Chapter 1361

"The Life We Look Forward to" was indeed a pastoral outdoor reality show. Moreover, Li Mu really felt that this show was a refreshing stream among countless reality shows.

Why was it a refreshing stream? The reason was that this show was really down to earth, very realistic, and had a lot of life. Moreover, there were no boring games, no boring and pretentious entertainment memes. It could give people a sense of tranquility and warmth. This was a quality that other shows did not have.

Li Mu had watched a season of "The Life We Look Forward to" in his previous life. He had a special fondness for this show. Whether it was Huang Lei, who was like a cooking god, He Wan, who was like a good wife, or Da Hua, who was honest and stupid, their characters in the show were very unique, and they were very in line with the characteristics of the three characters.

The format of the show was that the three men would be thrown into a farmyard, accompanied by a dog, a few chickens, and an acre of land. The three guests would clean up their farmyard and make it cozy and comfortable. Then, they would start to welcome their friends from the city. These friends were all, without exception, celebrities in the entertainment industry.

In every episode, the celebrities who were about to arrive at the farmyard would call them to order dishes and tell them what they wanted to eat. Then, Huang Lei would find a way to bring the other two to fulfill the guests' requests according to the guests' menu and the actual local situation. After the guests arrived, they would spend a day and a night in the farmyard. Then, the show would basically end.

This kind of show was similar to a farming novel. There was no particularly big story background, and there was no special plot climax. What it had was the process of the protagonist using his own hands and the limited resources in the farmyard to achieve one small goal after another.

In his previous life, Li Mu liked this show very much, but he also had his own dissatisfaction with this show. The biggest dissatisfaction was the lack of a currency setting in the show. This was a very fatal injury.

In every episode, in order to get the money to buy ingredients, Huang Lei had to go to the program crew to negotiate at the last minute. He had to buy a few catties of corn to exchange for a bottle of Coke, or some cash. Then, he would use the cash to bargain with the owner of the snack shop.

Since the production team had never thought of setting a currency for the show, there was no fixed standard for every transaction. Every time, they had to negotiate at the last minute. They had to decide on the exchange rate between corn and cash. Just from this point alone, they lost a lot of the fun that could have been there.

If Li Mu wanted to enrich this program, the first thing he had to do was to clarify the currency exchange settings. For example, he had to make it clear that one kilogram of corn could be exchanged for one yuan. Then, on this basis, the three guests could use the corn method to exchange for any money or items.

If you want to drink Coke, okay, you can buy a can of Coke with two catties of corn; if you want to buy two catties of meat?

OK, you can buy one catty of meat with fifteen catties of corn; if you want to save more money in case of emergencies, OK, you can buy more corn, or ask the guests to help you buy more corn. The corn saved would be the entire budget for the three of them in the show. This way, the show would have an additional "currency line." Don't look down on this line. With its existence, the feeling of farming could be complete.

In a farming novel, no one only farmed, raised pigs, or raised fish. It would be very boring if there was only one line, so the main character had to rely on his own farming behavior to exchange for money, and then use that money to achieve more goals.

Therefore, on this line, they could also set up an "industry line" based on the "currency line." That was, the production team would set the exchange price of various farming industries. For example, a hen that could lay eggs could be exchanged for ten yuan in the show, and the production team could exchange for one egg for two yuan. If the guests were interested in investing in the chicken industry, they could desperately buy a hundred catties of corn and buy ten hens. That way, every day in the future, ten hens could possibly bring them twenty yuan in cash income.

In addition, they could continue to develop new industries on top of eggs. For example, if eggs could be made into cakes, the price of each cake would be five or ten yuan. As for the oven to make the cake, it would cost thirty or fifty yuan. If the guests had the ability to make their own clay oven, they could buy it with cash as long as the cake met the requirements of the production team. That way, the three guests would have a better way to make profits.

Li Mu's thoughts continued to wander. In addition to the industry line, he felt that he could add another mission line. In other words, the production team could randomly give them a few tasks for them to choose from. If they could complete the tasks, they could get additional rewards. For example, there were a hundred format tasks in the entire task library, and they could randomly pick three tasks every day to complete with the guests that day. Each task had different requirements and corresponded to different rewards. Of course, they could freely decide whether they wanted to complete these three tasks or choose one of them to complete.

This way, the show would be much more interesting. The production team would no longer be there to make things difficult for the guests, but would become the fair and just NPCs in the game. The guests wouldn't just come and help out, and then go back after a few meals.

However, this way, he would be completely revamping Life Longing for. However, Li Mu was very confident in his revamp. After all, his revamp of Plants vs Zombies Online had become popular all over the world. Fighting zombies with friends had become something that netizens all over the world repeated countless times a day.

Moreover, Plants vs Zombies Online's second stage of revamp was about to be completed. By then, players all over the world would be able to use Hua Xia's style of architecture to fight against Hua Xia's unique zombie image. By then, the image of Hua Xia's zombie would definitely become popular all over the world along with the game.

All of this was the charm of revamping. Therefore, Li Mu was very interested in revamping. Not only would he persevere with the revamp, but he would also continue to improve his revamp skills in the future, striving to make it even more awesome!

Thinking up to this point, a voice suddenly popped up in Li Mu's head. Didn't he revamp Life Longing into his own Paradise Town?

Wasn't Paradise Town a farming game like that?

Players could earn money through farming, and at the same time expand their own farming area. Then, they could buy all sorts of livestock, and obtain more agricultural products. On this basis, they could even create their own industrial system, such as using their own materials to create industrial products. Eggs and milk could be used to make cakes, or ice cream, wool could be used to make sweaters, corn could be used to make popcorn, potatoes could be used to make potato chips, and so on.

However, he definitely wouldn't be able to use the entire worldview framework of the game in a variety show. However, even if he only used a few of the more unique and classic memes in the game, he would be able to connect the audience with the game.

In this way, Life Longing would become a live-action version of Paradise Town.

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more reliable it seemed. Instead of that, it would be better to mix the show and the game together. This way, it would not only increase the gameplay and interest of the show, but also enhance the influence of Paradise Town.

Paradise Town was a game developed by Makino Technology. At the end of the day, the increase in the influence of Paradise Town would also be a great brand promotion for Makino Technology. This show was planned by Makino Image as a whole. In this way, it would be a living advertisement for Makino Technology …

As for the name, it would definitely be inappropriate to directly call it Paradise Town. Therefore, he might as well call it "Life Longing for" which was broadcast under the title of Paradise Town.

Although the name of the show was still "Life Longing for", all the broadcasts and advertisements related to it would be displayed in such a bundled way. It would be able to firmly tie them together. Moreover, there was a great similarity between the game and the show itself. This kind of bundling effect would naturally become better.

Moreover, if this chain of mutual promotion was reversed, it would be discovered that if this show was really taken out and sold as a bundle with Paradise Town, it would be equivalent to the show itself having a very strong audience base. At that time, it was unknown how many players of Paradise Town would watch this show because of it.

Therefore, such a gameplay was a proper win-win situation.

At this time, He Wan and Chen Wan were very curious and asked Li Mu, "What kind of model is the variety show of rural life?"

The variety show in this day and age had yet to enter the explosive period, so the two could not imagine how a "rural life variety show" should be presented.

At this time, Li Mu smiled mysteriously and asked the two, "Have you played Paradise Town?"

Chen Wan nodded. "Of course, I started playing it when it was still called Happy Farm."

"Me too."

He Wan said, "When I was in Happy Farm, I was a hardcore player. I used to get up at more than three o 'clock in the morning to collect vegetables. Although I'm not so crazy now, as long as I don't go on a business trip, I basically log on to Paradise Town every day, go up to collect crops and various products, and then hand in the task, expand the area of the town, and I have recharged no less than 10,000 yuan."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Since you are all players of" Happy Farm ", it's easy. I can tell you the bottom line now. This variety show is based on" Paradise Town "as a blueprint, and on this basis, it is the product of life and reality processing. For the specific details, I will arrange for someone to make a detailed copy. At that time, I will talk to Xiangnan Satellite TV. If Xiangnan Satellite TV is interested, we will cooperate to develop this show like" Super Girl "."

He Wan still didn't know what kind of show Li Mu was going to make. Although he had already said that the show was based on Paradise Town, the various systems in Paradise Town can be said to be very complicated, and he couldn't imagine how a video game should be turned into a variety show. At least in terms of farming, a piece of wheat field in the game may be ripe in a few minutes. If it was put in reality, it would take at least a few months. How could it be played?

However, He Wan did not continue to ask. He knew that this included copyright issues. If he asked too much, it would seem that he did not understand the rules. It was just like when peers in the film industry discussed movies, no one would directly ask the specific story of the other party's new project. At most, they would ask about the main line and outline, because if they asked too much, it would involve the other party's secrets.