Chapter 1531

Davidson didn't know why Bill Gates was so eager to see Li Mu. When he asked where Li Mu was, his eyes were filled with excitement.

But out of courtesy, Davidson said very politely, "My granddaughter Wendy has already gone to invite Mr. Lee. I believe he will arrive soon."

Bill Gates nodded and smiled. "I've been wanting to see him for a long time."

As soon as he finished speaking, Davidson suddenly looked at the entrance and said, "Mr. Lee is here!"

Li Mu and Wendy walked into the banquet hall side by side. Walking into the huge banquet hall that was comparable to a palace, Li Mu couldn't help but be a little speechless. Not only was the banquet hall large, but it was also more than ten meters high. The dome was a large area painting with religious characteristics, and just by looking at it, one could feel that it was magnificent.

Three rows of long tables and chairs had been placed in the rectangular banquet hall. The row facing the entrance of the banquet hall was the host's seat, while the other two rows extending to the entrance were the guest's seats. The guest's seats were dozens of meters long and were perpendicular to the host's seats.

The main seat row only had a single row of seats facing the entrance, while the remaining two rows of guest seats were double seats on the left and right sides. The guests sat opposite each other.

At this time, the people in the banquet hall hadn't taken their seats yet. They were chatting in groups of three or four. As soon as Li Mu came in, everyone's attention was focused on him.

In their eyes, this young, world-class tycoon was likely to become an unprecedented super tycoon in the world in the future. Although Li Mu looked weak and bookish, he had influenced the global Internet industry and was even the leader and godfather of the entire Internet industry. Most of the people present today couldn't help but be in awe of him.

No one knew who clapped first, but when the applause started, others couldn't help but applaud. There had never been a young tycoon like Li Mu in the world's business field. Just the industry he created with his own strength was enough to make most of the people present spontaneously applaud him.

In the blink of an eye, the warm applause had overshadowed the jazz band's performance, so the band stopped playing and applauded.

There was no doubt that in everyone's eyes tonight, the protagonist was not any member of the Goldberg family, nor any member of the royal family present. There was only one real protagonist, and that was Li Mu.

Bill Gates also saw Li Mu walking into the banquet hall with Wendy. He heard the thunderous applause around him. This was the only applause tonight so far. Except for Li Mu, no other guest could make everyone applaud spontaneously.

When Bill Gates saw Li Mu's energetic face, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. He was almost 50 years old, and Li Mu was just in his early twenties. When he was 50 years old, how high would he rise to?

Thinking of this, Bill Gates secretly shook his head. He was sure that Li Mu would not be able to protect his current industry and wealth in the future. In Bill Gates' view, Makino Technology was a company that was created by the Internet bubble. They didn't have strong core technologies, nor did they have irreplaceable products. Even if they could surpass Microsoft in a short period of time, they would still be surpassed by Microsoft in the future.

Bill Gates firmly believed that irreplaceable products such as Windows and Office could last for a long time in the IT industry. As for YY and Li Mu's various ecological combinations, it was just a temporary opportunity for rapid development. Without a strong foundation, it was like a skyscraper in the desert. If it didn't collapse now, it would collapse sooner or later.

At this time, Davidson, who was next to him, quickly greeted him.

When Bill Gates saw this, he quickly followed behind Davidson. He had been looking forward to meeting Li Mu today for a long time. Even the Windows-Live package was released today because of Li Mu.

Because Bill Gates knew that he would meet Li Mu today, he set the Windows-Live package to be officially released later today. So, the person he wanted to see the most at this moment was Li Mu.

Li Mu once destroyed the MSN business with his own hands, bringing great losses to Microsoft and also a huge impact on Bill Gates' ambitions. Microsoft once hoped to use the MSN ecosystem to achieve the company's strategic expansion, but Li Mu's YY ecosystem mercilessly sent MSN to hell.

Now, MSN made a comeback with its own brand new ecosystem. Its success or failure would have a huge impact on Bill Gates and even the entire Microsoft.

Whether he could grab some rice from Li Mu's pot was what Bill Gates cared about the most now.

Moreover, Bill Gates was full of confidence in Windows-Live. He felt that Windows-Live had a very big advantage over YY. That advantage was his brand-new blog system built on the basis of MSN.

After in-depth research on Makino Technology and YY ecosystem for a long time, Bill Gates found the biggest weakness of Makino Technology at this stage. This weakness was that Makino Technology had never really paid attention to its own blog product. Even after Li Mu's blog was watched by netizens around the world and reported by the global media, Makino Technology still did not pay attention to the blog.

From Bill Gates' point of view, blogs were a very good product ecosystem. They provided an excellent platform for netizens to publish their personal opinions. With a little guidance, blogs would become a high-quality content platform that netizens would chase after. Netizens would eagerly absorb nutrients from the huge number of articles on blogs. For netizens, this was a strong attraction and necessity.

This was why Bill Gates invested a lot of energy in the development of MSN's blog and even developed a perfect editor for the blog. He always felt that innovation in production tools was the real innovation. The innovation of this editor and the development of the entire blog and even the development of Internet content had great significance and far-reaching impact. Its importance was no less than his own Office.

Bill Gates not only bet on the blog's own product development and the development of production tools, but also invested a lot of energy to enhance the quality content of his own blog. Recently, Microsoft poached a large number of editor-in-chief, editor-in-chief, and even editors from major traditional media across the United States. These people were leading their writers to create a lot of quality content for Microsoft's blog day and night.

Microsoft even cooperated with many publishers and university professors to reorganize and recompile a large number of documents, materials, and papers, and prepare to inject them into its own blog content library.

For Bill Gates, he was creating a brand-new Internet encyclopedia, and this encyclopedia would be presented in the form of blogs. At that time, MSN would divide these blogs into detailed categories, ranging from social sciences, finance, history, various academics, as well as literary authors, social celebrities, and stars, and then step by step to a specific subdivision. In this way, all bloggers could be included in this set of blog encyclopedia, making this set of "encyclopedia" more complete.

As a world's top engineering man, Bill Gates successfully built MSN's blog into a platform that integrates academics, knowledge, opinions, and the functions of creation, sharing, and reading. He was so confident in his blog that he believed that as soon as it was launched, it would immediately differentiate itself from Makino Technology. Moreover, his model had very high requirements for content. Even if Makino Technology wanted to catch up, it would be very difficult. They couldn't find so much quality content to fill their blog in a short period of time.

Therefore, Bill Gates firmly believed that tonight would be a historic day for Windows-Live and the first battle for Windows-Live to regain users.

Li Mu didn't expect this group of Europeans to be so enthusiastic about him. Fortunately, he had experienced bigger occasions many times, so he wasn't nervous. However, Wendy Gopher, who was next to him, couldn't help but feel her heart beating faster. Although she had always been confident, she was still a little flustered in front of so many people and being stared at by so many people, but she hid her panic very well.

On the other hand, the young man from the East next to her didn't have the slightest panic or loss. Instead, he looked calm and composed, like a monarch, accepting the admiration of his subjects with a clear conscience.

Some people from the royal families of various countries had a little more admiration for Li Mu in their hearts. Even though they had experienced various aristocratic education since childhood, they had not been able to cultivate themselves to have the spirit of a monarch like Li Mu.

The royal families of small countries were worried about being despised in front of the royal families of big countries, and the royal families of big countries also had their own difficulties in front of the real rich. They looked glamorous, but in fact, they were not competitive in terms of wealth. Moreover, the people of the whole country and even the whole world were paying close attention to them, so they didn't dare to spend their money unscrupulously. Moreover, the European royal families had almost no real power. Almost all of them were like the mascots of their own countries.

Although the royal families of the Middle East were rich and powerful, they couldn't find confidence in front of the European royal families. Because they were nouveau riche, they were always subconsciously afraid that in front of the European royal families, they would appear to lack aristocratic heritage.

Only Li Mu was born in Hua Xia, so he didn't understand the royal family or the aristocracy, and he couldn't be bothered to play along with them. He only knew that in the world of capital, whoever had the most money was the boss.

And everyone present today, if they were to count their personal wealth, none of them would be richer than him.

Davidson came in front of Li Mu and shook hands with Li Mu warmly under everyone's gaze. At this time, the applause did not stop. Davidson said loudly in Li Mu's ear, "Mr Li, you're finally here. Look, everyone is waiting for you."

Li Mu smiled and waved and nodded to the unfamiliar faces around him. His movements were smooth, and his expression was indifferent.

The applause gradually stopped. Davidson was about to speak, but Bill Gates had already come to his side. Li Mu saw him. Seeing the man who had dominated the seat of the world's richest man for decades, he took the initiative to smile at him and said politely, "Hello, Mr Gates, nice to meet you."

Bill Gates walked in front of Li Mu, shook hands with Li Mu, and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr Li!

I've been looking forward to meeting you for a long time, and today we finally meet. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I've wanted to visit you in Seattle several times when I went to the United States, but every time I came to the United States, I was in a hurry, so I never had the opportunity to meet you."

Bill Gates smiled and said, "Mr Li's recent series of big moves are really amazing. I've been waiting for you to visit Silicon Valley after you go to the United States. I didn't expect to meet you here, and the timing of today's meeting is really a bit of a coincidence."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What do you mean by coincidence, Mr Gates?"