Chapter 1460

Tim Cook was ignored by Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah for the whole day. Until the market closed, he and Apple's shareholders were worried. They were afraid that the abnormal fluctuation of the stock price would cause Makino Technology to give up on acquiring Apple, or adjust the offer to Apple's shareholders.

The soaring stock price meant that the cost of privatization would increase. Although Makino Technology could force Apple to delist after obtaining the collective signature of Apple's shareholders, the price of delisting could not be lower than the real-time stock price. Secondly, the offer of delisting didn't require the approval of all investors, but Nasdaq had to agree. Otherwise, forced privatization would be impossible.

Therefore, Nasdaq was the dictator of all Nasdaq's shareholders. Privatization only required him to agree. It didn't matter what his children thought.

Based on this, the institution could get the chips and pull up the stock price. Then, they could get Makino Technology to take over.

Moreover, everyone knew that Li Mu didn't want to leave a bad impression on Nasdaq's shareholders. Therefore, he would give the stock price a premium of more than 20% according to Nasdaq's usual practice of delisting. This was another huge profit for the institution.

If Li Mu said goodbye to Apple in anger, then all the Apple's shareholders would be dead. The options in Tim Cook's hands would basically be wasted. His years in Apple would be in vain. As for joining Makino Technology, it would probably be impossible.

If Li Mu continued to acquire Apple after the stock price increased, then the cost of privatization would inevitably increase. Based on Li Mu's temper, he would certainly not pay such a high cost for nothing. The biggest possibility was that he would let Apple's shareholders pay for it themselves.

A full acquisition was equivalent to dividing 100 yuan into 70. The shareholders would get 30%, and the shareholders would get 70%. If, for some reason, the shareholders wanted to get 40%, and the person controlling the stock was not willing to pay extra, then the shareholders could only get 60%.

If it was the second result, then Apple could barely accept it. If it was the first result, then it was basically a wasted effort.

However, Tim Cook did not expect that Li Mu would use some means to guide public opinion and make the securities investment institution the target of public criticism. Then, he used an extremely violent statement to directly cut the institution in half. This move was regarded by everyone in Apple as a model of the aesthetics of violence in the financial world.

Li Mu showed the absolute authority of an Eastern patriarch to the speculators on Nasdaq. First of all, if Daddy said he would spank you, then he would spank you. Even if there was no reason, he could spank you. Secondly, if Daddy spanked you, no one could do anything about it, not even the police. Lastly, when Daddy spanked you, you had to stand still. If you dared to run, hide, or disobey, Daddy's belt would touch your butt intimately.

Tim Cook sat in Apple's conference room and faced a group of Apple executives. He sighed from the bottom of his heart. "Guys, to be honest, I really didn't expect today's matter to end like this. To be honest, I'm really dumbfounded."

A shareholder who understood Chinese said, "Hua Xia has an idiom, 'I'm in awe'. It's the best way to describe my current mood."

Another shareholder sighed. "That's how simple Li Mu's way of doing things. We can think of it too, but we never thought that this kind of thing would work. If we directly announced the acquisition price, we would be worried that we would be accused of manipulating the stock price. If we snatched the profits of the institutions, we would be worried that we would be boycotted by the institutions in the future. If we privatized it with the real-time stock price, we would be worried that Nasdaq would disagree, and investors would curse us as bandits. But Li Mu didn't worry about anything. He just did it so naturally, and it was clean and smooth. This is the huge difference brought about by the difference in courage …"

Tim Cook said, "Johnson, don't be misled by Li Mu. He's not a reckless man who only cares about courage. His real ability is to deal with all possible threats and influences before he makes his move. You saw him cutting off the profits of the institutions, but behind this, Li Mu has a real-time grasp of the movements of the entire Nasdaq, as well as the pure application of the rules. Why did he wait until the market closed before making this announcement? I guess he has been monitoring the movements of the circulating shares of Apple, and he knows that most of the chips have gone into the pockets of the institutions. That's why he made his move at this time;

"What's more, Li Mu has done everything he can to guide public opinion. First, he exposed the behavior of the institutions to the public, and then he led the public to criticize these institutions on a large scale. At the same time, he provoked the anger and hatred of the ordinary investors toward the institutions. This is the strategy that the people of Hua Xia are best at. Just like the peasant uprisings in the history of ancient China, the initiator first had to make the masses stand with him and make the masses hate his enemies. Li Mu has done this. His propaganda methods are too powerful and brilliant. There is no evidence that Li Mu is manipulating the public opinion. Although the masses are still in the dark, everyone here should know very well that all of this must be driven by Li Mu in the dark.

"In addition, Li Mu has also grasped the pulse of Nasdaq. In theory, the stock price of a listed company is the embodiment of its actual value. The price of 1: 1 is only suitable for normal trading. Nasdaq will not allow any company to be forcibly privatized at a price of 1: 1. But this time, Li Mu publicly announced that he will not give any premium, which seems to be a blatant violation of Nasdaq's rules. But I believe that Nasdaq will not oppose it, because Li Mu has enough initiative, public support, and moral foundation. If Nasdaq does not approve it, Apple's stock price will fall below its net value. At the same time, the public will greatly hate Nasdaq, and Nasdaq will also become the accomplice of those evil institutions in the eyes of the public."

At this point, Tim Cook sighed and said, "It won't be long before Nasdaq, and even the entire United States, becomes Li Mu's home ground. People will support him more than any other American entrepreneur. This is really terrible!"

A shareholder and executive interrupted, "Tim, as long as we are successfully acquired by Makino Technology, this matter will not be terrible at all. In the future, you will also become a senior executive of Makino Technology. If you work hard, you can even become the vice president of Makino Technology. But the premise is that you have to figure out what Li Mu's attitude towards us is now. If the stock price falls below $3.50, will he change his offer to us?"

This sentence resonated with many people.

Li Mu had already shown his toughness and strength through his statement. Now that Li Mu had cut the income of the shareholders of tradable shares, would he cut the income of the shareholders of Apple?

The shareholders of Apple had already accepted the purchase price of $4.15 multiplied by 90%. Would Li Mu suddenly announce tomorrow that he would buy their shares at 90% of $3.50?

If that was the case, everyone would really be in a miserable state.

Tim Cook said, "Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah have refused to communicate with me for the time being. I guess they should be very dissatisfied with the leak. After all, the most likely source of the leak is within us."

The shareholders said one after another, "We have to communicate with Li Mu quickly to confirm it!

Otherwise, everyone's nerves are tense, and they dare not relax for a moment. "

Tim Cook nodded gently. After hesitating for a moment, he said, "Then I will call Li Mu again."

…

Makino Technology was celebrating its victory in advance. Whether from the perspective of public opinion, law, strength, or the market, Makino Technology had won this time.

Lin Ching-ah's assistant received a call from Tim Cook. She hurried to the conference room and said to Lin Ching-ah, "President Lin, Tim Cook from Apple called again. He said he wants to talk to you."

Lin Ching-ah glanced at Li Mu next to her and said to her, "Tell him that I don't have time. Ask him to contact me tomorrow."

The assistant nodded, turned around, and left. A few minutes later, Tim Cook called Li Ziwei.

Li Ziwei came to Li Mu and whispered, "Li Zong, Tim Cook called and asked to talk to you."

"He called you so soon …" Li Mu smiled and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Apple must be very anxious now."

Lin Ching-ah said, "They must be worried now, worried that we will take the opportunity to cut off a piece of their interests."

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "If we don't give them a reply today, I'm afraid they won't be able to sleep at night."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "Li Zong, what do you think?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Since we are going to buy them, they will be our sons in the future. We should be more tolerant of our sons."

As Li Mu spoke, he raised his head and said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, call Tim Cook back and ask him to bring all the shareholders of Apple to Makino Technology tonight to sign the contract. Tell them that my offer has changed, but the price has not changed. I will still pay them at 4.15%, but I will add a condition to the actual payment: I will pay them after Apple is successfully privatized, and before the payment, I have the right to terminate the cooperation at any time."