Chapter 79

Li Mu bought a platform ticket and sent Chen Wan to the platform. While waiting for the train to enter the station, Chen Wan felt sad. She didn't know how long she would have to wait to see Li Mu again after this separation.

Li Mu was also reluctant to part with her.

He didn't have many friends at the moment. Although he hadn't known Chen Wan for a long time, his feelings for her were like that of an old friend. In addition, he had received her kindness before, so his feelings for her were deeper than that of a friend.

The DF4D train, nicknamed Flower Tiger, was pulling a red train into the station. Chen Wan turned her head to look at the train that was getting closer and closer. She said to Li Mu with red eyes, "Bad boy, come to Shanghai to play with me when you have time."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "When I go to Yan Jing, you're welcome to play at any time."

"Then I'll go during the National Day holiday!"

Li Mu scratched his head and said, "You might have to go back to Haizhou during the National Day holiday."

Chen Wan replied without hesitation, "Anyway, I'll go wherever you are."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Okay, that's a deal."

The train had begun to slow down and gradually stopped.

Li Mu accompanied Chen Wan to her sleeping compartment. Chen Wan turned around and faced Li Mu before getting on the train. Her eyes were red, but she didn't say anything.

Li Mu said, "Send me a message when you arrive."

"Send me a message when you get back to Haizhou."

"Get some rest after you get on the train. I'll talk to you tomorrow during the day."

"I can't sleep on the train."

"Okay then."

Li Mu nodded and didn't know what to say for a while. Almost all the passengers in the same compartment had boarded, and the conductor was about to take away the number plate hanging outside the door. Li Mu glanced at the conductor and thought he was about to leave. Unexpectedly, the conductor raised his eyebrows at Li Mu and said, "Don't worry, this is a slow train. It will stop for 20 minutes."

"Thank you."

As Li Mu spoke, he teased Chen Wan, "People probably think that we're a couple that's going to separate."

For the first time, Chen Wan didn't blush or feel shy. She asked, "Do we look alike?"

Li Mu narrowed his eyes and looked at Chen Wan. He nodded and smiled. "You look quite similar. The key is that I look more mature."

"It's just a little too white."

Chen Wan's heart was filled with happiness, but she pursed her lips and said, "You should bask in the sun during the summer vacation. It's best if you can bask in the sun until you have a light tan and build some muscles. But you can't have too many muscles."

"I'm lazy. In the summer, I like to play computer games in an air-conditioned room."

"Then you'll have a belly soon. Be careful not to put on weight too early."

"Oh …" Li Mu scratched his head. In his previous life, it seemed that after he went to university, he began to gain weight and never looked back. When he reached middle age, although he was not a fat uncle, his waist and abdomen were full of fat.

In that case, it was time to focus on training …

Chen Wan slightly raised her head and looked at Li Mu. Her heart was filled with the immature and shy feelings of a young girl. She liked Li Mu, and Chen Wan had told her many times. However, she and Li Mu didn't seem to be that suitable. At least, he was younger than her by three years, and he hadn't seen the brilliance of the outside world.

Although Chen Wan didn't have much experience in love, she knew that a boy's love was like a big wave washing away the sand. At this time, the girl who talked about love with him was often just a scenery on his road of growth. Chen Wan didn't want to be a scenery in Li Mu's life. She rationally told herself that she had to properly control her feelings for Li Mu. If she wasn't sure, she would never talk about love with him.

In that case, if there really wasn't a chance, she could still continue to be his sister. Although love was good, it was hard to last. Family love could last for a lifetime.

"Stinking brat."

Chen Wan really acted like a big sister. Her arms gently hugged Li Mu's waist, and she intimately warned, "Take care of yourself. If you run into trouble, call me."

Li Mu nodded, smiled at her, and said, "You too."

"Let's go!"

Chen Wan confidently pushed Li Mu away and lifted her feet to walk up the high stairs. Before entering the corridor of the sleeper compartment, Chen Wan waved at Li Mu. "Ask if the driver has arrived. Hurry up and go back."

"Okay."

Li Mu agreed, but he didn't move. He watched as Chen Wan entered and walked through the corridor. Chen Wan also saw that Li Mu didn't move, so she waved her hand and looked for her own bed. Before entering the private room, she pointed at the door to the private room and waved her hand, indicating for Li Mu to go in.

Li Mu nodded at her and waved his hand, then turned and walked out of the station through the underground passage.

The taxi driver from Haizhou was already waiting in front of the station. When Li Mu got in the car, he received a message from Chen Wan. "The car's here. Tell me when you get home."

"Okay."

…

That night, Guo Yuhang, who had been unconscious for more than 30 hours, woke up.

His body was indeed too weak compared to his peers, so he woke up more than 10 hours later than the doctor had predicted.

Before he woke up, Guo Lin had only roughly understood what had happened. However, Zou Hua didn't dare to mention the names of Song Liang, Zhang Wanjun, and Li Mu in his testimony, for fear of retaliation. He only said that he had helped Guo Yuhang, but Guo Yuhang had provoked someone more powerful, causing his car to be smashed. Out of anger, he hit Guo Yuhang.

When Guo Yuhang woke up and combined with his personal account, the couple finally understood the cause.

To their surprise, it turned out that the crux of the matter this time turned out to be the root of the matter when Li Mu's parents were laid off.

When Xue Guilan heard that it was Li Mu, she immediately exploded. "Motherf * cker, since when did the children of the Xiling Coal Mine's workers dare to shit on our shoulders? Yuhang, don't worry, mom will definitely help you get back at them. I'll make the Li family pay ten times, no, a hundred times the price!"

Xue Guilan had a great sense of superiority in the Xiling Coal Mine. She always felt that in this small, closed society of state-owned enterprises, her husband was the emperor, and she was the motherly empress.

She didn't expect that the son of a commoner would actually hit the crown prince and cause such a big commotion. It was simply unforgivable!

Guo Lin was smarter than her, but he said with a gloomy face, "Are you deaf or something?

Didn't you hear the two people our son mentioned?

That Li Mu called Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun to back him up. Haven't you heard of these two people? "

Xue Guilan's face instantly turned pale.

After being the Earth Empress for a long time, she couldn't say that she didn't understand the outside world, but she was indeed not sensitive enough.

Guo Lin's reminder reminded her of the background of these two people.

One was a real estate tycoon in Haizhou, and the other was the boss of Haizhou's underworld. Guo Lin couldn't afford to offend either one of them.

Guo Lin was the leader of a state-owned enterprise, and he was in the coal industry, which was relatively closed off. Guo Lin was greedy for money, but Guo Lin had connections and was a high-level leader of a mining group. The mining group wasn't even in Haizhou, but in Pengcheng. How could he compete with two local big shots in Haizhou?

"Then what should we do?!" Xue Guilan was anxious. "This matter was caused by that bastard Li Mu!

If we can't do anything to him, how can I get back at my son? "

"Do you know what kind of person Zhang Wanjun is?"

Guo Lin said with a dark face, "He runs discos, illegal casinos, loan sharks, and construction projects. He has hundreds of underlings who rely on him to make a living. If you piss him off, our family of three won't have a good life!"

"Do you know what kind of person Song Liang is?

He casually pulled out some porridge from his real estate business, and Zhang Wanjun ran circles around him like a dog. Who can you afford to offend these two people? "

Xue Guilan was like a frog at the bottom of a well that had been thrown out of the well. Not only were there a bunch of frogs bigger than her, but there were also a bunch of ferocious beasts. She used to have a sense of superiority, but now she suddenly felt the pain of powerlessness. Her heart was extremely uncomfortable.

"Is there no way to deal with him?" Xue Guilan asked while crying. She no longer had the confidence and dominance she had before.

"Sigh …" Guo Lin let out a long sigh. He also felt bad. He also wanted to get back at his son, but how could he do so?

Li Mu had someone backing him up, and he couldn't afford to offend him. If he really found someone to beat him up, his whole family would probably suffer. But Li Mu's parents were also laid off, and they were no longer under his control. What could he do to them?

At most, he could find an excuse to deduct the couple's salary of a few hundred yuan a month.

That would be f * cking useless!

Guo Lin sat in front of the bed dejectedly. Beside him, his wife was crying, and the unrecognizable son was also crying. In the end, the two of them hugged their heads and cried. Even his eyes were red. He felt like he wasn't a man. His son and wife had suffered so much, but he couldn't help them get back at them.

The more he thought about it, the more hatred Guo Lin felt. When his hatred reached an extreme, he slapped his thigh. "I got it!"

His wife and son looked at him expectantly. "You got it?"

"I got it!"

Guo Lin's face was cold. "Since Li Mu has someone backing him up, then the father will pay his son's debts. I'll think of a way to get Li Daoping in!"

When he said get in, it was definitely referring to prison. There was no other place.

"How?" Xue Guilan's eyes lit up, but she was still a little confused.

Guo Lin thought carefully for a long time and blurted out, "Theft!

I bought a batch of imported equipment from a surveying equipment company in Jinling half a year ago. There are two Pentax Total Stations imported from Japan. I think one costs more than 90,000 yuan. Think of a way to get one of them and blame it on Li Daoping. "

Xue Guilan remembered Guo Lin's kickbacks very clearly. She was naturally sensitive to money and had a good memory. She hurriedly asked, "Was it the purchase order that cost more than 500,000 yuan?"

Guo Lin nodded. He also remembered that deal clearly.

That time, the other party gave 150,000 yuan as a kickback. Although it wasn't a lot, Xiling Coal Mine was going bankrupt. Guo Lin was also eager to make more money, so his behavior was a little ugly.

Even a large coal mine with an annual output of millions of tons probably didn't have such high-end surveying equipment, let alone a dying coal mine like Xiling Coal Mine. But Guo Lin didn't care. As long as he signed the purchase order, he could get the kickback. He didn't care if this thing was useful or not.

Guo Lin had a deep impression of the imported Total Stations. That thing could be stored in a small box, but it was too f * cking expensive. At that time, he was still muttering in his heart. One Total Station was worth half a car. The Japanese were too ruthless.

Xue Guilan asked, "Is this easy to do?"

Guo Lin thought for a while. "I definitely can't do it myself. We have to pull in the leader of the surveying team, Chen Hailong. If he cooperates, it should work."

"If it works, how many years can he be sentenced to?"

"I also don't know. 90,000 yuan per unit, about three to ten years?"

— —