Chapter 537

Wang Xinran was a little mischievous. She soon found some clues from Su Yingxue's reaction. She couldn't help but ask her, "Sister, is there any problem between you and Brother Li Mu?"

Su Yingxue nodded instinctively. Then she reacted and hurriedly shook her head. She was about to say something to cover it up, but when she saw Wang Xinran's expression of "I've seen through you", Su Yingxue simply gave up and said, "I always feel that there is always some distance between me and him."

Wang Xinran asked her curiously, "What do you mean by distance?"

Su Yingxue didn't want to talk about this topic with Wang Xinran, but these feelings had been accumulated in her heart for a long time. She had always wanted to find an outlet to vent her feelings. Wang Xinran was also her best sister since childhood, so Su Yingxue sighed softly and said, "He has only been in the National People's Congress for less than a year, but he has done so many things that others dare not think about. He is more famous than anyone else in the National People's Congress, and he is very good at making money outside. Do you think such a boy is very attractive to girls of the same age?"

Wang Xinran added, "Sister, don't forget that brother-in-law can also make movies and write scripts."

Su Yingxue nodded and said subconsciously, "More than that, he can also write songs."

Wang Xinran's eyes lit up and couldn't help asking, "Sister, brother-in-law can also write songs?

What songs did he write? "

Su Yingxue said vaguely, "I'm talking nonsense. Don't change the topic. You haven't answered my question just now."

Wang Xinran said "oh" and then tilted her head and said seriously, "Sister, to be honest, a boy like brother-in-law is the best of the best. At his age, except for those in the entertainment circle, no one else is as famous as him. The key is that he is handsome, talented, and can make money. In general, no one can compare with him. Let alone girls of the same age, I think even girls who are a few years older or younger will be attracted to him."

Su Yingxue said, "This is what I am most worried about."

Wang Xinran asked in surprise, "Sister, you have a rival in love?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "As you said, he's so attractive to girls. It's normal for him to have rivals."

Wang Xinran agreed and said, "I think so too. Whether it's a boy or a girl, when the opposite sex is too attractive to them, they will lose their normal judgment. If you really like someone, all you think about is how to get them. Who cares if they have a significant other?

If there isn't, then that's naturally the best. If there is, then I'll do everything I can to snatch him from my other half. "

As she said that, Wang Xinran said mysteriously, "Sister, let me tell you, the relationships in our school are like this. If a girl likes a boy, and the boy has a girlfriend, she will definitely try everything to get close to the boy and rack her brains to attract his attention. She will even secretly go out with the boy to sleep in a room. There was a girl who dropped out of school in April this year because she was pregnant. She just wanted to steal a boyfriend from someone else. This matter has already spread like wildfire in our school."

Su Yingxue frowned slightly and said, "Isn't this girl too improper?

She got pregnant before graduating from high school? "

Wang Xinran nodded. "Actually, it's quite normal. Our school is considered good. I only heard about pregnancy a few times. There's a nursing school not far from our school, and the students there are much more open than us!"

Su Yingxue asked again, "Then did the girl you mentioned get pregnant in order to steal someone else's boyfriend?"

Wang Xinran said, "Yes, the two of them were together before she got pregnant. After she got pregnant, the boy's parents went to the girl's house. Although they dropped out of school to prepare for an abortion, the two of them were ready to get married as soon as they were of age."

Su Yingxue felt that her worldview had been refreshed. She was only one year older than Wang Xinran. Why hadn't she heard of such a thing in her school when she was in school?

Was it because Haizhou was too small, and the students there were too honest?

While she was wondering, Su Yingxue suddenly thought of the night before Li Mu's birthday. He didn't reply to her text messages and calls until the next morning, when he told her that it was because he had drunk too much the night before. However, when they were having dinner together on the day of his birthday, Li Yawei accidentally told her that Li Mu didn't drink too much at all. Not only did he not drink too much, but he even sent them downstairs after drinking. Under such circumstances, why would Li Mu tell her that the reason why he didn't reply to her text messages and didn't answer her phone was because he was drunk?

Su Yingxue suddenly felt extremely regretful. On the morning of Li Mu's birthday, when she couldn't contact him, she thought of going to Yucheng Garden to take a look. However, after thinking about it, she gave up. If she really went that day, she could at least be sure if Li Mu was in Yucheng Garden that night. If he was, was he her?

If he wasn't there, then he was lying to her.

As soon as she thought of the gossip story that Wang Xinran had told her, Su Yingxue couldn't help but worry. She and Li Mu had intimate contact, but under the influence of her self-protection and modesty, Li Mu and she were far from reaching the point of breaking through the last level. However, Li Mu was a normal young man. Whether it was physically or mentally, he would definitely have that kind of need. If there was really a woman who would use her body as bait to get him, what should she do?

Once her thoughts began to diverge, even eight horses couldn't pull her back.

Su Yingxue thought that Wang Xinran was right. Judging from how outstanding Li Mu was, there should be a lot of women who were willing to sacrifice their bodies for him. Among them, the one that Su Yingxue was most worried about was Zhao Ziqiu from Beijing University. That girl was famous for her initiative toward Li Mu. From the beginning, she chased after Li Mu everywhere, even to the swimming pool of Beijing University. She was beautiful, and her body was far more developed than her peers. If she really opened her body to Li Mu, would Li Mu be able to resist her temptation?

As her thoughts continued to spread, Su Yingxue began to think about what Li Mu was doing the day before his birthday. Thinking about it carefully, that time node was very meaningful. The reason why she chose to send a message to Li Mu at 12 o 'clock that night to wish him a happy birthday was because that night was the node of staying up late for the Chinese New Year. It was very meaningful, so she specially used that time node to send him a blessing. For people who celebrated their birthdays, that moment was particularly meaningful. It was impossible for Li Mu to sleep at that time!

When thinking about this, Su Yingxue didn't dare to continue thinking about it. She was panicking, but she forced herself to withdraw her thoughts. Tonight, Li Mu would come to pick her up for dinner. If she continued to indulge in this kind of speculation, she was afraid that it would affect her mood when she faced him. As for her wild thoughts, it would be better to leave them for later.

…

In the past, when she ate alone with Li Mu, it was the time when Su Yingxue was the most relaxed. This was because when she was with Li Mu, she didn't need to think about her studies, life, and complicated interpersonal relationships. All she needed to do was to enjoy every moment with him.

However, recently, Li Mu was getting busier. He was so busy that most of the time, the two of them didn't have many opportunities to meet. Although they were in the same school, Li Mu almost didn't go to class, so the two of them sometimes didn't see each other even once a week.

Not only did the two of them have fewer opportunities to see each other, but even the limited opportunities they had to meet weren't really just the two of them. Just the matters of her aunt's family alone had occupied more than half of the topics they talked about when they met.

Therefore, this time, when Li Mu went to dinner with Su Yingxue, Su Yingxue didn't mention anything about her aunt's family. She deliberately found some common topics for the two of them, most of which were interesting things that happened between them in high school. After talking to a certain extent, she suddenly asked Li Mu, "Are you still going home this summer?"

The National People's Congress was about to start its summer vacation. This year's summer vacation would start at the end of June and end at the end of August. Su Yingxue was worried that Li Mu would be too busy with his own business that he didn't plan to go home during the summer vacation. Both of them were from Haizhou. No matter how tempting Li Mu's life in Yan Jing was, if the two of them returned to Haizhou, he would naturally be able to isolate himself from the chaos in Yan Jing. If the two of them were in Haizhou, they would have more opportunities to be alone.

On the other hand, Li Mu had already entered the state of an Internet entrepreneur. He even blurred his identity as a college student. All he could think about was developing, developing, and developing. Before the rise of the Internet arrived, he would do everything he could to gain territory. Therefore, when Su Yingxue asked him about his plans for the summer vacation, Li Mu realized that he still had two months of summer vacation!

He thought for a moment and said to Su Yingxue, "I might be busy in the next few months. I'm not sure if I'll have time to go home during the summer vacation."

Su Yingxue's face was full of disappointment. She complained to Li Mu for the first time, "You're so busy now. You still have to go to Hong Kong in the middle of the month. When you come back, it will only be a few days before the summer vacation. I can only stay in Yan Jing until Xinran's college entrance examination. After that, I have to go back. Doesn't that mean I won't be able to see you for about two months?

What do you think I should do during these two months? "

Li Mu only then realized that Su Yingxue was not the strong woman from his previous life. She was quite dependent on him.

Therefore, Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "When do you want to go back?

If the time is set, I'll go back with you. "

When Su Yingxue heard what Li Mu said, she felt a little better. However, she said with some difficulty, "If I go back during the holidays, then I'll be leaving by myself. If I wait until July, when Xinran finishes her college entrance examination, I might have to leave with my aunt and Xinran. My aunt and uncle might take the opportunity to take their annual leave after Xinran finishes her exams."

Li Mu asked her, "Then how are you going to leave by then?"

Su Yingxue said, "I haven't thought about it yet. If I leave by myself, I can book the train tickets now. If I go with my aunt, she might choose to drive."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Why don't I get someone from the Student Council to help you apply for a school assistant position? You'll have an excuse to stay for a few more days. When the time comes, we'll leave together."

Su Yingxue thought for a moment. Those who would become a school assistant position after the holidays were usually Student Council officials. Even if they weren't, if there was a chance to become a school assistant position, it meant that there was a chance to become a Student Council official. Su Yingxue didn't care about this kind of thing. However, if she used this as an excuse to stay in Yan Jing for a few more days, her family definitely wouldn't have any objections.

Therefore, Su Yingxue said, "That's fine. When the time comes, I'll tell them that I'll be staying in school for a while."