Chapter 1683

At this time, Schwarzenegger was undoubtedly the focus of all of Hollywood, all of California, and even the entire United States.

It was not uncommon for actors to become politicians in the United States. After all, there was President Ronald Reagan, who came out of Hollywood. However, it was the first time in American history that an action actor like Schwarzenegger, who was not born in the United States, became a politician.

Schwarzenegger himself was full of ambition at the moment. He was waiting for the inauguration ceremony to officially take office as governor of California. He believed that he could become the most outstanding governor in the history of California, and even in the history of the United States.

Seeing that there was only one day left before the inauguration ceremony, Schwarzenegger was excited and nervous. He had already begun to discuss various policies and actions after he took office with his aides.

He and his aides privately pulled out all of his network resources and made a very clear pivot table. The weight calculation in this table included several major factors: the person's social influence, wealth value, resource conversion value, industrial development space, and the ease of resource utilization.

This pivot table, through the system's algorithm, calculated all of these weights, and displayed the results in three very important dimensions:

The first was the ranking of the highest resources that Schwarzenegger could mobilize at this stage.

The second was the ranking of the highest potential resources that Schwarzenegger could mobilize in the future.

The third was the ranking of the most important connections that Schwarzenegger could invest the most energy to maintain.

Except for the first dimension, where Li Mu was not ranked first, Li Mu was ranked first in the remaining two dimensions, and he was far ahead of the second place.

Through this pivot table, Schwarzenegger could digitally see the value of each person, and he could even make interesting calculations. For example:

In the third dimension, Li Mu's points were more than the second, third, fourth, and fifth place combined.

In a sense, Schwarzenegger, for the greatest political benefit, even if he gave up the second to fifth place, as long as he focused on the relationship chain of Li Mu, he would still make a profit overall.

Schwarzenegger himself did not know how to do this kind of arithmetic, but when the results were displayed in the form of the pivot table, he looked forward to the arrival of Li Mu.

Coincidentally, his assistant told him that he had received an email from Li Mu's assistant. The email said that Li Mu's sister liked Celine Dion very much and asked him to help arrange it.

The first thing Schwarzenegger did was call Spielberg, who had just returned to the United States a few days ago.

Schwarzenegger remembered that Li Mu was an only child. Where did this little sister come from?

He needed to understand the specific situation from Spielberg before thinking about how to arrange it.

When Spielberg heard Schwarzenegger ask him who Li Mu's sister was, he was a little confused, but when Schwarzenegger told him the content of the email, he immediately guessed that the sister Li Mu was talking about should be Du Wei.

So he hurriedly told Schwarzenegger, "If I'm not wrong, the sister Li Mu is talking about should be Du Wei, the heroine of the movie I just finished filming, Flying Tigers. Although she is not related to Li Mu by blood, I still suggest that you treat her seriously, because Li Mu dotes on Du Wei very much, not much less than his biological sister."

Schwarzenegger immediately nodded and said, "I got it. I'll call Celine now."

Celine Dion was Canadian, and her husband was also Canadian. Her lifestyle was similar to that of most Canadian stars. She focused her career on the United States, and her life was divided equally between the United States and Canada.

When the weather was cold, Canadian stars like Celine Dion would leave the freezing Canada for the sunny Los Angeles, and return to Canada when the weather was warm. This habit was very similar to the people in the northeastern part of Hua Xia, who went to the southern island for the winter and returned when the weather was warm.

Moreover, the transportation between the United States and Canada was very convenient. For these big stars who often had private planes, traveling between the two places was not a problem at all.

It was now late October, and the weather in Montreal, Canada, was a little cold. Celine Dion had originally planned to live in Los Angeles with her husband in the near future. Schwarzenegger's inauguration was just around the corner, so they were ready to leave early.

Although Celine Dion was a singer, her career could not be separated from Hollywood. The reason why she could become a global hit and the world's top singer was mainly due to the support of the Hollywood film industry. James Cameron's Titanic became popular all over the world, and Celine Dion sang the theme song "My

Heart

Will

Go

On ", the singer also leaped to become a world-class top singer.

Because of her deep relationship with Hollywood, Celine Dion had a very good relationship with many A-list actors, directors, and film and television producers. She was also a good friend of Schwarzenegger for many years. This time, her friend was elected Governor of California, so she naturally had to be present to congratulate him.

At this time, Celine Dion, who was packing her luggage, received a call from Schwarzenegger. After the call was connected, she smiled and teased, "Mr. Governor, you're so busy. How can you have time to call me?"

Schwarzenegger smiled and said, "Celine, the title of Mr. Governor should wait until after I'm sworn in. Otherwise, it will not be proper."

Celine Dion said, "The moment you won the election, you were already Governor of California."

Schwarzenegger laughed and said, "Celine, I'm calling you because I have a favor to ask of you."

Celine Dion hurriedly said, "You don't have to be so polite with me. Just tell me anything, I'll do my best."

Schwarzenegger said, "Mr. Lee Li Mu, the founder of Makino Technology, will also come to my inauguration ceremony, and his assistant sent me an email specifically to tell me something related to you."

"Related to me?!" Celine Dion asked in surprise, "Can you be more specific?"

For Celine Dion, she had long heard of Li Mu's name. She had even earned a lot of shares from online music copyrights through YYtunes. Like all Hollywood stars, Celine Dion also wanted to get to know the powerful, especially the powerful who had a lot of resources in their hands. Unfortunately, Li Mu was the strongest in the eyes of Hollywood stars.

In fact, stars were very interesting existences. They were especially like a money printing machine, but what they needed to inject was not paper and paint, but resources.

Whether it was film and television stars, TV stars, singers, or comedians, each of them had a different conversion parameter. This parameter was like the thermal efficiency of an engine, which was determined according to their own abilities and conditions.

For example, a star like Michael Jackson was like the one with the strongest thermal efficiency. Importing one point of resources could produce a return of five points.

Another example was a star like Schwarzenegger. Although his thermal efficiency was not the strongest, he was still a first-rate star. Importing one point of resources could produce a return of four points.

Celine Dion was almost at the same level as Schwarzenegger. These stars worked hard to improve their abilities and improve their "thermal efficiency" while trying to find ways to open more entrances and import more resources.

There were two very important questions in this regard.

First, it was not enough to have a high thermal efficiency. No matter how powerful an engine was, it could not run without oil. There were too many people with the strength of top stars who were buried among the people, but these people were likely to spend their lives selling vegetables or living in obscurity in a small county.

Second, it was useless to have a lot of oil. No matter how much oil there was, it would be a mess if it met an oil tiger who only drank oil and did not work. For example, the sweet girl who always had top-notch resources but never became popular.

For a star like Celine Dion, her problem belonged to the first category. As long as the thermal efficiency was high enough, the more oil, the better.

And Li Mu happened to be the one with the largest oil reserves in the world.

Therefore, as soon as she heard Schwarzenegger mention Li Mu and heard him say that it was related to her, Celine Dion immediately looked forward to it.

At this time, Schwarzenegger said, "This time, Li Mu brought one of his sisters to attend my inauguration, and he specifically sent me an email saying that his sister likes you very much and wants to get to know you."

"Really?!" Celine Dion exclaimed.

This was simply a great thing that had fallen from the sky!

Hollywood stars were doing everything they could to get to know Li Mu, and now, she turned out to be the idol of Li Mu's sister, and she also wanted to get to know her. This was simply perfect!

Schwarzenegger said firmly, "Of course it's true. I called you to see your time. I want to invite Li Mu and his sister in advance to have a private dinner. If you can come to California earlier, it would be best if you can come with me."

Celine Dion hurriedly asked, "When?"

Schwarzenegger said, "Li Mu's private plane has already taken off, and it will arrive in Sacramento in about ten hours."

Celine Dion immediately said, "I was originally planning to leave tomorrow, but since that's the case, I'll get ready to leave immediately."

"That's great." Schwarzenegger said, "There's one more thing I want to ask of you."

Celine Dion hurriedly said, "Go ahead."

Schwarzenegger said, "See if there are any more memorable gifts that can be given to Sister Li Mu, such as your signed album, or other souvenirs of you."

"Oh!"

Celine Dion suddenly understood and said, "Well, I'll bring her a set of all my albums since my debut, and I'll sign them when the time comes."

Then, she asked Schwarzenegger, "Do you know the name of Mr. Li's sister?

Hua Xia's name seems to be in Chinese, and there are also alphabets in Pinyin. It's best if I can find both. I can practice how to write her name in Chinese on the plane. "

Schwarzenegger immediately said excitedly, "Celine, you've really helped me a lot!

Thank you! "

Celine Dion said with a smile, "Arnold, to be honest, I should be the one thanking you!"

Set a small goal first, such as one second. Remember: Booksellers