Chapter 1314

The weather was getting warmer.

Since returning to Yanjing, Li Mu had devoted almost all of his energy to work. He handed over almost all of the Veterans Never Die project to Liu Xinying, and the related work of the Merika Foundation was handed over to Lin Ching-ah and Elon Musk. He did not participate in the whole process.

However, although Li Mu did not participate, the Merika people and the media were particularly impressed by Li Mu's friendly gesture. After all, there was already the foreshadowing of the reunion of the old Flying Tigers. At that time, Li Mu's behavior of showing the highest respect to all the old Merika pilots was deeply sought after by the Merika people.

Later, Li Mu and Elon Musk invested 10 million USD to establish the Veterans Never Die-Merika Charity Foundation, which sent an extremely friendly signal to the Merika Foundation.

Although many charity foundations with the core idea of caring for veterans had sprung up in the United States during this period, in the hearts of the Merika people, Li Mu's Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation was the most authoritative and the most credible one.

Because of this foundation, Elon Musk became famous in the United States. Before this, Elon Musk only had a little influence in the Internet circle and the venture capital circle. Outside of this circle, ordinary Merika people did not know who he was. But now, everyone knew that Elon Musk was the founder of PayPal and Li Mu's partner.

However, when Li Mu gave this big gift to Elon Musk, he also offended many of the top Merika tycoons. These people had thrown an olive branch to Li Mu, but Li Mu rejected them very straightforwardly. Then, he chose to cooperate with Elon Musk, who was not just a level lower than them. This in itself was a matter of offending people.

Li Mu did not care about offending people. What he cared about was maximizing his own interests. Cooperating with Elon Musk might have offended a few big shots who hoped to get their hands on the "Veterans Never Die", but in exchange, it had brought back many benefits that could not be summed up in numbers for Li Mu.

For example, Elon Musk had officially become Li Mu's disciple and a part of Li Mu's big ecosystem.

For example, because Elon Musk was not famous in the United States, when the Veterans Never Die-Merika Charity Foundation was established, Li Mu's halo was not taken away by Elon Musk. If he cooperated with Bill Gates, the situation would be completely different. The Merika people were likely to admire Bill Gates more, and correspondingly, the halo that he could get would be greatly squeezed.

Another example, thanks to the establishment of the foundation, Makino Technology had now become the most popular foreign enterprise in the United States. In the eyes of the Merika, Makino Technology was not only a high-tech enterprise that changed traditional human social interaction, but also a great enterprise that constantly exported positive energy to society.

There was also a phenomenon that shocked the world, which even Li Mu had not thought of before. That was, an international authoritative public opinion survey company in the United States had released an incredible data: in recent months, the favorable impression of Hua Xia had skyrocketed from 20% to an astonishing 55%!

These years were the most hostile period between Hua Xia and the United States in the past 20 to 30 years. There were many reasons for this, including the US bombing of Hua Xia's embassy in the Yugoslav Federation, the collision in the South China Sea, and the deliberate exaggeration of the media.

In Li Mu's view, Hua Xia and the United States would be the two most important economies in the world in the future. The two countries would put aside their prejudices and cooperate for a win-win situation. However, the demonization and propaganda of Hua Xia by the US media had greatly hurt the interests of Hua Xia's people. This affected the development of Hua Xia's enterprises in the United States, as well as the social status of Hua Xia's and Hua Xia's descendants' people in the United States, as well as their daily lives.

The number of Chinese and Chinese in the United States was much higher than that of Americans in China. Moreover, the racial discrimination in the United States had never really subsided. When the overall favorable impression of the Chinese declined, there would be many obstacles and troubles for the Chinese to live in the United States. Some business owners would reject Chinese employees, some ordinary people would reject the service industry run by Chinese, and some industries and business alliances would unite to exclude the development of Hua Xia's enterprises and products in the United States, and so on.

However, with the rapid increase in favorable impression, the friendly treatment of the Chinese and Hua Xia's enterprises in the United States rapidly increased. The undying veterans made the Americans realize the history of the two countries fighting side by side. It also made the Americans realize that the people of Hua Xia were not as close to demons as the US media had made them out to be. Instead, they were made of flesh and blood, and had feelings and righteousness. Even after 50 or 60 years, the people of Hua Xia still remembered the help that the US Flying Tigers had given to the people of Hua Xia and the sacrifices that they had made for the people of Hua Xia.

There were even many Americans and the US media that openly reflected on why the people of Hua Xia had never thought about helping the veterans when they were so passionate about helping them. They would only think of the veterans on Victory Day every year, but that was only a thought. The people had never thought about what they should do for these great people.

In contrast, the people of Hua Xia had donated hundreds of millions of US dollars in a short period of time, and more than 10,000 enterprises had actively participated. This amazing data proved the gratitude of the people of Hua Xia.

Therefore, during this period of time, Chinese people in the United States often expressed their feelings on the Internet community. Some people said that during this period of time, they and their family had received unprecedented courtesy in the white community. Almost every neighbor, who had almost no communication with them in the past, took the initiative to visit with small gifts to say hello. Everyone also gathered for meals, gatherings, and parties every few days. The history of the Flying Tigers had become a topic that everyone never got tired of talking about.

A foreign student from Hua Xia said that it was difficult for them to establish friendships with native American students in school. Therefore, in most cases, the Chinese students in school formed their own cliques. However, during this period of time, the foreign student from Hua Xia began to receive courteous treatment from all American students. Many American students would take the initiative to ask if the other party was from Hua Xia when they saw an Asian student. If they received a positive answer, they would take the initiative to reach out to the Hua Xia student to express their goodwill.

A Chinese working in an American company said that in the past, he was more or less discriminated and isolated in the company. But now, he had become a very popular person in the company. Americans would often take the initiative to greet him.

According to the data released by the embassy of Hua Xia in the United States, the number of Americans applying for tourist visas to China had recently increased by more than 20 times compared to the same period last year. A large number of Americans gathered in hopes of traveling to Hua Xia. The explanation they gave was basically that it was because they saw the documentary about the Undying Veterans, so they especially wanted to visit Hua Xia.

In addition, many American non-governmental organizations were in contact with the Undying Veterans Foundation, hoping to carry out some people-to-people exchanges.

For a time, the people-to-people exchanges between the two countries reached the highest point in history, which was a huge surprise to the government of Hua Xia.

For a long time, the Western world had been constantly demonizing Hua Xia. This had the motive of dividing them into different camps, and it also had the purpose of curbing the economic development of Hua Xia. At present, Hua Xia's economy was taking off, and it was seeking a larger market on a global scale. Naturally, the Western world hoped to increase resistance to the westward expansion of Hua Xia's economy by demonizing Hua Xia.

Now, the efforts of the government over the years had been shattered by a series of blows from Li Mu.

In addition to the increasing favorability of people all over the world towards Hua Xia, what was more interesting was the huge change in the eyes of the West in another Asian country.

The Japanese government was really in a mess during this time. A Japanese conglomerate, who thought himself clever, wanted to promote the samurai spirit through the filming of "The Last Samurai," which caused Japan to be discredited all over the world. Not only did it reduce the samurai spirit to an extreme idea that was as despised as the Nazis, but it also greatly reduced the favorability of people all over the world towards Japan.

When Li Mu discredited "The Last Samurai," the examples that the Internet Water Army used on the Internet were the unforgivable crimes committed by Japan during World War II. With the exposure of these historical facts, it was inevitable that the world's favorable impression of Japan would plummet.

Unexpectedly, before Japan could recover from the extremely bad influence of "The Last Samurai," Li Mu immediately added a knife to the international image of Japan, which was already riddled with holes.

This knife was, of course, the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation.

"Flying Tigers" and the "Veterans Never Die" project had touched the world in terms of positive energy, but behind this touch, there was a history that everyone was well aware of, and that was Japan's invasion of Hua Xia and the whole of Asia during World War II.

Why were there these veterans worthy of respect?

Wasn't it because of the war of aggression launched by Japan?

Why did the people of Hua Xia donate hundreds of millions of dollars to the veterans who participated in the War of Resistance in 1937-45?

Wasn't it because Japan invaded Hua Xia at that time, and these veterans rose up to resist?

Why did America's Chennault organize a team of Flying Tigers to fight in Hua Xia, and why did they still receive the respect and gratitude of the people of Hua Xia?

Wasn't it because the Flying Tigers were the righteous forces that helped Hua Xia resist the invaders at that time?

Now, there was a global craze to find the veterans of World War II. Wasn't it because Japan, Germany, and Italy had invaded innocent countries at that time?

Speaking of the Axis Powers of World War II, Italy was a joke. No one hated Italy because they didn't really hurt many people at that time. The rest were Germany and Japan. Although Nazi Germany also committed countless crimes, the key point was that they had been repenting and atoning for their crimes all these years and never covered up the crimes they committed. For so many years, Germany had been constantly apologizing, compensating, and repenting. Most of the countries that were invaded by Germany had chosen to forgive them, but only Japan had never reflected on its war crimes. Instead, from the government to the people, they used all kinds of excuses and excuses. Therefore, when people all over the world began to commemorate the veterans of World War II, Japan naturally became the target of public criticism.

In the results of polls all over the world, the friendliness of the people towards Japan had declined sharply. Even in countries that had not been invaded by Japan, people still expressed great disappointment in Japan in the survey process out of a sense of justice.

The Japanese government and people sadly discovered that they, who once enjoyed an excellent reputation around the world, had suddenly become one of the most disappointed groups in the world because of "The Last Samurai", "Flying Tigers", and "Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation".

The Japanese people felt that Li Mu was responsible for half of Japan's international reputation today. Among the three major factors that damaged Japan's international reputation, "The Last Samurai" had nothing to do with Li Mu, but "Flying Tigers" was a co-production between Li Mu and Hollywood, so Li Mu accounted for half of it, and the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation was created by Li Mu, so Li Mu accounted for all of it, which added up to one and a half out of the three.