Chapter 172

Sun Tan was speechless at his father's accusation.

It was true that his family didn't know that he was using the Student Aid Gang to earn money. It was precisely because they didn't know that they supported him. Even his uncle, Sun Yong, had been thinking of ways to provide various benefits and conveniences to the Student Aid Gang. Now that he was exposed for using the Student Aid Gang to earn money, it was inevitable that they would be disappointed and reprimanded.

However, even though he was angry, he still had to think of a way to solve the problem. The best way out for Sun Tan now was 3321. If Li Mu could give him a place in 3321, then he would be able to make it through this crisis safely with the help of 3321's huge influence. It was a pity that Li Mu was too ruthless.

Sun Tan was worried about this, and so was his father, Sun Lianqing.

Seeing that his son was silent, Sun Lianqing didn't continue to reprimand him. He thought for a moment and said, "Contact that Li Mu again. Five million for 25% of his shares. If he's willing, he can get the money immediately. If he's not willing, then he's our enemy."

Sun Tan nodded. Five million for 25%. This was the valuation of 3321 for Li Mu. If the kid still didn't accept it, then he was really going to be our enemy.

Sun Lianqing then said, "Your uncle called this afternoon and asked you to prepare a document about the Student Aid Gang. He wants you to push the blame as far as possible and try to get the school's leaders to say that you didn't have enough supervision."

Sun Lianqing then stood up and was about to leave when he hesitated. He stopped and said seriously, "At this time, we need enough people to take the blame. The more the better."

Sun Tan immediately said, "I understand, dad. Don't worry."

When he said this, he was thinking about Wu Shuai.

That bastard who immediately registered a smurf account when something happened to him. Since you're pretending to be innocent by One Scoop Pool, then I'll smear you in front of the school's leaders!

Sun Tan immediately turned on the computer at home and wrote an email. In the email, he listed the money-making projects of the Learning Aid Association that had been exposed. He distorted the description of each project to a great extent in an attempt to clear his name as much as possible and put the blame on Wu Shuai and the others.

The main point was Wu Shuai!

Not only was Sun Tan dissatisfied with Wu Shuai, but he also knew that there was no one more suitable than Wu Shuai to take the blame for him. Even though he had planned many things, provided the channels, and took the majority of the profits, Wu Shuai had always been the one who stood out for him. He had been the one to publicize the Student Aid Gang. There were many posts by the side of One Ladle Pool that he had posted. These were all good evidence.

As he wrote more and more information, Sun Tan felt more relaxed. It was too easy to blame Wu Shuai for everything that was exposed. If he simply sent the information to the school's leaders, Wu Shuai would definitely write something to push all the blame to him. There was no point in wrangling with each other. The key was that he still had his uncle, Sun Yong, to help him. Wu Shuai, on the other hand, was useless.

At this moment, on Renmin University's campus, Wu Shuai was lying on his bed, bored to death. After leaving the Student Council and the Student Aid Gang were exposed, he had fallen from a highly sought after student council cadre to a campus profiteer that was despised by everyone. His status in the school had plummeted, and even his good friends in the dormitory had begun to deliberately keep a distance from him. As a matter of fact, on the weekends, they had all gone out to play, leaving him alone in the dormitory.

However, Wu Shuai was also glad that no matter what, he could still continue to study at the National People's Congress. The main character of the Student Aid Gang incident was Sun Tan. Most of the students' hatred was also focused on him. As a result, he had disappeared from the school. Someone gossiped that Sun Tan had made a big mess this time. The school's leaders were very unhappy, and even his uncle might not be able to protect him.

While his thoughts were running wild, the class tutor suddenly called Wu Shuai. When Wu Shuai saw the caller ID, he immediately got up from his bed and answered the call. "Hello, Teacher Chen."

"Wu Shuai, the school is now investigating the Student Aid Gang incident. There are some things that we need to understand from you. When are you free today?"

Wu Shuai asked in surprise, "Teacher Chen, isn't today the weekend?"

Teacher Chen nodded and said, "The investigation is the most important thing now. I have to work overtime on the weekend."

Wu Shuai asked tentatively, "Teacher Chen, what did the school say now?

I used to be a member of the Student Aid Gang. The school won't blame me this time, will they? "

Teacher Chen comforted him, "Don't think too much about it now. After all, you are not the founder of the Student Aid Gang, nor are you the biggest beneficiary. Come over in the afternoon and explain the Student Aid Gang incident clearly. I will fight with the school. If the situation is optimistic, I will circulate a notice of criticism. If not, at most, I will give you a big demerit."

Wu Shuai was slightly relieved. The class tutor's words were a clear indication of the worst situation he had to face. A big demerit. Although it didn't look good on the file, Wu Shuai didn't plan to take the national civil service exam. This didn't affect him much. What he was most afraid of was being expelled from the school. Now it seemed that he didn't have to worry about this.

…

At six o 'clock on Saturday night, Liu Nian packed his backpack and walked out of the dormitory. His 20-hour class on 3321 had been successfully bid by a student's parent who lived nearby. The final price of his class was 43 yuan. After the other party paid all the fees to 3321, he was going to start his part-time tutoring career.

However, there was something different about today.

There were three people "accompanying" Liu Nian as he prepared to tutor.

Among these three people, one was his roommate, Li Mu. The other two were a reporter and a cameraman from the evening news program of Yanjing TV station.

Xie Tingfang wanted Li Mu to provide a typical student as the core character of the special report. Li Mu originally hoped to let the king of 3321, Han Bowen from Yanjing University, do the special report, but Han Bowen refused on the phone. The reason for his refusal was a bit strange. Because the transaction price of his class reached an astonishing 588 yuan. A week, 20 class hours cost more than 10,000 yuan. In other words, if he maintained this trend, he would become a super gold-collar student with a monthly income of more than 40,000 yuan. Therefore, he wanted to be low-key and not appear in the media.

When Li Mu was worrying in the dormitory, Liu Nian volunteered.

At first, Li Mu did not agree. He did not want others to think that he was using Liu Nian's poor identity and special family situation. However, Liu Nian felt that it was a very meaningful thing. Moreover, he said that he called the village store at noon today. His father answered the phone. He excitedly told his father that he could earn more than 800 yuan by tutoring someone this week. When he got the money next week, he would send back 600 yuan to his family.

Earning 800 yuan a week was simply a fantasy for Liu Nian's father. Not only did he not believe it, but he also urged Liu Nian to study hard and not worry about money. He repeatedly told him that his family could afford to send him to college.

Liu Nian said that their village team had a color TV connected to a pot cover satellite dish. The villagers who did not have a TV at home would go there every night to watch TV. He had seen Yanjing TV there before. He wanted to participate in this special report because he hoped that his family could see it, believe it, and feel gratified for him.

At this point, Li Mu did not refuse again.

A female reporter named Chen Lei from Yanjing TV station also said that Liu Nian was very suitable to be the protagonist of this special report.

The reason was that Liu Nian was thin and quiet. He looked like a herbivore and did not pose any threat. He could make people relax their psychological vigilance. When the audience faced such a student, they would not have too many negative views and emotions.

Other than that, Liu Nian's situation was also very typical. He was a standard poor student, a child who came out of the mountains, and his home was so far away in Guangxi. He had a poverty certificate issued by the local government. As the highest score in the local county's college entrance examination this year, he came to Yanjing and came to the National People's Congress. Other than studying, he also had to face the burden of poverty. From the day he arrived in Yanjing, he hoped to find a part-time job. However, after the military training, he immediately fell ill, causing his condition to suddenly fall to the bottom. Until he found a good opportunity to do a part-time job. 3321.

Liu Nian was willing to do this special report, but he was more or less nervous. He hoped that Li Mu could accompany him to do this special report. The female reporter from Yanjing TV station, Chen Lei, said to Li Mu, "You are the founder of 3321, and you are also Liu Nian's roommate. You also said that when you first started 3321, it was because of the problems that Liu Nian encountered that inspired you. So, if you can also do this special report, it couldn't be better. This way, the content of our special report will be more substantial and have more tension."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and then agreed.

Since Liu Nian was willing to go on TV, it would not be right for him to hide it. Moreover, he had never planned to hide this project of 3321. Now that the first auction of 3321 had such an amazing result, it was time for him to shine on the stage and harvest a wave of faith and worship.

So, together with Liu Nian, he began this special news special report.

The special report would first follow the development of the incident, then interspersed with narration and interviews. So, at the beginning, when Liu Nian packed his bag and prepared to go out, everything was going according to his own plan. During this process, Chen Lei and the cameraman only followed and filmed, and did not do any interviews. In the future, these would be narrated in the later stages.

Out of the dormitory door, the camera followed the speed of the two people moving forward, moving back and shooting evenly.

Liu Nian said to Li Mu, "Mu Ge, let's go to the cafeteria for dinner first. The appointed time is 7 to 9 tonight, so there's still an hour left."

Li Mu nodded and tried his best to remain natural. He said, "What's the student's address?

How long will it take to get there? "

Liu Nian said, "He lives on Zhichun Road, at most 20 minutes by bus."