Chapter 736

At five in the afternoon, Li Mu and his group rushed to the Shanghai Development Bank where Zhang Weibin was. Zhang Weibin was waiting in his office. At the same time, there were already two guests in this office.

Wang Runqing treated Zhang Weibin's office as his own home. He brought Xiao Chenfeng here to drink tea and smoke, feeling very uncomfortable.

The two of them had been watching here since 4: 30, waiting to see who would come from Wan Ying Group this time. The person Wang Runqing and Xiao Chenfeng wanted to see the most was Li Mu.

Zhang Weibin was also quite nervous at this moment. He kept reviewing the lines he had prepared for Wan Ying Real Estate. For him, this time, he naturally had to stand firmly on the side of Lan Ke Real Estate. So today, he had to withstand the pressure from Wan Ying Real Estate. No matter what, he couldn't give them any chance to take advantage of him. He had to use this opportunity to let Lan Ke Group and the Wang family see his loyalty and his value.

Li Mu and his group were led by a female receptionist to Zhang Weibin's office. As soon as the door opened, Li Mu saw Wang Runqing and Xiao Chenfeng lying on the sofa in the reception area. Similarly, Wei Lan, who was beside Li Mu, also saw the two of them. Her eyes seemed to spit fire. To Wei Lan, she especially hated Xiao Chenfeng. His methods were even more disgusting and despicable than Wang Runqing's.

When Wang Runqing and Xiao Chenfeng saw Li Mu, they naturally saw Wei Lan. Wang Runqing's expression was frivolous and his eyes were frivolous as he sized up Wei Lan's body. When Xiao Chenfeng faced Wei Lan again, he did not feel any guilt for what he did before. Instead, he looked at Li Mu and Wei Lan with anger and displeasure.

When Wang Runqing saw Li Mu, he remembered what Li Mu had done during the summit meeting. He sneered at Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, we meet again."

Li Mu thought very clearly in his heart. Since the other party was from Lan Ke Group and he had taken Jun Cheng Real Estate, they were definitely enemies. So there was no need to give face to this kind of person. So, Li Mu frowned and looked at him and asked, "What is your name?

Do we know each other? "

Wang Runqing was stifled by Li Mu's words. He said coldly, "Li Zong is indeed young and vigorous, just like that day at the summit."

Li Mu retorted, "That's interesting. What does my youthful vigor have to do with you?

Why are you trying to get close to me?

Am I here to look for you today? "

Wang Runqing laughed and said, "I know you definitely didn't come to see me, and you definitely didn't expect me to be here. However, I heard that you bought all the shares of Juncheng Real Estate. Why?

Did you come all the way here today to repay Juncheng's debt? "

Wang Runqing thought that he knew Li Mu's situation like the back of his hand. It was impossible for Li Mu to take out three billion to save Jun Cheng Real Estate. Therefore, in his opinion, there were many possibilities for Li Mu to come here today, but the most unlikely one was to return the money.

Li Mu didn't answer his question. Instead, he smiled contemptuously and asked him, "Can you understand what others say?

I don't know you, and I don't want to talk to you. Why are you still talking with a straight face? "

Wang Runqing didn't expect that Li Mu didn't know how to restrain himself from the beginning. He couldn't help but threaten him, "Li, this is Shanghai, not Beijing. If you want to behave atrociously here, you have to know whose territory this is first."

Li Mu frowned and asked, "Are you crazy?

Is there something wrong with your brain?

I don't want to talk to you if I don't understand?

Why is it so difficult to communicate with a f * cking retard? "

Wang Runqing felt suffocated by Li Mu's questions. He was indeed asking for trouble from the beginning and was at a disadvantage. Li Mu didn't want to talk to him at all. At this moment, he also realized that the more he tried to talk to him, the more face he would lose.

Seeing this situation, Zhang Weibin wanted to help Wang Runqing get back some face, so he asked Wei Lan coldly, "Director Wei, why are you looking for me?

Also, you brought people to my office and spoke rudely to my guest. Isn't that too much? "

"I'm not looking for you today. Director Song and Li Zong from Wanying Real Estate are looking for you."

"Oh, Wanying Real Estate!"

Zhang Weibin slapped his forehead, "Look at my memory. I was thinking of contacting that Wanying Real Estate, but I forgot about it when I got busy."

After he finished speaking, he looked at Li Mu and Song Liang and asked with a frown, "Which one of you is the legal representative of Wanying Real Estate?"

Song Liang didn't expect a vice president of a bank to be so cocky. He said to him in a provocative tone, "I am the legal representative of Wanying Real Estate. Why, you want to look for me?"

"That's right."

Zhang Weibin glanced at Song Liang and said, "Since Wanying Real Estate has become the controlling shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate, then our creditor relationship with Juncheng Real Estate will naturally be transferred to Wanying Real Estate, right?

Wanying Real Estate owes our bank a large amount of loans, and the loans will mature in the near future. You should be aware of this matter, right? "

Song Liang wanted to say, "I'm going to bid three billion here, you bastard, and you're telling me if it's enough." But on second thought, it was Li Mu's personal show today, so he couldn't steal his lines. Thus, he said expressionlessly, "Our shareholder, Mr. Li Mu, will discuss this matter with you in detail."

Zhang Weibin had seen Li Mu's report before, so he recognized Li Mu at a glance. Thus, he looked at Li Mu and asked him, "Mr. Li, how is Wanying going to resolve the creditor relationship between Juncheng and us?"

Li Mu snorted and walked straight to the other row of sofas in the reception area and sat down. He saw a pack of Panda cigarettes in front of Xiao Chenfeng, so he directly took one out and lit it. Then, ignoring Xiao Chenfeng's surprised and angry gaze, he took a puff of the cigarette and leaned over to ask Zhang Weibin, who was sitting at the boss's table, "Since you're so domineering, you must know everything. Come, introduce me first."

Zhang Weibin cleared his throat and said with a serious expression, "The creditor relationship between Juncheng Real Estate and us is actually very clear. There are a total of six loans, totaling more than 2.85 billion yuan. Currently, the first loan is due very soon. If Juncheng Real Estate is unable to repay it, according to the contract, Juncheng Real Estate can still enjoy a six month default period. However, during the default period, there will be liquidated damages on a daily basis. The liquidated damages are 0.05% of the total debt. After six months, if the debt is still not repaid, our bank has the right to sue in court and apply for enforcement."

As he spoke, Zhang Weibin deliberately looked at Wei Lan and pointed at her. He said to Li Mu, "Actually, Miss Wei is very clear about all of this. She should have told you in detail in time. That way, you wouldn't have to make a special trip here."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Weibin pretended to think of something and blurted out, "Oh, right, Mr. Li, since Wanying Real Estate has now become the controlling shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate, from a legal perspective, it seems that we also have the right to request for enforcement of the creditor's rights. If your company refuses to perform, it seems that we can also directly sue in court and ask Wanying Real Estate to repay the debt. However, I'm not very clear about the specifics. Why don't you let your lawyer explain it to me?"

Before Li Mu could say anything, Wang Runqing, who had just suffered a setback, interrupted with a smile, "Li Zong, the acquisition doesn't just include the shares and assets. There's also the creditor's rights. Juncheng Real Estate owes the bank so much money, these debts will naturally be transferred to Wanying Real Estate."

Li Mu looked at him with a smile that didn't seem like a smile and asked, "And then?"

Wang Runqing sneered and said, "Once the creditor's rights expire and Wanying Real Estate can't repay the debt, the bank will sue Wanying Real Estate and apply to the court to use Wanying Real Estate's assets to repay the debt."

Li Mu pretended to be surprised and asked him, "Juncheng Real Estate has three ready-made buildings with a market value of at least five billion. What right do they have to sue Wanying Real Estate and use Wanying Real Estate's assets to repay the debt?"

"Young people are indeed naive."

The corner of Wang Runqing's lips curled up slightly, and he said with a threatening tone, "Let me tell you, I have many ways to make the court not support you using Juncheng Real Estate's three buildings to repay the debt. They don't support you taking those three buildings to the bank for enforcement. As long as the court insists that these three buildings are involved in a corruption case, they will continue to be seized. The seized assets can't be used to repay the debt. Therefore, when the time comes, the bank, as Wanying Real Estate's creditor, will have enough legal support to sue you in court after the loan is due and the default period has passed. They will request to use Wanying Real Estate's assets to repay the debt. At that time, when Juncheng Real Estate is seized, your own properties will also be seized!"

After saying all this, Wang Runqing snorted twice, and his tone softened. He said in a persuasive tone, "Therefore, I advise you to guard your few pieces of land in Beijing and focus on your own business. Try your best not to find trouble for yourself.

As for Juncheng Real Estate, I'll give you 400 million and take all the shares and debts from your hands. What do you think?

This way, your 800 million investment in Wei Lan can still recover half of the cost. "

Wei Lan's expression was indifferent and calm. Li Mu snorted and said, "No need, I don't need your 400 million. As for Juncheng Real Estate, you can seize it if you want. How long can you seize it for?

Half a year or a year?

As long as the corruption case is closed, Juncheng Real Estate will have to spit out the three buildings. At that time, I can naturally revitalize Juncheng Real Estate. "

Wang Runqing laughed and said, "Half a year, a year?

You think too highly of yourself!

I'll say it here today, Juncheng Real Estate's properties will be seized for at least three years! "

Li Mu frowned and asked him, "Why do you think it'll be three years just because you say so?"

Wang Runqing said arrogantly, "Because my surname is Wang, and my name is Wang Runqing!

In Shanghai, whatever I say goes! "

Li Mu's expression was extremely disdainful as he spat out four words, "Motherf * cker!" After saying that, he frowned and looked at the furious Wang Runqing. "What if it's not for three years?

Are you going to change your surname and get out of Shanghai? "

Wang Runqing gritted his teeth and said, "If it's not for three years, I'll f * cking change my surname to yours!"

"Fine, this is what you said." Li Mu turned his head and looked at Zhang Weibin. "You!

Make a call and ask your employee who's in charge of opening accounts for big clients to come up. I want to open an account with your bank! "