Chapter 169

"1,500 students have all been approved. The average price is 56 yuan per hour, and the average class time is 20 hours. The total order is 1.7 million. The highest bidder is Han Bowen, and the price is 588 yuan per hour."

Everyone on the bus was stunned by this figure. Li Mu was also a little surprised. The existence of a local tyrant was indeed not something that ordinary people could understand. The price of 588 yuan per hour was already a sky-high price that Li Mu had never thought of.

However, Li Mu thought about it again. He couldn't understand the consumption concept of the people with the highest spending power. In his previous life, many rich people would spend millions on a night at a nightclub. They could spend hundreds of thousands just to watch a girl act coquettishly in a live broadcast room. 588 yuan per hour for tutoring shouldn't be a big deal. For example, it was normal for a golf coach to charge more than 1,000 yuan for a lesson in a regular high-end golf club.

Kong Lingyu and the other employees gradually calmed down and completely accepted this unbelievable figure.

Li Mu began to calculate. The transaction amount of 1.7 million yuan already included the additional 5% from the students' parents. Later, another 5% would be deducted from the students' commission. After a rough calculation, the 3321 platform could take about 165,000 yuan as commission, and this was only the income of 1,500 college students during their free classes in a week. If the subsequent batches of college students were certified, Yan Jing alone would be a huge market, and it would be easy to earn millions of commission every month.

However, Li Mu really didn't plan to use platform 3321 to make money. This was also his trump card when facing potential competitors in the future. He didn't need to earn money to make a living, but other businessmen couldn't. Just this point alone was enough to maintain his monopoly position in the industry.

The car drove all the way back to the city. Li Mu booked a restaurant in Zhongguancun to welcome everyone. However, Li Mu didn't let everyone drink during the dinner. Because they had just arrived in Beijing, they still had a lot of things to do.

In order to let everyone settle down and get into the rhythm of work, Li Mu announced on the dinner table that everyone would be given 3,000 yuan as a rental subsidy.

Everyone would be given a rental subsidy of 3,000 yuan so that they could rent a better house or a house closer to the company. They would strive to start work in Beijing next Monday.

Kong Lingyu asked Li Mu, "Boss, since we're all here, why don't you come here?

If 3321 needs any help, just let us know. "

Li Mu waved his hand. "Project 3321 is a bit special. You only need to provide technical support behind the scenes. All the work on the surface will be done by the university students.

That way, 3321 would appear purer.

Kong Lingyu nodded. Li Mu had his own considerations. If Li Mu didn't need his help, there was no need for him to ask more.

Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu, "Did you guys keep in touch with that Lin Ching-ah that Senior Sister Ai introduced last time?"

Kong Lingyu said, "I'm keeping in touch with her. I told her that I'll be bringing the vanguard to Beijing this weekend. She said that she'll be there next Monday."

"Very good."

Li Mu nodded. "You must give her enough pressure. People who can work in a Japanese company for a few years are very good at dealing with pressure. You don't have to worry about this.

Get her involved as soon as possible. For example, the formalization of the company's departments and structure, the recruitment of subsequent positions, employee benefits, performance, rewards and punishments, as well as training. As for you, the most important thing now is to improve the technical team. The most important thing is the development team. Don't worry about money. I'll have new products for you guys to develop in the future. You can spend more, but don't screw up! "

Kong Lingyu immediately said solemnly, "Boss, don't worry.

I won't worry about money when it comes to the team. "

"Don't worry about money when it comes to marketing!"

Li Mu said, "A good leader has to be able to spend money and make money. Hurry up and gather a group of strong technical team for me.

This is the key to disrupting the internet industry. "

"Got it!"

After lunch, Li Mu handed over all the employees who had just arrived in Yan Jing to Kong Lingyu. Then, he hurried back to school. This afternoon, all the promoters of 3321 would come to verify the information of the users, so everyone was waiting for him at school.

Even Zhao Ziqiu and their friends had arrived at the National People's Congress.

Li Mu cooperated with the technical team in Jinling. He derived the bank account, and the technical team in Jinling matched it with the database.

At two o 'clock, the matching results came out. Among the 1,500 orders, 1,431 had been paid, and the payment rate was around 95%.

After the 1431 orders were sorted by address, they were immediately printed out. Li Mu sent the orders one by one to his team downstairs. He divided them into two groups and each group had its own area. Then, he began to verify the 1431 orders that had already been paid.

A team of more than 30 people was considered a large scale. However, as the number of students and parents increased, the verification work would be even more difficult. After the verification work, the customer service work would become a very important issue. Therefore, Li Mu thought that he should run 3321 like a company. At least, he needed an office space.

Su Yingxue was going to her aunt's house on the weekend, so she couldn't come today. However, she was still very concerned about the situation here. She had been texting Li Mu about the data. After receiving the feedback, she was also very excited. In the past, when she was in the team, Li Mu would go with her. Since she wasn't here today, and it was a two-person team, Li Mu was preparing to go to the area with Zhao Kang. However, when it was time to split into groups, Zhao Ziqiu walked up to Li Mu and asked him in a low voice, "Li Mu, your high school classmate didn't come?"

Li Mu nodded. "She has something to do."

Zhao Ziqiu mustered up her courage and said, "How about we team up?"

"Sure."

Li Mu didn't think too much about it and nodded in agreement. It just so happened that Han Xiaoxiao also brought along a high school classmate, and she was quite good-looking. So, Li Mu put her and Zhao Kang in the same group.

After that, Li Mu got everyone to split up. The students who were assigned to the area further away would get a taxi allowance. The area that Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were going to was located in the west district of the city center. It was considered quite far from Renmin University. So, when the two of them came out, they immediately took a taxi to the first area in the area — Beijing TV Station Family Quarters.

According to the information that Li Mu received, there were a total of four deals with Beijing TV Station Family Quarters. Two of them were from Tsinghua University, one from Peking University, and one from Second Foreign University.

The average price of the two deals from Tsinghua University was more than 150 yuan. The one from Peking University was 200 yuan, and the one from Second Foreign University was slightly cheaper at 65 yuan.

Li Mu looked at the information in his hand and said to Zhao Ziqiu, who was beside him, "Our clients should be middle to high-end clients in Beijing. It won't be long before their information is worth a lot of money."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said with a smile, "Families that can spend at least a thousand yuan a month for their children's tuition should be quite well-off. Especially those families that are willing to bid for the college entrance examination's top scorer at a price of a few hundred yuan an hour. Their spending power should be even stronger."

"That's right. In the future, as we accumulate more and more high-quality client information, it might even be of great use."

In his heart, Li Mu began to look forward to his next online payment product. Since the Taobao domain name was in his hands, he might as well use the name Alipay. The parents of the students on 3321 were the first batch of Alipay users. However, for a long time after Alipay was born, no one really paid attention to it. The valuation also didn't keep up. Therefore, Li Mu didn't plan to put Alipay into Mu Ye or 3321. He planned to take Alipay out on its own. He would register a company and solely invest in it. He would use his own money to support it until its true value was known and recognized by the outside world.

…

Xiao Jie parked his motorcycle in front of his house and hurriedly walked up the stairs. He had just gone out to transfer money. Because 3321 designated ICBC, he could only go to an ICBC office that was slightly further away. He didn't expect that there would be a dozen people waiting in line to transfer money at noon. Among them were two of his colleagues.

After asking, Xiao Jie found out that his two colleagues were also transferring money to 3321. As the three of them chatted, the other people waiting in line also chatted with them. It turned out that other than the three of them, there were five other people like them who were also transferring money to 3321.

With so many people transferring money to 3321, Xiao Jie was very surprised. 3321 had such a strong influence in the beginning. This was something he didn't expect. In fact, other people were like him. Their children's grades weren't good enough, and attending extracurricular classes didn't have much effect. Therefore, with the mentality of giving it a try, they bid on a private tutor on 3321.

Finally, after waiting in line to transfer money, Xiao Jie rode home. His wife, Xie Tingfang, was still complaining, "Why did it take so long to transfer money?

It's already been more than an hour. "

Xiao Jie said helplessly, "ICBC is a bit far, and there are a lot of people waiting in line."

"Why are there so many people waiting in line at noon?"

Xiao Jie told his wife about the situation in line just now. At the end, he sighed and said, "If only 3321 could simplify the payment process a little."

Xie Tingfang shook her head and said, "We parents don't have the right to speak in front of their website. For the sake of our children, we have to follow their requests no matter how troublesome it is."

Xiao Jie smiled and said, "I partially agree with your point of view. Generally speaking, you're right. Businessmen are all like this. When you're strong, they chase after you. When they're strong, you chase after them."

As he said this, Xiao Jie paused and said, "But I feel that this 3321 is still very ambitious. Although they are very smart when it comes to auctions, it doesn't have a strong sense of business. Also, they have publicly stated that the commission isn't for making money, but for basic operating funds. If there's extra, they can set up a university scholarship fund. Therefore, I believe that once they realize the problem of payment, they will find a way to improve."

Xie Tingfang thought for a moment and nodded. "You're right." (To be continued.)

PS: