Chapter 834

The next morning, Zhao Xianliang got up and practiced a set of Taiji Fist in the yard.

In the past few years, Zhao Xianliang began to accept his old age. In order not to let his body enter old age prematurely, he also began to pay attention to exercise and health. As long as he was in Hangzhou, he would practice Taiji Fist in his yard for half an hour every morning, which had become his unshakable habit.

Zhao Ziqiu's villa could be regarded as the best in the whole Hangzhou. It was adjacent to the West Lake, and it was the high-end villa area with the least tourists and the most quiet environment. In the future, the villas here could be regarded as one of the most expensive villa areas in the country, and there were only a few of them, so they were extremely popular.

After Zhao Xianliang finished practicing Taiji Fist, his wife, Xie Yun, had just come back from running by the West Lake. It was just half past seven. Xie Yun entered the door and said to Zhao Xianliang while slightly out of breath, "The weather is very good today. Do you want to call Ziqiu later? Let's go to Phoenix Mountain with our family of three?"

Zhao Xianliang flicked his sleeves and finished the Taiji Fist with great momentum. He said, "Okay, it's not easy to have a free weekend. We have to make good use of it."

At this time, the family's servant came out and said respectfully to the two of them, "Sir, Madam, breakfast is ready."

Xie Yun nodded and asked her, "Is Ziqiu up?"

The servant shook her head and did not speak. Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "During the summer vacation, how many days did your daughter get up before nine o 'clock?"

Xie Yun said, "I'll go and wake her up. Let's come down and eat something together. Then we'll go hiking."

This was the advantage of the West Lake. It was surrounded by mountains and water, so it was really comfortable to live here. There was water when you went out and mountains when you turned a corner.

Needless to say, the scenery of West Lake was famous all over the country. The key was that it was not far from the center of Hangzhou City. Most importantly, this city itself was relatively developed. Therefore, it was hard to find a second first-tier or second-tier city with such an environment in the center of a developed city. This was also the reason why more and more rich people came to live in Hangzhou City. In the future, Li Mu had occasionally come to Hangzhou City on business. The probability of receiving various supercars on the streets of Hangzhou City was much higher than that of Yan Jing and Shanghai City.

After the couple entered the house, Xie Yun was about to go upstairs to wake Zhao Ziqiu up. Unexpectedly, Zhao Ziqiu, who was dressed neatly, ran down the stairs happily.

Zhao Ziqiu happened to see her parents entering the house. She greeted them with a smile, "Good morning, Mom and Dad."

Xie Yun was surprised to see Zhao Ziqiu running over. She teased, "The sun really rose from the west today. Why are you up so early, you lazy bum?"

Zhao Ziqiu's face was full of joy as he said, "I have good news to tell you."

Xie Yun and Zhao Xianliang looked at each other and asked her, "What's the good news so early in the morning?"

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lower lip and said shyly, "Li Mu came today …"

As soon as Xie Yun heard this, a surprised smile immediately appeared on her face. She was obviously very happy and said, "Well, this guy finally found his conscience."

Zhao Ziqiu defended Li Mu and said, "He is busy. Look at my father, he is so busy running a business. Li Mu is busy at the same time!"

Zhao Xianliang looked a little depressed. He snorted and said to Xie Yun, "See? He is helping Li Mu to humiliate his father."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "My daughter is right. Don't you know how many companies and businesses Li Mu has?"

Zhao Xianliang nodded dejectedly and said, "Yes, yes, of course I know …"

At first, he asked someone to investigate Li Mu's background, but he didn't expect that Li Mu's background would be revealed, which made him lose face. Zhao Xianliang had always regretted it. He felt that he was good-looking, but he always felt that his face was ugly when someone wore a mask. He insisted on tearing it off, but when he tore it off, he found that the person was more beautiful than him, which was too embarrassing.

Xie Yun knew that Zhao Xianliang must be uncomfortable, but she didn't care about him. In her opinion, Zhao Xianliang was a little too sensitive to his daughter, and he was too protective of her.

If he always had this mentality, it would be difficult for him to accept Li Mu. If he didn't change his mind, he would suffer more blows from Li Mu in the future.

The reason why she thought so was that Xie Yun could see it clearly. Strictly speaking, Li Mu's current assets had basically left Zhao Xianliang behind. In the future, he would only leave him further behind. At this speed, if Zhao Xianliang wanted to surpass Li Mu, it would be difficult for him to retire at 100 years old, let alone retire at 80 years old.

Therefore, Xie Yun asked Zhao Ziqiu, "When will Li Mu come?

Mom will go to the airport with you to pick him up. "

"Really?"

Zhao Ziqiu happily rushed up and hugged Xie Yun's arm. She said, "Li Mu will come at five in the afternoon. He said he wants to invite you and dad to dinner."

Xie Yun said, "How can I let him invite me? Mom will arrange it in the evening. It's at Hangxuan Residence across the lake."

Hangxuan Residence was a very high-end private club by the West Lake. It was also a real high-end consumer place in Hangzhou. It was not far from Zhao Ziqiu's home. You could walk or drive there. It would take 20 minutes to walk, and 10 minutes to drive.

Zhao Xianliang's face was a little ugly. He said, "No matter what, he is still a junior. You still have to go to the airport to pick him up?

Can't you just let Ziqiu go? "

Xie Yun deliberately refuted him, "It's Li Mu's first time coming here. We must pay attention to etiquette. It will be five o 'clock when he gets off the plane. It will take at least six o' clock to pick him up. If there is a little traffic jam, it will be six thirty or seven o 'clock. It's just the time for dinner. So, we won't bring him home at that time. We'll go to Hangxuan Residence for dinner first. You are the head of the family, so you don't have to go to the airport with us to pick him up. You can order the food and wait at Hangxuan Residence."

When Zhao Xianliang heard this, he was even angrier. You two go to pick him up, and I go to the restaurant to order the food and wait?

Is Li Mu the emperor?

Such a high treatment!

"Let Ziqiu go to pick him up. You wait at the restaurant with me. We are the host, so we should act like the host. Sit in the private room and let this brat see us as soon as he opens the door. He will stand, we will sit, and he will greet us as soon as he enters the door. This is the proper way!"

Xie Yun curled her lips. "I don't listen to you. You can be the host at the restaurant. I will go to the airport with Ziqiu. It's settled."

Zhao Xianliang didn't expect his wife to go against him. If he was a little uncomfortable at the beginning, he was really a little angry now. However, he couldn't directly blow up at his wife. After all, this kind of thing was his guilty conscience. If Li Mu wasn't so abnormal, how could he have such a subtle and tangled inner drama?

At this time, Xie Yun smiled and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Let's go. Let's have breakfast first. I just told your father that after breakfast, the three of us will go to Phoenix Mountain as a family of three. The weather is good today."

"Okay!"

Zhao Ziqiu was in a good mood. The weather was so good. It was definitely a good choice to go to Phoenix Mountain as it was not so hot in the morning.

She didn't expect Zhao Xianliang to change his mind at this time. He said with a straight face, "You two go. I won't go."

Xie Yun asked him, "Old Zhao, why did you suddenly change your mind?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "I'm not feeling well. I twisted my waist when I was boxing just now."

Xie Yun said, "How can you lie with your eyes open? Weren't you full of energy when I came back just now?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "I twisted my waist just now."

After that, Zhao Xianliang said again, "Aiya, my waist hurts. I went to the study to lie on the recliner and read."

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this, she hurriedly asked, "Dad, are you okay?"

Xie Yun quietly pulled her sleeve and whispered, "Don't worry about him." Then, she asked Zhao Xianliang, "You don't want to eat?"

"No, I don't have an appetite."

Zhao Xianliang resentfully went upstairs, but his steps were steady. He didn't look like he had twisted his waist.

Xie Yun pulled Zhao Ziqiu to the dining room to eat breakfast. Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask her, "Mom, what's wrong with my dad?

He's weird. He doesn't seem very happy. "

Xie Yun smiled and said, "Your dad's heart is sour. It's okay. You don't have to care about him."

Zhao Ziqiu wanted to ask more, but she quickly realized that her dad was unhappy because of Li Mu.

Thinking of this, Zhao Ziqiu whispered, "Mom, is my dad still not satisfied with Li Mu?"

Xie Yun said, "How should I put it? He's not satisfied with me."

Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but feel a little wronged. At the same time, she also felt a little guilty. She couldn't help but ask, "Why is he not satisfied with Li Mu?

Is it because of me and Li Mu … so he's disappointed with me? "

Seeing that her daughter was overthinking, Xie Yun hurriedly put down her chopsticks and said seriously, "Don't think too much. Your dad and I are not disappointed with you. You're already an adult. Moreover, you're a girl with your own ideas, so your parents will respect your choice."

"Then my dad, he …"

Xie Yun touched Zhao Ziqiu's hair and said lovingly, "Your dad is sour because Li Mu is too outstanding. Don't be fooled by your dad's calmness on the surface. In fact, he's very narcissistic. He always thinks that he's very powerful for starting from scratch. But compared with Li Mu, the gap is really amazing, so he's not balanced."

Hearing this, Zhao Ziqiu finally understood why her father had a problem with Li Mu. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry for a moment.

Xie Yun said with a smile, "Hurry up and eat. After that, accompany mom to climb the mountain."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and took a sip from the glass of milk.

Xie Yun thought of something and asked her, "How long will Li Mu be here this time?"

Zhao Ziqiu said with a blank face, "He didn't tell me."

Xie Yun asked again, "There are so many empty rooms in our house. Do you think he will agree to live in our house?"

Zhao Ziqiu asked nervously, "Will my dad agree?"

Xie Yun said, "Don't worry. I'll mention it to Li Mu. Your dad won't dare to say a word."

Zhao Ziqiu hesitated for a moment and said, "Li Mu has already booked a hotel. I think it's better not to make my dad unhappy."