Chapter 98

After finishing the opening glass of wine, First Uncle asked the question in his mind.

"Hey, Daoping, did you and your wife take Haohao's mother to the south some time ago?"

Papa Lee nodded. "Yes, Big Brother. We went to attend a training."

First Uncle frowned like a dried chrysanthemum. "What training did you go all the way to attend? Did you have nothing better to do?

What training?

Did you go for a multi-level marketing? "

Then, before Papa Lee could answer, First Uncle said angrily, "Also, you took Haohao's mother away. What about our parents? Have you thought about it?

Second Brother can't take care of himself, and Haohao has to worry about. "

Li Mu had a lot of opinions about First Uncle's way of doing things. His attitude had always been like this. To be honest, Li Mu had long been displeased. However, at this time, Li Mu didn't interrupt. He wanted to see how his father would deal with his angry face.

Li Daoping had always felt wronged in front of Xiao Yunjian. Because of the old things, Xiao Yunjian had always been sarcastic and sarcastic to him. He would always act as if he was the wisest person in the family and criticize and order him around. In the past, Li Daoping really didn't have much ability, and he didn't have the face to refute in front of Xiao Yunjian. He could only accept it. However, things were different now. He didn't have the ability, but his son did. His son paid for the store and sent his wife and sister-in-law to training. It was all for making money. What did it have to do with him?

Did it cost you a penny?

Li Daoping pretended to be casual when he realized that he was going to announce the opening of the clothing store at the dinner table. "Big Brother, Yunfang and I have been talking about opening a clothing store, right? That's why we went to Wen City to attend the store management training for half a month. Moreover, we won't be able to manage the store on our own in the future. That's why I asked Haohao's mother to come and help us."

After hearing this, Li Mu gave his father countless thumbs up in his heart.

He didn't know if his father had learned to be smart, or if he had always been smart, but he just didn't show it.

Li Mu himself couldn't figure it out because he had never seen his father do this in his previous life. He was obviously setting up a trap for his uncle and aunt!

First Uncle's question was a little interrogative, and the meaning behind it was very clear. Anyone with an IQ above ten years old would probably be able to understand it. In other words, not only did his parents not do their proper work, but they also dragged Li Mu's little aunt along with them, delaying her from taking care of Li Mu's maternal grandparents.

However, his father didn't explain it immediately. He purposely brought up the past and brought up the plan of opening a clothing store that was ridiculed and attacked at the dinner table. He didn't talk about the scale, the franchise, or the brand, but only vaguely mentioned that they were going to attend the training in the south. In fact, he was releasing a smokescreen to his uncle, so that he would be more certain that his parents were fooling around.

Sure enough, Papa Lee's explanation was simply unreasonable to Xiao Yunjian. He immediately put on his dignity as the head of the family and said with a frown, "Even if you really open a clothing store, you can handle it by yourself. At most, you two can handle it together. Why do you still need help?

Alright, let's not talk about asking for help first. The three of you from the National People's Congress went all the way to Wen City to attend some stupid training for half a month. Do you have nothing better to do?

How much would it cost for the three of you to eat and live for half a month?

What kind of training would you need to open a lousy clothing store?

I think your brains must have been squeezed by the door. "

After that, First Uncle pointed at Youngest Aunt and said to Papa Lee, "You also know the situation of Second Brother's family. Second Brother's unit's performance is average, and Haohao's mother's job isn't stable. The family is under a lot of pressure. You brought her so far away, how much did she have to spend?"

Youngest Aunt could not stand by and watch. She immediately said, "Big Brother, Second Sister and Second Brother-in-law brought me to attend the training, and they didn't let me spend a single cent for so many days. Moreover, when Second Sister and Second Brother-in-law's store opens, I'll work for them. They'll pay me 2,000 yuan a month."

"What, how much?

2,000 yuan a month? "

This time, not only First Uncle, but the other people at the table who didn't know the truth were all shocked. 2,000 yuan a month was definitely a ridiculously high salary in Haizhou, let alone working in a clothing store. It was simply unimaginable!

First Uncle looked at Papa Lee in disbelief. Youngest Aunt, who was sitting not far away, was also dumbfounded. She stared at Papa Lee so hard that her eyeballs almost fell out.

"Daoping, you're paying Haohao's mother 2,000 yuan a month?

Can you even earn 2,000 yuan a month by opening a clothing store? "First Uncle looked at Papa Lee as if he was looking at a fool.

Youngest Aunt also sneered, "I say, Second Brother-in-law, what kind of clothing store are you planning to open?

Working for you and paying you 2,000 yuan a month, I might as well sell the store and work for you. "

Papa Lee said with a serious face, "I don't have the final say in this matter. Haohao's mother is the store manager, and she's the one who decides to hire people. Moreover, the store has already hired enough people."

Youngest Aunt frowned and thought to herself, 'Keep bragging. You can even blow up a piece of leather that's as thick as a finger!

Store manager? Hiring more people? Hiring enough people?

Who are you trying to fool? '

"Second Brother-in-law, aren't you afraid of biting your tongue? I'm curious, when is your clothing store opening?

I'll send you a flower basket when the time comes. "Youngest Aunt's expression was already a little disgusted.

Papa Lee didn't mind. He scratched his head and smiled, then said casually, "It'll open tomorrow, at the west gate."

"Wow!"

What kind of place was the west gate?

Although Haizhou hadn't truly formed a modern and fashionable pedestrian street, the west gate had indeed begun to take shape. The limited number of specialty stores in Haizhou were all opened at the west gate, and it was definitely the most high-end location in Haizhou's clothing industry.

Li Mu felt that his father was already secretly showing his fangs.

Li Mu's Eldest Aunt asked in surprise, "To open a store at the west gate, it'll cost at least 200,000 yuan, right?"

Papa Lee nodded, but didn't say the specific figure.

This time, Eldest Uncle and Youngest Aunt's hearts were really in turmoil.

200,000 yuan?

Clothing store?

West gate?

Li Daoping?

These four keywords, the first three didn't seem out of place no matter how they were combined, but when any one of them was combined with Li Daoping, it was unbelievable. If all four of them could be combined, it would simply be a fantasy story.

Youngest Aunt was shocked and thought to herself, 'He's so specific. If it's a lie, it'll be too easy to see through. Could it be true?

But how could Li Daoping have 200,000 yuan to open a clothing store?

It doesn't make sense! '

Eldest Uncle had the same thought. Previously, he was very suspicious when he heard that Li Daoping had made some money from selling thermal coal. This was because everyone knew about the situation at the West Ridge Mine. How could Li Daoping get thermal coal from there?

If he was so capable, he wouldn't have been promoted for so many years, and he wouldn't have voluntarily applied to be laid off.

God, I can't figure it out. I still can't figure it out even after my brain cells died.

Youngest Aunt was indignant and asked, "Second Brother-in-law, the west gate is only a 7-8 minutes walk from here. Why don't you bring us to your store after dinner?"

"Sure."

Li Daoping nodded without hesitation. "If you want to go after dinner, I'll bring you there. It just so happens that you've been in the clothing business for so many years. Come and give me some pointers and ideas."

Youngest Aunt nodded absent-mindedly. Her heart was already filled with all kinds of conflicting ideas.

For this meal, other than Eldest Uncle, his wife, and Youngest Aunt, everyone else enjoyed the meal.

Li Mu couldn't wait for the second half of the meal. He had to admit that his father's ability to put on airs was indeed extraordinary. It was much more profound than his own!

If he were to put on airs, he would at most let Eldest Uncle and Youngest Aunt show off first. Then, he would calmly tell them that he had opened a Metersbonwe store. Then, he would let them be in a mess at the dining table while he went to eat. However, in comparison, his father's version was still more powerful. He would first set up a trap and then show weakness. He would put on a "Come, come, come, please start showing off to your heart's content" attitude. He would let the other party show off first and then slowly stimulate the other party's appetite. When the other party had enough of showing off, he would then deal the final blow.

The older the ginger, the spicier. Li Mu himself couldn't wait to see what kind of expression his eldest uncle and youngest aunt would have when they saw the Metersbonwe store that was close to 170 square meters.

After the meal, Papa Lee still pretended to be ignorant. He smiled and said as he drank the last glass of wine, "Why don't we learn from the youngsters and go to the KTV tonight and sing a song?"

Before the others could say anything, Eldest Uncle waved his hand and said, "Ah, what song? Daoping, didn't you say that you would bring us to your store to take a look?

You can't be thinking of going back on your word, right? "

Youngest Aunt thought to herself, Hmph, he's thinking of going back on his word!

He probably just had some wine to brag just now. Now, he wanted to change the topic and avoid it. You've already bragged, and you still want to go back on your word? Dream on!

Thus, Youngest Aunt said in a clear voice, "Second Brother-in-law, the Xiao family is tone deaf and not suitable for singing. I think you should just bring us to your store to take a look."

Father Li's expression showed some confusion and hesitation. His eldest uncle and youngest aunt noticed it and were secretly delighted. Sure enough, after putting on a show, he didn't know how to end it.

They didn't understand Papa Lee, but Li Ma did.

At first, Li Ma didn't want to stop her husband. After all, both of them had gone overboard with her husband for so many years, and she didn't feel good about it either. Therefore, it was only right for her husband to take the opportunity to embarrass them. However, she felt that her husband had gone overboard. After all, they were her biological brother and sister. If he slapped their faces too hard, Li Ma would feel bad.