Chapter 326

Li Mu, along with Zhao Kang and Makino Technology, registered a new company called Storm Entertainment with a 6: 2: 2 equity ratio, with Li Mu owning 60% of the shares. The reason for this name was not that Li Mu wanted to imitate Blizzard Video and Audio, but in his own way, to pay homage to Blizzard.

Li Mu had great respect and faith for this company that created top games like Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo, and World of Warcraft. Since it was not appropriate to call it Blizzard directly, he decided to call it Storm. Maybe in the future, he could really combine Storm and Blizzard.

Lin Ching-ah and South Korea's Wangchan soon got in touch, and both parties agreed to have a formal business meeting at the end of the month. Lin Ching-ah brought her team to South Korea to discuss the dealership of "Miracle MU" with Wangchan. Before she left, Lin Ching-ah also helped Li Mu set up another connection. She and Li Mu's common senior, Liu Xiaodong, who was still in the CD business, took the initiative to find Lin Ching-ah and wanted to meet Li Mu.

Lin Ching-ah conveyed Liu Shixiong's intention to meet to Li Mu. From her tone, it seemed that Liu Shixiong was looking forward to meeting her.

Naturally, Li Mu could not miss such a good opportunity to meet an amazing person, especially when the amazing person had not really become famous yet, so he gladly agreed.

Therefore, on the day before Lin Ching-ah left for South Korea, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong sat face to face for the first time under her matchmaking.

In Li Mu's memory, he had seen Liu Shixiong at least three or four times. Except for the last time at the gala, the other times were in his previous life. When he came to Yanjing to work as a coder, he admired him for a period of time and went to two of his lectures. Later, because of his work, he was invited to attend a supplier conference in Jingdong, where Liu Shixiong also gave a speech on stage.

However, it was indeed the first time that the two of them sat face to face at the same table.

Moreover, what surprised Li Mu was that he had been restraining himself so that he would not show his excitement in front of Liu Shixiong, but Liu Shixiong could not hide his excitement and excitement in front of him. Li Mu even saw some respect in his eyes.

Although Liu Shixiong was older than Li Mu by a few years, he was really humble in this meeting. The reason was that Li Mu's current achievements were far above his, and he did not know what his future achievements would be. Therefore, in his eyes, this junior brother in front of him was many times more amazing than him. In front of him, he was humbly asking for guidance.

With Lin Ching-ah introducing each other in the middle, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong quickly became familiar. Li Mu picked up a glass of beer and said to him, "Brother Qiang, let me toast to you."

Liu Shixiong hurriedly picked up his glass with one hand and gently raised the bottom of Li Mu's glass with the other. He said modestly, "Brother Qiang, let me toast to you!"

As he said that, Liu Shixiong raised Li Mu's glass and lowered his own. He tilted the rim of his glass and clinked glasses with Li Mu's. The rim of his glass was always one or two centimeters lower than Li Mu's.

Li Mu said, "Brother Qiang, you're my senior. If you're still treating me like an outsider, then it's really not right. I'm so much younger than you, aren't you giving me a hard time?"

Senior Brother Liu hurriedly said, "That's what I should do. You're so outstanding in the Internet field, and I've heard about it for a long time. Today, I asked Qingya to treat you to dinner because I want to learn from you and understand some relevant experience."

In Li Mu's memory, Liu Shixiong had used his programming skills to earn his first bucket of gold when he was still in school. He could be said to be the first group of people in the country to come into contact with Internet technology. He entered the industry earlier than Alibaba's President Ma, who only understood what the Internet was after a trip to the United States in 1995. Moreover, he entered the industry with the technical side, so it could be said that his foundation was quite good.

Therefore, when Liu Shixiong said that he wanted to learn from him, Li Mu was quite embarrassed. He also humbly said that his understanding of the Internet was only so-so, but Liu Shixiong had already started using the Internet to make money when he was in university. Liu Shixiong had entered the industry much earlier than Li Mu.

However, Liu Shixiong shook his head and sighed, "At that time, I learned a bit of programming skills by myself out of personal interest. But later, I found that relying on technology in the Internet field didn't make much progress, so I switched to making burners and optical discs. Until now, I'm still mediocre."

Li Mu said with a smile, "I heard that Brother Qiang, you've opened several stores now. Your revenue should have reached a certain scale, right?"

Liu Shixiong smiled bitterly and said, "It's better if you don't call me Brother Qiang. If you don't mind, just call me Senior Brother. It sounds more intimate."

Li Mu nodded. Liu Shixiong said, "There's not much profit margin in the real economy. Whether it's in Zhongguancun or other electronic cities, the profit margin in the opto-magnetic field is fixed. It'll only be less, not more. Originally, I thought that my current business was not bad, but after seeing the rise of Makino Technology, I realized that what I'm doing now can't be considered a business at all. It's just a business that buys low and sells high. Therefore, I also want to try the Internet. But to be honest, I only know a little bit about the Internet at the basic level. I don't know anything about real business models, products, users, or operations. Therefore, I want to get to know you. If there's a chance in the future, I'll learn more from you."

Li Mu said, "Senior Brother, if you have any ideas about the Internet, we can discuss it. We can't talk about learning. Who knows, you might suddenly come up with a business model that's better than what I'm doing now."

Liu Shixiong smiled and had a better impression of Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Actually, I've been thinking about it for the past few days. I have a rough business model, but it's still not mature yet …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's fine. Tell me, and I'll give you some advice."

Liu Shixiong said, "Then I'll roughly tell you. You see, I'm mainly doing opto-magnetic products now. A large portion of my sales are consumables, and a large portion of my sales are from old customers. I'm not good at developing new customers. I want to try and see if I can sell my opto-magnetic products online. I'll start from Beijing. Users in Beijing can order online, and after I receive the order, I'll arrange for someone to deliver the products to their doorstep and collect the payment."

Li Mu was stunned. Wasn't this the prototype of JD.com's B2C e-commerce business?

But in his previous life, JD.com changed to B2C because of SARS. Customer flow and sales dropped sharply, forcing Liu Xiaodong to move his opto-magnetic products online to make up for the impact of SARS. It was then that he gradually built JD.com up. First, it was opto-magnetic, then it was the popular computer hardware, 3C home appliances, and then it was JD.com that blossomed in the future.

Logically speaking, the trigger for Liu Xiaodong's idea was SARS in 2003. Why did it trigger at the beginning of 2002?

Li Mu thought about it. The reason could only be him.

It could also be that Liu Xiaodong was doing well in the opto-magnetic business. If it wasn't for SARS in 2003 that forced him to a dead end, he wouldn't have started to innovate in e-commerce. But now, a junior of his, a kid who wasn't even 20 years old, suddenly started an internet company and created two trump cards that swept the country. In just half a year, they were estimated to be worth hundreds of millions. This reality deeply touched him, causing him to abandon his complacency and start to seek a bigger breakthrough. In the end, he came up with the idea of e-commerce more than a year in advance.

After figuring this out, Li Mu was so excited that he wanted to slap the table.

There was no other reason. Liu Xiaodong was thinking about the internet in advance, and the reason was because of him. This was the best time for him to trick him.

Therefore, Li Mu thought for a while and said, "Senior, to be honest, your project is going to focus on assets right from the start. It's not optimistic!"

Liu Shixiong asked him curiously, "Heavy assets?

How do I put it? "

Li Mu counted with his fingers and said one by one, "Look, you want to do online e-commerce. That's not a big problem. You just need to invest in product development. But you also need to sell and deliver the goods yourself. In that case, you need to have your own warehouse and your own delivery system. You're doing physical business, so you should have your own warehouse. I won't talk about that for now. But let's talk about delivery. Just for a place as big as Beijing, you need to prepare a delivery team of at least ten people, right?

How much will the salary be?

In order to ensure speed and efficiency, the delivery team will need a motor vehicle, right?

Will a van be enough?

How many motorcycles do you need to buy?

How much will the cost alone be?

We haven't even started yet, but we have to invest so much money first. This is the direction of heavy assets I'm talking about. "

When Liu Shixiong heard this, his expression immediately turned bitter.

There was a world of difference between a person's state of mind when they were in a good situation and when they were in a bad situation. The problems that Li Mu mentioned sounded really serious and risky to Liu Shixiong. But in 2003, Liu Shixiong had no choice but to cut off all means of retreat. Unfortunately, he did not have the determination to cut off all means of retreat at the moment.

Therefore, Liu Shixiong asked Li Mu awkwardly, "Then what do you think we should do?

Entrust the delivery to the post office? "

The current express delivery industry was still very backward. Be it Shentong or SF Express, they could only form a small-scale logistics and transportation network in a small area in the country. Other than the post office, no one could reach a national scale. So when people thought of the express delivery industry, the only thing they could think of was the post office.

Li Mu said again, "The cost of the post office is not cheap. Ordinary mail is cheap, but the time is too slow. Users will definitely not be able to accept it. But the speed of express delivery has increased, but the price has increased. How much do you think a CD costs?

How much do ten CDs cost?

But the delivery cost of ten CDs might cost a few yuan. Will users be willing to pay these few yuan? "

If Li Mu said this a few years later, people would think that he was stupid. But now that he said it, it was indeed a thought-provoking problem.