Chapter 1557

Li Mu roughly understood the intention of the Queen's words.

William was the future Crown Prince, so he was naturally the focus of the entire royal family's training.

Although the royal family no longer had the right to directly manage the country, it was still the symbol of the country and deeply loved by the people. Therefore, the royal family not only hoped to enhance the entire royal family's influence in the country, but also hoped to cultivate a real talent to enhance the people's respect and love for the royal family.

William was now young, and there was no doubt that he was the next generation that the entire royal family valued the most.

If William followed the same path as his father's generation and joined the royal army after graduation, then his ceiling would be obvious at a glance, and it would be difficult for him to make a real breakthrough. Therefore, in the Queen's eyes, if she hoped that William could carry the royal family's banner, she must ensure that William could find a growth path that was different from other members of the royal family.

That was why the Queen invited him to Buckingham Palace as a guest. It seemed that her greatest intention was that he could guide and even help William find a new development direction.

William also understood his grandmother's intention. A long time ago, he had been thinking about whether he could change to a new direction and do something different from the previous members of the royal family. It would be best if he could make enough contributions to society to enhance the public's impression of the royal family and enhance the royal family's influence.

However, to make a major and subversive breakthrough in personal positioning and development was equivalent to building a tall building from the ground. The difficulty was no less than that of making an ordinary white-collar worker grow into a billionaire.

The Windsor family had enough money and enough influence, but even so, they did not have the ability to cultivate a real young leader. William was still at the stage of "trying not to let the people down".

In such a situation where he was unable to make a breakthrough, he needed a strong external help. In the eyes of the Windsor family, no one was more suitable to be this strong help than Li Mu.

Not to mention anything else, even if he helped William on a project like Project 3321, it would be enough for William to carry the banner of the domestic youth leader. Therefore, they attached great importance to Li Mu and urgently needed Li Mu to bring new imagination space to the young royal crown prince's personal development.

After understanding this, Li Mu glanced at William and then at the Queen. He said with a smile, "Your Majesty, I very much agree with your point of view. If a member of the royal family wants to become the spiritual leader of a country, then he must make achievements beyond the individual. Joining the army in wartime is a good choice, but joining the army in peacetime is definitely not a smart choice. On the one hand, in peacetime, soldiers do not receive enough attention. On the other hand, the people have long been used to peaceful life, and the worship of force and soldiers is at its lowest. Joining the army now, no matter how hard he works, in the eyes of the people, will be nothing."

The Queen particularly agreed and said, "You are very right. My biggest hope for William now is that he can find a new direction, a direction that can magnify his ability by several times or even dozens or hundreds of times."

With that, the Queen looked at Li Mu expectantly and said with a smile, "Mr. Li, I think you should be the most experienced in this problem. So, what do you think?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "If the royal family hopes that William can change to a new direction, I think this is a very good opportunity."

"Oh?"

The Queen's expression immediately became very expectant. She asked, "The good opportunity that Mr. Li mentioned, what do you mean specifically?"

Li Mu said, "William now has six or seven million followers on Twitter, right?"

At this moment, William interrupted, "More than 7.2 million."

Li Mu nodded and said, "More than seven million followers is a very large number. This means that each of your Twitter posts and each of your views expressed through Twitter has more than seven million direct recipients. If the views that you convey can move the netizens, then there will be a large number of secondary and tertiary dissemination among these seven million people … This means that you have already become a very powerful online independent media."

The Queen, William, and the other members of the royal family nodded in agreement, but they did not say anything. They looked forward to what Li Mu was going to say next.

Li Mu paused for a moment and said, "Since you already have such a strong fan base, what direction do you want to develop in next?

My suggestion is to first become an opinion leader in the world of the Internet. "

"Opinion leader?"

Everyone looked a little puzzled. They could not quite accurately grasp this term that was widely spread on the Internet in the future.

Li Mu explained, "An opinion leader is a small group of people who can provide constructive information, opinions, and views to others in certain aspects. These people have their own unique advantages in certain aspects, strong credibility, and a base of audiences.

"For example, Beckham has enough advantages in football and sports. In this field, he has a large number of fans and audiences. If he passes on opinions about sports to the audience, there is a high probability that it will be accepted by the audience. If he promotes a sports brand, then his fans will bring a lot of sales to the brand, which will then increase the brand's influence in the entire sports industry.

"As for Beckham's wife, she has a large number of fans and audiences in the fashion field. She also has a very strong influence in fashion, luxury, and trendy products. She can definitely be considered an opinion leader in the fashion field."

At this point, Li Mu looked at William and said with a smile, "William, since you're a member of the royal family and wish to bring change to the royal family and the country, why don't you use Twitter to build yourself into an opinion leader in the fields of politics, economics, or social development, or even education, charity, and welfare?"

All the members of the royal family were overjoyed when they heard Li Mu's suggestion. Although they were aware of the importance of Twitter, it was still a new thing, so they had not studied Twitter deeply enough. They only knew that they had to maintain William's fans on Twitter, but they had never figured out what direction to take. Li Mu's words had given them a lot of inspiration.

At this time, Li Mu added, "However, my suggestion is that it's best to choose only one entry point and then develop it vertically. If you choose too many, it's easy to cause the power to be scattered. It's better to just attack one point, go deep, go through, and go through!"

The Queen nodded in admiration and said, "Mr. Li's thinking is very clear. In contrast, our thinking patterns have always been a little confusing, and it's always difficult to find the key point."

After saying that, the Queen asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, which entry point do you think William is more suitable to start from?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Education!"

Seeing that everyone was waiting for his detailed explanation, Li Mu continued, "There are two more prominent characteristics of William's audience on the Internet:

"The first characteristic is that he's young. As most of his fans are directed through my Twitter, 80% of the users who follow William are youths aged 16 to 24. For this group, they don't pay attention to the world's situation, much less the politics of a country. What they really care about is things that are closely related to them, and education is one of them.

"The second characteristic is that they have a higher level of education. At present, the main soil of the Internet is in developed countries and a few developed countries in China. Users who are proficient in operating computers and are connected to the Internet have a higher level of education than Internet citizens. They also pay more attention to education than other groups in society.

"Therefore, after analyzing these two points, the best entry point for William to become an opinion leader on Twitter is the field of education. He can judge the advantages and disadvantages of the current education model and constantly put forward some suggestions and suggestions for improvement. If he can resonate with these fans, then the first step can be considered a success."

The Queen thought for a moment and gently patted the back of Li Mu's hand. She said sincerely, "Mr. Li, what you said is very reasonable. I hope that you can give William more guidance in the future. He really needs a professional like you to provide him with some valuable life experience and advice."

William's father, Prince Charles, also nodded repeatedly and said with emotion, "Mr. Li, we will be satisfied if William can learn a little bit from you in the future."

From the hopeful eyes of the mother and son, Li Mu could feel the strong desire of the entire royal family. They were eager for the next generation of young members to get rid of the "mascot" label. They were eager for them to do something really influential, and they were eager for them to reinvigorate the royal family.

For decades in his previous life, almost all the events in the British royal family that could attract the attention of the world were related to the two generations of the royal family's concubines. When a prince married a concubine, not only would the United Kingdom pay attention to it, but the people around the world would also be curious and gossipy. When a concubine gave birth to a prince, it would also become the news of the country and even the world. However, other than that, the royal family no longer had the ability to attract the attention of the world, so they had high hopes for William.

Li Mu felt that this was a good opportunity for mutual benefit with the royal family. He had never set foot on British soil, but this time, he was about to announce the ownership of a Premier League club and was also ready to use the Premier League as a frontier to continue to cultivate good players for Hua Xia. Under such circumstances, maintaining a close cooperative relationship with the royal family was the best thing to do.

Since all the royal family's hopes were pinned on William, why not do him a favor at little cost?

Thinking of this, Li Mu said to the Queen, Prince Charles, and William, "I have a job to offer to William. I don't know if you all agree."

Everyone asked in unison, "What kind of job is it?"