Chapter 757

Sun Junyi's words, "The Pride of the Internet, Li Mu, and his legendary story, made this ordinary evening boil in an instant.

Although he didn't explicitly say that Li Mu was the behind-the-scenes boss of Taobao, PayPal, and Muye Technology, the audience with a little bit of intelligence immediately guessed it after combining the facts.

Whether they knew Li Mu or not, at that moment, sitting in front of the TV, their hearts were in turmoil.

Su Yingxue's father, Su Weimin, sat on the sofa dumbfounded for five seconds. When the end credits of "Focus Interview" played, he finally reacted. He jumped up and turned to ask Su Yingxue, who was sitting on the sofa, "Li Mu, the Li Mu mentioned on the TV, is that … that …"

Su Weimin was so excited that he even stuttered at the critical moment.

His wife, Fang Min, also covered her mouth with one hand and widened her eyes. She looked at herself and then at her daughter, not knowing what to say or ask.

Su Yingxue's heart was also beating wildly. Facing her stuttering father, she said, "The Li Mu mentioned on the TV is the Li Mu that you know."

"How is this possible …" Although Su Weimin had already realized it, he still couldn't believe it. He felt like he was in an absurd dream. A young man in his twenties, a young man who had just graduated from high school last year and went to college from a small city like Haizhou, had become the Internet prodigy that the Central Television was talking about in just over a year?!

Su Yingxue looked at her father's stunned expression and shook her head gently. She sighed and said, "Dad, if you always think of him as what you think he is, this kind of thing is indeed very unrealistic for you. But have you ever thought that Li Mu used only a few months to make 3321 popular all over the country from nothing? Just from 3321 alone, you can see that he is an Internet genius. It's not an exaggeration to say that he is the Pride of the Internet."

Only then did Su Weimin think of 3321. His daughter was right. 3321 had used its special business model to become popular almost overnight on Hua Xia's university campus. Its ingenious idea and perfect solution made 3321 a perfect idea no matter from any angle. It could be said that it was an epoch-making innovation.

Around the world, almost all education charity funds were pure investments. The fund would think of ways to get money from one side and then find ways to subsidize the students or education on the other side. Whether it was domestic or foreign, public or private, education charity had never been able to pick out the shackles of pure investment.

But in 3321, Li Mu did it. He used the university as a dividing line, allowing the students to sell their time and knowledge in exchange for funds to support themselves and their families. At the same time, they could also contribute to the 3321 scholarship fund, and the money from the scholarship fund would be used to support more high school students, allowing them to successfully enter the university, and then repeat the process of their seniors.

Receiving aid, going to university, being self-sufficient in university, and then helping other groups that couldn't go to university. This repeated over and over again, changing generations.

Although 3321 was a non-profit organization, at the end of the day, it was purely an Internet platform. The person who could create such a platform was the Pride of the Internet!

Similarly, the person who could create such a platform naturally had the ability to create Makino Technology and Taobao.

However, Su Weimin's only question at the moment was, "How much are these three companies worth in total?"

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment, then said softly, "A conservative estimate would be that the three companies are valued at more than 10 billion yuan. Now that Taobao is popular, our economics professor analyzed Taobao for us in the YY group yesterday. Taobao's platform commission on Brand Day is about 100 million yuan. Assuming that during the rest of the time after Brand Day, sales can reach 100 million yuan per day, and annual sales can reach more than 60 billion yuan, its valuation will at least reach more than 10 billion yuan. This is just a conservative estimate. The capital is very optimistic about emerging products, especially emerging products like Taobao, which has a strong eye-catching effect. So if Li Mu really raises Taobao in the capital market, its valuation may be even higher than 10 billion yuan …"

Su Weimin and Fang Min were dumbfounded, but they did not doubt their daughter's words. After all, she was a student at the School of Economics of the National People's Congress, and her major was in the field of economics.

After a long while, Su Weimin asked her, "So, the market value of Li Mu's three companies may exceed 20 billion yuan?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "It should be no problem this year."

Fang Min and Fang Min were even more dumbfounded. A minute later, Fang Min asked tentatively, "Is Li Mu still pursuing you?"

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and hesitated for a long time before she whispered, "We are already together."

"Oh …" Fang Min smoothed her chest with her palm and instinctively breathed a sigh of relief.

…

Zhao Ziqiu and her parents had known about Li Mu's situation for a long time, so they were not too surprised that Li Mu's identity had been exposed. However, Zhao Ziqiu was infected by Sun Junyi's last words and was so excited that she danced in front of the TV.

She finally understood why her father said that CCTV was Li Mu's biological mother. Perhaps only a biological mother could put in so much effort to set up a stage for Li Mu. At first, she was still complaining about why she hadn't seen Li Mu come out. As a result, when Sun Junyi said that, she immediately felt that the blood in her body was boiling, and her whole body was almost ignited with excitement!

At this time, Zhao Xianliang did not feel excited. When he lamented that CCTV was Li Mu's biological mother, he did not think that this "biological mother" would spare no effort. This was simply helping Li Mu lay the groundwork for everything. The audience's mood was also aroused in advance. At 9: 30, Li Mu could directly come out and show off in front of the people of the country.

Zhao Xianliang sighed. He had been struggling for so many years, but he had never received such treatment from CCTV. Even if it was only one-tenth of the treatment given to Li Mu, it seemed that he had never received such treatment from CCTV. Li Mu was really too ruthless. His ability to catch people's attention was too great. He was more than twice his age, but the gap between them was getting bigger and bigger. Maybe Li Mu would take advantage of this momentum to rush forward. In a few months, he might crush him in all aspects.

Xie Yun saw her husband's melancholy. She gently stretched out her hand and patted the back of his hand. She comforted him with a smile, "Hubby, comparing yourself to others will only make you angry. Have you forgotten that Bill Gates is in the same year as you?"

Zhao Xianliang was instantly speechless. He was stunned for a long time before he sighed helplessly. He grabbed his wife's hand and shook his head gently without saying anything. However, his expression was much more relaxed than before.

In the Yangtze River, the waves behind drive on the waves in front. This was an eternal truth.

…

"Lanlan, this Li Mu is going to come out after being called out for a long time!

Your mom and I have been watching for so long, but we haven't even seen his face, "Wei Lan said with a smile.

Wei Lan listened to her father's ridicule over the phone and couldn't help but laugh. "This is the best way to achieve the best effect. If you don't have anything else to do, why don't you watch Face Face with Mom at 9: 30 PM? I was there the entire time Li Mu was recording the show. To be honest, it was really great!

My outlook on life, which has been slowly growing for more than 20 years, was subverted by another person for the first time. It was because of him. "

Wei Jun, who was on the other side of the ocean, couldn't help but say in surprise, "Aiyo, this doesn't sound like something my daughter would say!"

Wei Lan smiled slightly and said with a little emotion, "It's true. After listening to his interview on the spot, I feel that I've been in the real estate business for so many years. I only think about how much money I can make in the process of raising the price of housing. But when he was 20 years old, he already thought about changing the world."

Wei Jun teased, "You're belittling yourself by saying that. Aren't you putting an old man like me, who has been in the real estate business for more than 20 years, down with you?"

Wei Lan hurriedly explained, "Dad, I didn't mean that."

Wei Jun nodded and said with a smile, "I know, I'm just joking with you. But after listening to what you said, I'm really looking forward to the next interview. I want to see if this young man is as outstanding as you say."

Wei Lan smiled like a little girl and promised, "Don't worry, I will definitely make you feel amazed!"

…

Before Li Mu's interview was out, Li Mu had already gone viral!

This genius college student who founded 3321 had unknowingly transformed into an overbearing CEO, and an overbearing CEO of three large internet companies at that. The degree of transformation was simply too great!

Right now, Makino Technology had not received financing for a long time. Taobao had never received financing. Alipay had a huge flow of money every day, and it also had a large amount of funds in its account. It had never even thought about financing. So when people wanted to find out how much these three companies were worth, they all found it difficult to find a suitable reference.

It was unknown who created a Li Mu forum on Tieba, but a large number of netizens flooded into Li Mu forum.

Someone posted that he wouldn't marry anyone but Li Mu;

Someone posted that Li Mu was their beacon of life;

Someone posted that Li Mu was an invisible second or third generation, and that his success relied on his background and not his strength;

Someone also posted that Li Mu was the person in Hua Xia who knew the internet the best, and that he deserved to be called the Internet's pride. Even if he was in his teens, it would not be an exaggeration to call him the Internet's godfather;

There were all kinds of posts and all kinds of comments, but more than half of the questions discussed by the enthusiastic friends in the forum were focused on one point: How much money did Li Mu have?!

Male compatriots wanted to know how much money Li Mu had, so that they could set a goal for themselves to strive for;

Female compatriots wanted to know how much money Li Mu had, so that they could decide when or how many children they would give to Li Mu.

Someone said that Makino Technology was worth five billion, and someone immediately scolded in the comments below: Are you f * cking stupid? How can such a lousy company be worth five billion?

Someone said that Makino Technology was worth ten billion, and someone immediately scolded in the comments below: Idiot, the Makino Technology's product line is so powerful, and the ecological closed loop is so complete, how can it only be worth ten billion?

In short, there were all kinds of comments, and there were also many who were black and white.

Li Mu did not pay attention to the Tieba forum that he already had. His mobile phone, as well as Papa Lee and Li Ma's mobile phones, had been ringing crazily since the focus interview was broadcast.

Most of the people who called Li Mu were his high school and university classmates, roommates, and even teachers; while those who called Papa Lee and Li Ma were relatives and friends, neighbors, and colleagues.

If it was a call from someone close to him, Li Mu would usually apologize for hiding it all the time; Papa Lee and Li Ma would also explain that the kid had kept them in the dark, and they only knew that the kid had quietly started his business for more than a year when they came to Yan Jing.

As for those who were not very close to him, and those who called him purely to get close to him or those who had ulterior motives, the family of three was not arrogant, and they did not miss a single polite word that should be said.

After answering the phone for dozens of minutes, the family of three chose to turn off their mobile phones when they were really tired of dealing with it. Then they all breathed a sigh of relief, and concentrated on waiting for the broadcast of Li Mu's interview.