Chapter 810

Li Mu's ability to survive was not only his deep understanding of the future development of the Internet industry, but also his ability to control the overall situation, as well as his familiarity with the allocation of resources.

With more and more resources in hand, no matter what Li Mu did, he hoped to maximize the benefits and effects. In other words, he would try his best to achieve other goals on top of his core goals.

The reason why Wu Haijun admired Li Mu was that Li Mu's way of thinking was so strong that he felt inferior to him.

The entire plan for the chain of Internet cafes showed Li Mu's way of thinking and how he did things.

First of all, the idea of opening chain Internet cafes all over the country was to coordinate with the 'computers in the city' policy. It would speed up the popularization of the Internet and increase the market size of the domestic Internet industry.

After setting the tone, Li Mu immediately thought of the most suitable person to execute this plan: Zhao Kang.

If he stopped thinking at this time, he would directly contact Zhao Kang and ask Zhao Kang to prepare for the execution. However, Li Mu did not do so. This was not the time to stop thinking. On the contrary, this was just the beginning of his thinking.

After that, Li Mu began to think deeply about the resources that he could use to help the Internet cafes. Shenzhou, as a computer manufacturer, immediately appeared in his mind.

It was easy for Li Mu to let Shenzhou provide hardware support. However, what Li Mu was after was not as simple as using Shenzhou to provide low-cost hardware. Instead, he thought about it from another angle: other than letting Shenzhou help this project, what else could this project bring to Shenzhou?

Hardware sales would naturally bring in revenue. This was undeniable. However, even if Li Mu opened a thousand Internet cafes in the country, and each one had a hundred computers, to Shenzhou, it would only be a hundred thousand units sold. A hundred thousand units was not a very large number. What's more, Li Mu would definitely squeeze Shenzhou's profits as much as possible. How could Wu Haijun be interested in such a project?

What's more, as Li Mu was a shareholder of the Divine Boat, he naturally could not squeeze the profits out of the Divine Boat at a time like this. On the contrary, he had to think for the sake of the Divine Boat. He had to think about how he could help the Divine Boat develop and promote it.

Opening Internet cafes meant that it was not an online business, but a real offline business. Every Internet café had to be built. If Li Mu wanted to achieve the goal of promoting the development of the Internet in Hua Xia, then the locations of the Internet cafes had to be scattered. At the beginning, they had to cover all the cities in the country. This was the basis of achieving this goal.

Secondly, since he wanted to build shops, he had to invest in renting shops, renovating, and remodeling. These costs were essential. Shenzhou's products were sold all over the country. However, because it had just started, the pre-sales and after-sales network was not comprehensive enough. Shenzhou still did not have the ability to set up shop all over the country. The franchisees also needed time to develop. If Li Mu built up the Internet cafes, it would be equivalent to opening five hundred to a thousand offline shops in the country. As long as they made use of it, it would be very beneficial to Shenzhou.

The most basic function was to display. Currently, more than 90% of the Internet cafes in the country were using the low-cost strategy. All the hardware was using the cheapest solutions. Hence, users had no concept of the brand of the computers in the Internet cafes. They could only remember the brand of the monitor, mouse, and keyboard. If hundreds of computers in an Internet café all used the same brand, from the monitor to the mouse and keyboard, to the chassis, to the system interface, to the desktop, all of them had the same brand logo. How much psychological impact would that have on the users of the Internet cafes?

The effect of promoting the brand would be obvious.

What's more, the players in the Internet cafes were all potential users of home computers. They might not be able to afford it now, but that was not a problem. Once a certain brand had a psychological impact on them, they would definitely consider this brand when they bought a computer in the future. The most fortunate thing now was that the problem of Shenzhou's after-sales service not being able to keep up had not been exposed yet. The internet had not been filled with comments about Shenzhou's quality and after-sales service. At this time, Shenzhou's brand had not been completely cheapened.

Secondly, in the future, he would place the sales of Shenzhou online. This was because only by placing the sales online could he reduce the channel costs. Only then would he be able to maintain his price advantage. Such a strategy would definitely cause a negative backlash. The original offline distributors of Shenzhou would definitely be very unhappy. At the same time, it would be less attractive to new distributors. In this way, Shenzhou could afford to not have physical shops, but it definitely could not have physical after-sales service. If not, the users would not feel safe.

Internet cafes were positioned to cover all the cities in the country. This was in line with Shenzhou's market position and after-sales service requirements. If he could use his own Internet cafes as the foundation to solve the after-sales service of Shenzhou, the after-sales service problems of Shenzhou would be greatly improved.

Li Mu's plan was to add an additional portion of the investment cost to every Internet café in the future. The Internet café had to be located at the bottom of the market, and there had to be at least twenty square meters of space reserved for Shenzhou. He had to hang up the signboard of Shenzhou Computer after-sales service center. This way, the users of this Internet café, as well as the users of this city, would know that there was an after-sales service center for Shenzhou Computers in this local area. This way, he could buy Shenzhou Computers online without worry and not have to worry about being unable to repair them in the future.

The local after-sales service would always be the most efficient. Users only had to bring the machines to the after-sales service center or have them tested by the staff. If there were minor problems, they could be repaired at the user's home or brought back to the after-sales service center for repairs. If there were major problems, the after-sales service center would send the users back to the factory for repairs. This would maximize the efficiency of after-sales service.

Once there was a storefront, the storefront itself could store a certain amount of machines. Li Mu's requirements were not high. He wanted each Internet café to store tens of Shenzhou Computers. This way, local users could place their orders on the same day and pick them up in the shop on the same day. Alternatively, they could have the machines delivered to their doorstep through the local retail outlets. This would be awesome. No matter where you were, as long as there was a local retail outlet, the machines could be delivered on the same day or the next day. This would be comparable to Jingdong's current speed. This way, the local retail outlets would only have to replenish the stock regularly. The logistics efficiency would be even higher.

With this overall plan, the Shenzhou Computers would actually be the biggest beneficiary.

After Li Mu explained these plans in detail to Wu Haijun, Wu Haijun immediately said excitedly, "Li Zong, tell me. What do you want me to do? I will definitely do my best and cooperate with you!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I know that your energy is now focused on the expansion of the production line, so I don't need you to fork out any money for this project. I will bear all the construction costs. As for the computer hardware, I will not squeeze too much out of your profit margin. However, you must prioritize the Internet café's usage needs and ensure the quality of the hardware you supply to the Internet café. As for the other small details, I will get someone to inform you when the time comes."

Wu Haijun did not hesitate and said, "No problem. I will do my best to cooperate with you. As for the computers, I will supply as many as you need as fast as I can!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I will bear the hardware and construction costs. However, you will need to handle the training of the employees yourself. When we open Internet cafés all over the country, we will start recruiting at the same time. You don't have to worry about the service staff, but you will need to handle the after-sales service staff of the Shenzhou Computers."

Wu Haijun asked, "Li Zong, when the time comes, I will send someone to follow the construction team and hire two to three after-sales service staff in each city where you plan to open an Internet café. What do you think?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "There is no need to go through so much trouble. When the time comes, I will use the YY pop-up window to carry out local recruitment for the Internet café chains. One pop-up window will be able to promote the Internet café chains and recruit potential employees for the Internet café chains. When the time comes, I can specially set up a recruitment position for all of you. You can form a small human resources team to conduct a preliminary screening of the applicants. Then, you can go down to each city and conduct a second round of interviews with the people who passed the preliminary screening. If they think that it is okay, you can gather them in the provincial capital cities for training."

Wu Haijun exclaimed, "This is a good idea!

This is a great idea!

Let's not talk about other things. Just a recruitment push can let the whole country know that Makino Technology is opening its own Internet café chain. This is really a strong brand promotion! "

Li Mu nodded. "It will be a waste if we don't use the ready-made YY resources. Also, I will not only plan to have one Internet café chain in each city. My goal is to cover all the county-level administrative areas in the future. Moreover, in the cities, counties, and districts with a relatively large population, I want to achieve multiple outlets at the same time."

Wu Haijun exclaimed, "In that case, this goal can only be achieved with at least five thousand or more Internet cafés!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If the whole model goes smoothly, then it will not be a problem to open a few thousand Internet cafés."

"But the cost is too high …"

Wu Haijun was shocked. What did it mean to have a few thousand Internet cafés?

Although the cost of building an Internet café in each city was very different and couldn't be unified, no matter how much they tried to save, the cost of building an Internet café with a hundred machines would still be six figures, right?

The cost of building a few thousand Internet cafés alone could be in the billions. Not to mention the hardware cost was even more frightening. A hundred machines would at least cost more than three hundred thousand. In this way, the cost of building a few thousand Internet cafés was simply shocking.

Li Mu didn't care about this. He smiled and said, "The cost is not a problem. The problem is to find a suitable development and profit model."