Chapter 982

Before he came to Hangzhou, Li Mu had never thought that it would be so easy to acquire Hikvision.

In order to prevent him from fighting Hikvision, he deliberately brought Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin with him. As a result, he only met Zhong Xinhua once, and received a reply from Zhong Xinhua the next day.

Hikvision, as well as its superior unit, Institute 52, had completely agreed to Li Mu's intention to acquire Hikvision. They would merge the entire Hikvision, together with its patents, into the future structure of Muye Vision, accounting for 20% of Muye Vision's shares.

More than 80% of the 20% of Hikvision's shares belonged to Institute 52, but Li Mu didn't care about these details. It was a good thing to have a state-owned research institute holding shares in a state-owned enterprise.

Since "Muye Vision" was only a virtual company that Li Mu had verbally promised, Hikvision couldn't sign a formal cooperation agreement with Li Mu for the time being. Therefore, the two parties specifically signed a letter of intent and a framework agreement based on the letter of intent. After that, Li Mu immediately handed over the registration of "Muye Vision" to Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin.

The news that Li Mu went to Hangzhou to acquire a security surveillance company spread like wildfire in the Internet industry. Many people didn't understand why Li Mu made such a big leap. It was understandable that he went from the Internet to logistics, but from the Internet to security surveillance, it was a little confusing.

When Li Mu was in Hangzhou, the Yan Jing Municipal Public Security Bureau held a press conference that wasn't too big. At the press conference, the police announced a shocking kidnapping and blackmail case that happened in Yan Jing. In this case, the information of the victim, Wei Lan, and the relevant information of Li Mu, who helped solve the case, were all hidden. Although it was impossible to focus on an individual, the media and the public were still attracted by the details of the case that was solved in 24 hours.

On the second night after the press conference, Director Gu Jianghe of the Yan Jing Municipal Public Security Bureau called Li Mu and greeted Li Mu first, asking what he was busy with recently.

Coincidentally, Li Mu was on his way back to his hometown in Haizhou from Hangzhou City.

After signing the letter of intent with Hikvision, Li Mu had planned to fly back to Yan Jing with Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin today, but Li Ma happened to call Li Mu. She heard that Li Mu was in Hangzhou, so she asked him to go home.

Li Mu didn't mention going home during the National Day holiday. He even went to Hangzhou City, which was farther away. Li Ma, who was in Haizhou, was very dissatisfied.

When Li Mu saw that his mother wasn't satisfied, he quickly agreed and prepared to go home "on the way".

Along the way, it was a little too far.

It took at least five hours to drive from Hangzhou City to Haizhou. Without a plane, Li Mu had no choice but to temporarily ask Zhao Xianliang for help. He borrowed two cars from his company and asked Wang Yuanlang and the other two to accompany him back to Haizhou.

At six o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu set off from Hangzhou City to Haizhou. This time, except for his parents, Li Mu didn't inform anyone, including Su Yingxue.

At eight o 'clock in the evening, when Li Mu was sleepy in the car, he received a call from Gu Jianghe. After a while of greeting, Li Mu asked him, "Director Gu, do you have any business to talk to me about?"

Gu Jianghe laughed and said, "Yes, to be specific, after the case was announced at the press conference yesterday, the News Center of the Municipal Public Security Bureau received several calls from film and television companies today. They were very interested in the whole case and hoped to buy the copyright of the kidnapping case, hoping to make a movie. I asked the leaders of the Ministry of Public Security about this matter, and I didn't expect that the leaders of the Ministry of Public Security were also very supportive. Therefore, I'm inclined to let the Ministry of Public Security fund part of it, and then choose a reliable film and television company. The two parties will jointly fund the movie. So I'm calling to ask for your and Miss Wei's consent."

As soon as Li Mu heard that he was going to make a movie, he immediately refused subconsciously and said, "Director Gu, I think it's okay to make a movie. I don't want the last case to be known to the world."

Gu Jianghe said, "We think it's a good thing. It can also be regarded as a deterrent to society, so that potential criminals will realize that no matter how subtle and subtle a crime is, it will be solved."

Li Mu said, "Director Gu, you have to take Wei Lan's feelings into consideration. As a victim, she must have a shadow in her heart. If you insist on making this movie, it will have a great impact on her."

Gu Jianghe hurriedly said, "Li Zong, you're right. As a victim, Miss Wei must be highly respected. We think that as a deep participant in the case, you also need to be respected, so we specially called to ask for your personal opinion."

Li Mu was a little unhappy. He always felt that Gu Jianghe and his leader wanted to make this case into a movie. This mentality was somewhat selfish, so he said in a somewhat stiff tone, "Director Gu, it's not meaningful for you to consult me about this kind of thing. Even if I agree, Wei Lan will not agree."

Gu Jianghe suddenly chuckled and said with a smile, "Li Zong, to tell you the truth, Miss Wei has already agreed."

"What?!"

Li Mu was instantly stunned. He felt as if he had miscalculated when he was going down the stairs. He originally thought that he had reached the bottom, but he didn't expect there to be another step. He felt as if he had stepped on nothing.

Gu Jianghe repeated and said, "Miss Wei has already agreed. Before I called you, a female colleague from our news center had already communicated with Miss Wei. Miss Wei agreed without hesitation. She also said that this will definitely help improve social security, and it is a very meaningful thing …"

Li Mu was inexplicably angry. "Director Gu, how can you make such a request to her?

Aren't you being too inconsiderate for her?

You put out the principles of social security and people's safety. Even if she doesn't agree, I'm afraid she will be forced to agree by you! "

Gu Jianghe hurriedly said, "Li Zong, making a movie is the idea of the department. When we asked for Miss Wei's consent, we were very tactful and considerate for her. Originally, I wanted to call Miss Wei personally, but I thought that Miss Wei might reject it, so I asked our female colleague from the news center to communicate with her. And according to our female colleague's response, Miss Wei agreed very straightforwardly. Her only two requests for the movie is to hide her real identity."

Li Mu felt that what Gu Jianghe said was only his side of the story. This had nothing to do with whether Wei Lan agreed or not. It was just that the Yan Jing Municipal Public Security Bureau made such a request to Wei Lan. This kind of thinking and way of doing things was itself very rude. It would be very unkind to have such an idea. No matter how he explained it, it would be meaningless.

So Li Mu said to Gu Jianghe, "Director Gu, I'll call Wei Lan first. I'll talk to you later."

Gu Jianghe was stunned and hurriedly said, "Oh, Li Zong, I haven't told you about Miss Wei's second request …"

Li Mu, who was worried about Wei Lan, did not wait for him to finish speaking. He first hung up the phone and then called Wei Lan.

When Wei Lan received Li Mu's call, the first thing she said was to ask him with a smile, "Are you still in Hangzhou?"

Li Mu said, "No, I'm on my way back to Haizhou. I'm going home."

Then, Li Mu hurriedly asked her, "Did the Municipal Public Security Bureau call you?"

"Yes."

Wei Lan's tone was calm. She said with a faint smile, "They said that they want to cooperate with the film company to make a movie about my kidnapping case."

Li Mu said, "I heard from Director Gu that you agreed to make a film adaptation for them?"

"Yes, I agreed."

Wei Lan said, "This is a good thing. Why would I refuse? If this movie is made, as long as people watch it, it can make more people aware of the risks and costs of crime. To a certain extent, it can contribute to reducing the crime rate. Why would I refuse?"

Li Mu asked again, "Wei Lan, were you fooled by the people from the Municipal Public Security Bureau?

How did they fool you? "

Wei Lan said with a smile, "I wasn't fooled by the people from the Municipal Public Security Bureau. As soon as they mentioned this request, I immediately agreed. I really think it's very meaningful, and there's no reason to refuse. My biggest request is that my real identity can't be revealed. They also agreed, so I have no objection."

Li Mu sighed. Just as he was about to persuade her to take back the permission she had given to the Municipal Public Security Bureau, Wei Lan said, "Besides, I promised them for selfish reasons."

Li Mu asked her, "What selfish reasons?"

Wei Lan said naturally, "Don't you want to do security surveillance?

I heard that you acquired a security surveillance company in Hangzhou. If that case is adapted into a movie, the case can be more deeply exposed, and it will definitely increase the attention of the people and local governments to urban surveillance. In this case, it will also be of great help to the security surveillance industry that you want to get involved in. It will also be of some help to your Skynet surveillance system. "

Only then did Li Mu understand. The reason why Wei Lan agreed to the Yan Jing Municipal Public Security Bureau was probably because she wanted to be of some help to him.

Wei Lan's consideration for him made Li Mu's heart feel warm at this moment, but he still said, "In fact, you don't have to make such a big sacrifice. Even without the exposure of this case, the Skynet surveillance system will definitely be valued by the country and local governments. If you really need a movie to promote it, I can use Makino Image to make a few fictitious movies …"

Wei Lan smiled slightly and said in a gentle voice, "Fictitious movies are naturally not as convincing as movies adapted from real cases. The Skynet surveillance system is a very significant idea. My ability is limited, so I can only help you in this way. So don't discourage me anymore. Don't worry, I'm not as weak as you think."

As she spoke, Wei Lan added, "By the way, in addition to asking for my real identity to be hidden, I also made a request to the Municipal Public Security Bureau."

Only then did Li Mu remember that Gu Jianghe had mentioned Wei Lan's "only two requests" on the phone just now. He hurriedly asked her, "What other requests did you make?"

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "Didn't the people from the Municipal Public Security Bureau tell you?"

Li Mu said angrily, "I hung up before he said anything. I was so angry!"