Chapter 689

Once the subway route map was announced, Wanying Real Estate became a superstar in the real estate industry.

In history, there wasn't a company that bet as accurately as Wanying Real Estate. They had seven pieces of land in the East Third Ring Road, and five of them were near the Three Circle Bridge. They practically wrapped the landmark of the Three Circle Bridge like a dumpling.

For those in the real estate industry, anyone could easily guess the huge profits contained in these seven pieces of land. What was even more unacceptable was that the successful Wanying Real Estate was a new company that had just entered the real estate industry in Beijing. Most importantly, they hadn't even developed a single real estate project before!

A completely new type of real estate company had used financial means to take six pieces of land in one go in Yan Jing, and all of them were bet on the treasure of Subway Line 10. Such a small size and such a large amount of money, it was simply amazing.

It was said that when Song Liang heard the news, he smoked a pack of cigarettes non-stop in his office. During this time, he called Li Mu countless times, urging him to hurry over.

With such a powerful resource in his hands, Song Liang, who was always full of confidence, felt that he couldn't handle it anymore.

Chen Ze was busy with the race track and club projects that he was most interested in. After hearing the news, he immediately drove back. Li Mu was busy with the preparations for the Brand Day and the Star Taobao charity auction. When he received the call, he also hurriedly drove to Wanying.

At this moment, the three of them were ecstatic. Not to mention anything else, if these six pieces of land were to be sold, the net profit would definitely not be less than six hundred million. Moreover, the market had just started to explode. With such a huge benefit, the housing prices of the East Third Ring Road would definitely rise like a rocket. If the housing prices of the East Third Ring Road rose too much in the next two to three months, the profits of these six pieces of land would also rise.

If the prices of second-hand houses continue to rise, the housing prices and land prices of the East Third Loop will receive the strongest support. From Li Mu's point of view, no matter how the real estate experts try to fool them, as long as the prices of second-hand houses continue to rise, the prices will never fall. Now, the average price of second-hand houses in the East Third Loop is like a rocket that has just been ignited. Everything is just the beginning.

Li Mu couldn't run as fast as Chen Ze in the city, so by the time he arrived at Wanying Real Estate, Chen Ze had already arrived. Li Mu pushed the door open and entered Song Liang's office. He was almost blinded by the strong smell of smoke that gushed out from inside. He coughed a few times before looking at the two people with cigarettes in their mouths in surprise. He asked, "What are you two doing?

Did you set the house on fire? "

Overjoyed, Song Liang ran over and dragged Li Mu inside. As soon as the door was closed, he was so excited that his voice trembled. "Little Mu, you are really amazing!

The East Third Loop, the East Third Loop. You have been talking about the East Third Loop all this time. Sure enough, you made the right bet! "

For Song Liang, he had worked hard with Ye Tianming's father for many years, and he had also worked hard in Haizhou for many years. His real net worth had not reached the unit of "hundreds of millions". However, he came to Yan Jing to work with Li Mu and Chen Ze. Now he could see at least two billion yuan of profit. It was unimaginable to make so much money in such a short period of time.

Chen Ze was also excited. This time, the sun and the moon were really a witness. No one had inquired about the final route map of Line 10 in advance. A large number of real estate developers thought that Dawang Road was the most likely, but Li Mu firmly believed in the East Third Loop. He didn't expect to bet on the right one!

This result could be bragged about for a lifetime in the real estate industry.

Li Mu was equally excited, and he finally breathed a sigh of relief. Before the final result was announced, Li Mu also had some faint worries in his heart. What if the historical process of Line 10 was affected because he had taken six pieces of land in the East Third Loop?

What if the butterfly's wings affected the project and caused the north-south route of Line 10 to suddenly change?

Although he felt that it was difficult for him to affect the Olympic project now, he would more or less have such worries. Today, he could finally breathe a sigh of relief.

Song Liang handed a cigarette to Li Mu and personally took out his beloved Dunhill lighter. He flicked out the flame and was about to light the cigarette for Li Mu. Li Mu hurriedly stretched out his hand to "protect the fire", but Song Liang grabbed Li Mu's hand with the other hand. The flame burned on the cigarette, "Mu Ge, give me a chance. I will serve you!"

Li Mu took two puffs and smiled bitterly, "Brother Liang, what are you doing?"

Chen Ze came up and squatted beside Li Mu. He diligently massaged Li Mu's legs and pretended to flatter him. "Mu Ge, how are we going to make a fortune next? We are waiting for you to show us the right way!"

Song Liang put away the lighter and squatted on the other side to massage Li Mu's legs. He also said in a flattering tone, "Yes, Mu Ge, what should we do next? We will follow your lead!"

Li Mu was helpless. He used his legs to shake off the two of them, stood up, and said, "Come on, let's talk business."

After that, Li Mu strode to the whiteboard, picked up a pen, and drew a very simple map of the north and south direction of Line 10. Then he drew circles on a few general positions and marked the locations of the six pieces of land.

Seeing that Li Mu was going to talk business, Chen Ze and Song Liang hurriedly sat down on the sofa in front of them. They stared at Li Mu's hand and waited for Li Mu's next words.

After Li Mu marked the six pieces of land, he said to the two of them, "First of all, let's be sure of one thing. These six pieces of land can be sold for six billion yuan in three days. This is what you said before, Old Chen. No problem, right?"

Chen Ze said, "Now I think six billion yuan is a little too little. I didn't expect the municipal government to announce the airport line plan in advance. I used to hear that the airport line would take at least two or three years to start construction. I thought they wouldn't announce it so early. Now it is clear that the airport line will be connected to the Three Yuanqiao Station of Line 10. The land price of Three Yuanqiao Station is naturally higher."

Li Mu said, "We don't need to use too much money in one go. You can talk to the bank, either to increase the total amount of funds or to lower the loan interest rate. In short, try to get some benefits. We still have to take out the money as soon as possible."

Chen Ze nodded and asked, "What about after we take it out?

You take one billion yuan, I take three hundred million yuan, and there are 4.7 billion yuan left. Have you thought about how to use it? "

Li Mu said, "The rest of the money will be used for the first stage of the development of three buildings. The rest will be used to invest in commercial real estate projects."

Song Liang asked, "What about the remaining three buildings?"

Li Mu said, "Cooperation. Find a channel to split it out. It's best to cooperate with a powerful real estate company and develop it together. We don't invest money, only the land."

Song Liang smacked his lips and said, "That's a big loss. The three pieces of land will give hundreds of millions of profits to others for no reason. It's not a problem for us to eat it ourselves."

Li Mu said, "If we eat it ourselves, how can we eat it? I have a lot of things to do, and Old Chen also has a lot of things to do. Can you handle such a big project by yourself?

Besides, we don't have enough funds to eat it ourselves. "

Song Liang said, "It doesn't matter if we don't have enough funds. We can sell the houses in advance. That way, the money will come back faster."

Chen Ze also said, "These pieces of land can be delayed for at most a year before we start construction. We will start three projects this year, and the other three next year. If we sell the houses in advance for the first three projects, we will have the funds for the last three projects."

Li Mu waved his hand. "To be honest, I personally don't think we should do the houses in advance. First of all, I don't really want to do residential real estate. To put it bluntly, residential real estate has no positive effect on society. Instead, it raises land prices and creates a large number of housing slaves for society. If we want to be a real estate company with social influence and social responsibility, residential real estate projects should be done as little as possible in the future. We should do more commercial real estate projects that can stimulate the economic development of the city, promote the development of the tertiary industry, and enhance the shopping, leisure, and entertainment experience of urban residents. Residential real estate is a one-off business.

How much can we earn from it? Commercial real estate is different. It's a continuous source of income! "

Li Mu had already told them about his future plans for commercial real estate. What he wanted to do was to surpass Wanda and become the leader of commercial real estate. He planned ahead and used the future diversified management concept in advance. He wanted Wanying's future commercial real estate projects to become the commercial and entertainment center of a city. He wanted to follow Wanda's path, but his future was broader than Wanda's.

Although the two of them agreed with Li Mu's plan, it was indeed painful to give up three out of the six plots of land.

However, Song Liang quickly made up his mind and said to Li Mu, "I was also skeptical about the matter of Line 10 going through the East Third Ring Road. Now that I see it, you're the one who saw it deeper and more thoroughly. I believe in your foresight. If you insist on doing this, I have no objections."

Chen Ze sighed softly and said with a smile, "I was too careless. I have no objections to what Li Mu said. Let's do whatever you say."

Chen Ze and Song Liang both had their own ideas, but they were generally the same. Both of them believed in Li Mu's foresight and judgment. He was definitely much better than the two of them. Therefore, Li Mu should be confident about doing commercial real estate. Therefore, in order to seek a greater future, it was not a big deal to sacrifice a little profit from three real estate projects.

Li Mu said, "In this case, let's tentatively set a development plan for the next stage. Six plots of land, three projects of our own, and three projects of cooperation. The three projects of our own development should be high-end. It's best to build three landmark residential projects. Try to be as high-end as possible and build up our reputation. Don't worry about the funds. Next year, I can get back the one billion yuan with interest, so you don't have to worry about the follow-up funds of the three projects."

In Li Mu's plan, Taobao must be financed by next year at the latest. At present, he relied on his entire ecological closed-loop advantage to let Taobao have a dream start. However, in the future, the cake in the e-commerce field will get bigger and bigger, and he will also have to face a variety of competitors. It will be difficult to win all the way if he fights alone, so he must be financed. At present, many of his companies' offshore operations are approaching the end. At that time, the capital operation will be more flexible. He hoped to get money from Wall Street or Silicon Valley. In this way, not only can he raise funds, but he can also raise connections. In the future, there will be too many companies, technologies, and powerful people in Silicon Valley that Li Mu coveted. Once the situation opens up, the harvest will be amazing!