Chapter 1587

Li Mu really did not expect the Football Association to give Manchester United and Ferguson such an unprecedented punishment.

It was as if he did not expect the Queen to award him the highest level of the GBE medal.

He actually did not want to put Ferguson to death. He just wanted Ferguson to know that there was no such logic in this world as "a strong dragon cannot crush a snake in its own land." Who could crush who depended entirely on the disparity in strength between the two sides. As long as he was strong enough, even if he was a local dragon, he could step on him with one foot to make him kneel and beg for mercy.

It was just that the impetus of the incident seemed to be a little too strong. He just stepped on it, and he did not expect it to directly ruin his career in England.

However, while Li Mu was surprised, he did not feel the slightest bit of guilt in his heart. When Ferguson was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot, he should have considered the outcome in advance. If he did not consider it, the chariot would not have stopped moving forward for a mantis.

From today onwards, Manchester United's overall strength would be greatly impacted. Without Ferguson's strategy and tactics, without Cristiano Ronaldo, and even without the power to bring in new players, it was like a Tesla that could not find a charging station. It was about to enter energy-saving mode. If the energy-saving mode could not last until the destination, then the last part of the journey would have to be pushed down.

On his side, Ronaldo would soon join, and there would even be young players such as Rooney, Robben, and Modric. Maybe they could press Manchester United to the ground and grind them hard this season.

Li Mu was still a Manchester United fan in his previous life, but in this life, he did not need to be a fan of any team. He only needed to make his team the best football club in the world.

All that was left was how to use the Manchester City Football Club as a bridgehead to cultivate more outstanding football players for Hua Xia.

Immediately, Li Mu rushed to Makino Technology. He had a long-planned plan, and it was time to announce it to all football fans and parents in Hua Xia.

Arriving at Makino Technology, Li Mu spent the morning meeting with Kong Lingyu, Fang Xudong, and other executives. At the meeting, he first learned about the current operation of the entire group. After ensuring that everything was progressing steadily, he asked Kong Lingyu to organize a technical team to England in the shortest time possible to quickly set up the 3321 UK station and put it into operation as soon as possible.

The packaging route that Li Mu developed for Prince William played a huge role in promoting Prince William's personal reputation. Even now, he was still the opinion leader of British young people on education issues. Everyone's attention on him had not diminished in the slightest. Instead, it continued to increase.

The next step was for him to land the project as soon as possible. The sooner it was landed, the sooner he could enter the next stage.

Li Mu planned to send a team of about 30 people to quickly finish the job after arriving in England. The process of team formation was as follows: Kong Lingyu was responsible for selecting the project leader to lead the team, and then the project leader would select the appropriate employees themselves. As long as the employees had no objections, they would immediately start preparing.

Originally, the visa issue alone would probably be stuck for at least a month or two. Fortunately, the British Embassy in China was willing to give Li Mu the greatest convenience. They were not only willing to simplify the visa application process, but they were even willing to come to Makino Technology's employees' door to handle the documents needed for visas. The visas could be issued within a week at the fastest speed.

After the team to go to England was determined, Li Mu said to the senior management of Makino Technology, "The reason why I bought the Manchester City Football Club is not how much I like football, but I hope to use this club to cultivate some high-quality football players for Hua Xia. Moreover, I think the conditions are ripe to do this, and we can get ready to start."

With that, Li Mu paused slightly and said, "From today on, we will announce a new piece of news to the country in advance. Makino Technology and the Manchester City Football Club will jointly hold youth training camps in the future, with the intention of sending more talented domestic young players to the Manchester City Football Club to learn."

"Our youth training plan is to select young people aged 10-18 with football talent from all over the country and send them to the Manchester City Football Club in two batches every year to participate in the youth training, with 30 people in each batch."

"All the expenses of the youth selected for the youth training will be borne by Makino Technology. At the same time, each person will be given a reward of 20000 US dollars and a monthly living allowance of 2000 US dollars."

"Each batch of youth training students will undergo an advancement assessment in a six-month cycle. Students who fail to meet the assessment requirements will directly end their youth training and return home. Those who meet the assessment requirements will continue to stay in Manchester for training, and their monthly living allowance will be increased by 2000 US dollars."

"If the students have not been selected for the youth team or the main force of the second team before the age of 20, they will also end their youth training and be free to decide where they want to go."

The development of Hua Xia's football had a long way to go. In Li Mu's view, the biggest problem was not Hua Xia's physique, nor was it Hua Xia's genes or policies. The most critical problem came from the rigidity and solidification of the thinking of Hua Xia's parents.

In this era, there were very few parents who supported their children to play football. Although there were no statistics, Li Mu felt that among a hundred boys, there might not be one parent who sincerely supported their children to play football.

Parents believed that children who sat in front of the piano or in front of the drawing board were gratifying and proud, while those who ran on the grass and chased football were distressing and worrying.

For the same hobbies, they put the arts and literature in the most important position, giving them a huge weight, so that sports were completely uncompetitive at the other end of the scale.

Of course, this also had a lot to do with the college entrance examination policy for the arts and literature students.

Those who studied musical instruments and painting could be admitted to art colleges in the future, lowering the requirements for cultural classes.

Those who studied traditional competitive sports could participate in some small and medium-sized competitions and obtain results, and it would also be very convenient for them to be admitted to normal colleges in the future.

At present, sports like football could not bring any strong help to the college entrance examination for the time being, so it was naturally forgotten by the parents at this stage.

When parents generally did not support their children to play football, even if their children had football talent, the majority of them could not escape the fate of being buried.

Among a hundred parents, there might only be one who supported their children to play football. Among ten thousand children, there might only be one who really had football talent. Then, the one in ten thousand talent had to collide with the one percent support rate in order to be able to continue. The possibility behind this was too small.

The society as a whole was particularly fanatical about football, but the parent group was particularly conservative about football. This caused Hua Xia to almost never have a professional, systematic, and large-scale youth training system. European players might start to join the youth training at the age of eight and sign on the club's youth team at the age of ten.

On the other hand, many football players in Hua Xia came from unorthodox backgrounds. They lacked systematic football education from a young age. Their skills, stamina, and awareness were not up to standard. Relying on such players, they might not be able to enter the World Cup in the next 40 years.

Therefore, what Li Mu wanted to do was to first use the most vulgar things to stimulate the people's interest in football, especially the interest of young parents in football, which was fame, fortune, and money.

Why did so many parents send their children to learn gymnastics, diving, and table tennis when they were three or five years old?

That was because in these fields, there were already many outstanding and successful representatives in the country. They became famous through top sports competitions and naturally set an excellent example for the parents. Even if they knew that it was a one-log bridge with thousands of troops and horses, the parents still came one after another. This was the influence of fame, fortune, and money.

As for Hua Xia's football, there was no similar good example, so it fell into a bad cycle. The more the parents felt that football was useless, the more difficult it was for the children of this generation to improve their football level. If the children could not improve, Hua Xia's football performance would not have a day of success, so the cycle continued.

As for Li Mu, as soon as he came up, he was ready to directly show the money, and then describe the fame and fortune, using the most practical way to solve this problem.

At present, the average salary in most cities was one or two thousand yuan, and some economically underdeveloped areas could not even reach this number.

However, if a child could pass the screening and finally get the qualification to go to Manchester City's youth training, then Makino Technology would directly give him twenty thousand US dollars, which was equivalent to about one hundred and seventy thousand yuan. In Yan Jing, it was equivalent to an ordinary worker working for six or seven years without eating, drinking, or spending.

After arriving in England, all the daily living and training expenses would be covered by Makino Technology, starting with a monthly living allowance of two thousand US dollars. This money was called a subsidy, but it was actually a salary, which was equivalent to more than seventeen thousand a month. Maybe an eight-year-old child who went to youth training could earn as much as his father worked hard for a year.

In this case, could you still say that playing football was not a proper job?

At that time, if someone had a child from another family who was selected by the youth training camp, the surrounding parents and children would probably be envious. Not only would they make a lot of money, but they could also go abroad to gain experience.

Moreover, Makino Technology would continue to give a lot of media exposure to the youth training camp, subtly influencing people to be interested in it and regard it as an honor. At that time, at least a considerable number of parents could change their previous views and make them support their children playing football.

As long as a group of truly talented young players could be found from China and then sent to Manchester in batches to receive technical, physical, and awareness training from an early age, these people would definitely be able to widen the gap between them and most of the domestic players.

If seven or eight excellent players could emerge from this group of players four or five years later and could establish themselves in the five major leagues, then the strength of Hua Xia football, or at least the Hua Xia men's national team, would usher in a round of great improvement.

There was no one in the senior management of Makino Technology who really understood football, so no one expressed much opinion on Li Mu's proposal. Since this was Li Mu's idea, everyone expressed unconditional support.

Fang Xudong, who had studied abroad, curiously asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, since you want to improve the level of domestic football, why don't you consider building a few football schools in China?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's too hard for us to build a football school on our own, and we don't have talents in this area in our team. It's easy to miss the point. So, my idea is to cooperate with domestic football clubs in the future. We'll invest in finding clubs to cooperate with us to set up a school. We'll pay, and they'll provide the people."

As he spoke, Li Mu changed the subject and said, "But I'm actually not very interested in setting up a football school in China. The whole domestic football atmosphere is not professional enough or even healthy enough. In this case, football schools will also be assimilated by the general environment, and it will be difficult to influence the direction of the general environment. So, the first thing we have to do is how to improve the general environment of domestic football."

When Li Mu was in junior high school, there was a male classmate who played football very well. Among the children of that age, he was the best at playing football in Haizhou.

Fortunately, the father of the male classmate was very supportive of him playing football. Many times in inter-school games, his father could be seen standing on the side of the dilapidated field with almost no grass to cheer him on.

In the second year of junior high school, the male classmate and his father were eager for him to be admitted to a well-known football school at the time. Later, the result was that his body and skills met the requirements of the school, but because he had no money to send gifts to smooth things over, he could only give up this path. Later, it was said that he did not get into college and went south to work.

Whether it was the experience of his previous life or the recent experience of being disgusted by the Bincheng club, at the moment, Li Mu no longer believed in any domestic club. He did not believe that they still had a pure football spirit.