Chapter 852

Lei Jianguo's decision to join Makino Technology was a rare piece of good news for Li Mu.

Ever since he was reborn, he had realized that it was rare to find a talented person who was truly talented in operations.

In Li Mu's eyes, the scope of operations was very big. It was not something an ordinary operator could compare to. What he wanted was not an operator who could revitalize a certain area. What he wanted was someone who understood operations and could revitalize a whole area.

Unlike technology, products, and other supporting links, operations was the part that was truly linked to profits and cash flow. Everyone's efforts, everyone's resources, how to convert them into cash, and how to make more cash, all depended on operations.

Liu Shixiong was a good operator, but Li Mu valued his ability to control the overall situation more. After all, in his previous life, JD.com was able to sit on the top of the B2C market. It was able to complete such a large number of orders, deal with so many suppliers, complete such huge purchases, and maintain a logistics team of tens of thousands of people. It was impossible to succeed without a strong overall control ability.

If one wanted to intuitively see how capable Liu Shixiong was, one only needed to look at the difference in market value between JD.com, which was founded in 2004, and Dangdang, which was founded in 1999. In 2016, one would know that there were at least a hundred Chen Ou between Liu Shixiong and Li Guoqing.

Right now, it was a critical time for the competition. If Li Mu wanted to develop quickly, he could not push Liu Shixiong to the position of overall control. Therefore, Li Mu wanted him to focus most of his energy on Taobao's logistics. As for Taobao's website, he could either handle it himself or find someone else to handle it.

It was fine for him to handle it temporarily, but if he had to handle it for a long time, Li Mu would not be able to handle it. Therefore, Lei Jianguo was the best candidate for Taobao's COO in Li Mu's mind.

Although Lei Jianguo had a background in computing, his ability in operations was definitely not something an ordinary person could compare to. The hunger marketing model that he created for Xiaomi was simply a miracle in Hua Xia's mobile phone industry. Although the industry and society had different opinions about him, Li Mu still admired him very much. This kind of person knew what he wanted and was willing to achieve his goals at all costs. At the same time, he had the ability to support him to achieve his goals. Therefore, this kind of person was extremely rare.

Li Mu's plan was to first put Lei Jianguo in the role of Taobao's COO and take over the operations of Taobao. At the same time, he would cooperate with Liu Xiaodong to build up Taobao's self-support system. In the future, if there was a chance to get into hardware, he must pull Lei Jianguo out again and let him do what he was best at and best at — making hardware and a comprehensive hardware ecosystem.

Precisely because Lei Jianguo had the intention to join, Li Mu intentionally delayed the meeting for Taobao's daily necessities promotion. He decided to wait until he had discussed with Lei Jianguo before calling him over to participate in this promotion.

Li Mu placed great importance on this promotion. If the previous brand day was said to be the opening song for Taobao's debut online show, then this time would be the finale song for Taobao's debut online show. If they could make a breakthrough this time, then the country would definitely enter the era of national online shopping in advance. Moreover, he also believed that as long as Lei Jianguo participated in this promotion, he would definitely have a strong sense of belonging and attachment to Taobao. A platform that could change the lives of the people in this era was definitely the best platform that he had dreamed of.

The next morning, Lei Jianguo set off for Yan Jing.

After drinking with Boss Ma last night, Lei Jianguo spent the whole night in the hotel bed thinking about his current situation. Thinking about it carefully, Zhuoyue had basically collapsed, and West Mountain Residence had also collapsed by half. Under such circumstances, even if Li Mu did not poach him to Taobao, he would not be able to continue staying in Jinshan. The only way to go was to resign. As for why, there were all kinds of complicated relationships involved.

After arriving in Yan Jing, Lei Jianguo directly took a taxi to Jinshan to meet his talent scout, who was also his boss, Qiu Bojun.

Lei Jianguo and Qiu Bojun had known each other for many years. In the eyes of outsiders, Qiu Bojun was indeed Lei Jianguo's talent scout. Naturally, they also felt that Lei Jianguo had served Jinshan for so many years without any hesitation to repay a debt of gratitude. However, in reality, their relationship was far from what it looked like on the surface.

At this time, Lei Jianguo had grown into a rather capable and experienced big boss in the Internet industry. He was a shareholder of Jinshan and the chairman of Zhuoyue. If it were not for Li Mu's Taobao that had destroyed Zhuoyue, Lei Jianguo would definitely be one of the top VIPs in the industry. The competition between him and Qiu Bojun in Jinshan was especially intense. As the saying went, "A mountain cannot hold two tigers". Lei Jianguo had a great obsession to truly control Jinshan. However, Qiu Bojun was more experienced and had a higher status than him. It was not easy for him to shake him.

The difference in their ideals was the key reason why their relationship gradually became cold. Qiu Bojun was a programmer and the father of WPS. To him, he was more focused on the technical route of software development.

Lei Jianguo was a talent in operating and marketing. At the same time, he was also an ambitious person. He had long felt that the real road to success for Hua Xia's Internet was not to bury oneself in developing software, but in building and operating a platform.

Zhuoyue was an e-commerce platform. It was a local e-commerce platform that was imitated by Amazon. This was also one of the things that Lei Jianguo wanted to do the most. He wanted to do e-commerce and become a large Internet company that was valued at billions or even tens of billions of USD like Amazon.

At the same time, Lei Jianguo also realized the huge profit potential of online games. He really wanted to develop and operate his own online games on Golden Hill. That was why he was especially interested in West Mountain Residence. But these were very different from Qiu Bojun's thinking.

Lei Jianguo had put in a lot of effort to fight for these two extraordinary opportunities. He wanted to use these two areas to prove that he was better than others. These two projects were like two battles that Lei Jianguo had planned for himself. If he won, he would have the chance to sit on the top spot. If he lost, he would not be able to keep his current position.

But to their surprise, the two projects had basically failed under the influence of Li Mu.

Zhuoyue had been destroyed because it had chosen the wrong direction. It should not have imitated Amazon's successful way of selling books in Hua Xia market. Hua Xia's book market had never been prosperous before. How could e-commerce stand out in this market?

It was like a house built on quicksand. Li Mu's tank rumbled as it passed by. He did not even purposely run over it or fire at it. The house itself sank into the quicksand because of the vibrations of the tank.

As for West Mountain Residence … … it was basically down.

Both projects had failed. Under such circumstances, Lei Jianguo knew that it would be hard for him to regain his footing in Golden Hill. Instead of this, he might as well resign and work with Li Mu to do something bigger. Anyway, his thinking had already diverged from Golden Hill's board of directors. If he continued to stay, he would be in a more passive position.

Qiu Bojun did not expect Lei Jianguo to resign after he came back from Zhuhai City. Although he was comforting him, he could not help but feel proud in his heart.

In his opinion, Lei Jianguo had become arrogant in the past two years. He had changed from an executor who completely followed Qiu Bojun's orders to someone who often refuted Qiu Bojun's opinions and tried to mess things up. Qiu Bojun had given him a chance to try for the big picture, but he did not expect that both of his attempts had failed.

Lei Jianguo did not accept Qiu Bojun's offer. He insisted on resigning. He felt that he was no longer suitable for Golden Hill's development. Qiu Bojun tried to persuade him to stay, but he soon gave up and started to talk to him about the shares.

Qiu Bojun meant that even if Lei Jianguo insisted on resigning, it would not be a problem. According to the contract, he could already get more than half of the shares that were promised to him. Golden Hill would follow the contract and take back the remaining shares. Lei Jianguo did not have any objections to this.

Lei Jianguo was also very clear that Qiu Bojun did not really want to keep him. It was very likely that he had wanted him to leave long ago. Although the two of them were friends, they were competitors in work and career. Both of them hoped to beat the other, or at least prevent the other from surpassing them. Lei Jianguo was also very clear about this.

After talking about the shares, Qiu Bojun changed the topic to Outstanding Web.

Qiu Bojun also knew that if the Thunder Lord were to leave, no one would know how to operate the website in the future, and no one would have the confidence to save it from its decline. Hence, the Outstanding Internet could very well die just like that. If the Thunder Lord were to leave, who would take the blame for the collapse of the Outstanding Internet?

Rather than wait for him to leave and then think of someone else to take the blame, why not let him sell the Outstanding Web now and solve the problem once and for all.

Therefore, Qiu Bojun changed his attitude of despising Taobao for asking too low a price, and said to Lei Jianguo, "How about this? You were the one who built Outstanding Web. If you want to leave Jinshan, then I will meet with the person in charge at Lenovo and try to get them to agree to sell off the Outstanding Web. Finally, you can do something for the company and complete the sale of the Outstanding Web. This way, you can consider that you have worked for Jinshan for so many years."

Lei Jianguo nodded and agreed without hesitation. The Outstanding Web was what he wanted to do, and if it failed, he would naturally be responsible. If it was sold at an estimated value of 10 million, the two major shareholders, Jinshan and Lenovo, would only be able to recoup part of the cost, and the rest would be lost. Therefore, he would have to take the blame for the collapse of the Outstanding Web.

Therefore, Qiu Bojun let Lei Jianguo rest in the office first, while he took a car to Lenovo to discuss the sale of the Outstanding Web with the person in charge.

At this moment, Lei Jianguo could not wait to meet up with Li Mu for a chat. He wanted to ask Li Mu what he needed to do and what he could get if he joined Makino Technology. If it was suitable, he would join Taobao. If not, he might as well start his own business.