Chapter 777

When Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to help him contact the Hai Zhou Municipal Government, he had neglected Su Weimin.

It could be said that Li Mu had inadvertently neglected him. When Li Mu was considering the safety of his parents in Hai Zhou, he instinctively thought of the core leadership of the Hai Zhou Municipal Government instead of greeting the Hai Zhou Municipal Public Security Bureau.

To some extent, Li Mu was a little arrogant, but this arrogance was reasonable. With his current comprehensive strength, social status, and influence, if he wanted to go back to Hai Zhou to do something, it was naturally the simplest and most direct way to communicate directly with the core leadership of the Municipal Party Committee.

Because he had directly thought of the Municipal Party Committee and the Municipal Party Committee from the beginning, Li Mu had never remembered that Su Yingxue's father, Su Weimin, was actually the head of the Hai Zhou Municipal Public Security Bureau. Even if he did not look for him, the municipal government would still hand this matter over to the Municipal Bureau. In the end, it would still be handled by Su Weimin.

Su Weimin originally felt a little annoyed because he had to be personally responsible for Li Mu's safety. He did not expect that even his daughter, Su Yingxue, did not know that Li Mu was coming back. Weren't they in a relationship?

They didn't even communicate with each other?

Before today, although Su Weimin did not express his attitude in front of his daughter, he had already accepted Li Mu in his heart. It was the same for his wife, Fang Min. There was no other way. Li Mu's strength was obvious. In the face of such an excellent boy, they could not oppose him at all. When they discussed this matter in private, they even sighed to each other. Sure enough, their daughter had a better taste. Even if their parents opposed it, they still chose Li Mu. They did not expect that Li Mu would directly soar after a year.

As parents, they naturally hoped that their daughter could find an excellent partner. It would be best if he was talented, good-looking, and rich. After all, at this old age, everyone knew the importance of money. Whether to go out by bike or by car, to live in a small bungalow or a big villa, what class to mix in the future, what kind of life and consumption level they could achieve, basically all these things needed money to solve.

Li Mu had everything he needed, so naturally, Su Weimin and Fang Min no longer had any objections. But then again, Li Mu was so excellent that Su Weimin himself felt very pressured. The disparity in strength was there. No matter which of the two young people was pursuing the other, Su Weimin knew that once this matter was spread out, everyone would think that his family was trying to climb up the social ladder.

He had been a policeman for half of his life. The greater the disparity in conditions, the more he had a kind of pride that could only be understood but not expressed in words. He always felt that his family should not become humble just because he was rich.

"Apart from money, you are my daughter's boyfriend, so I am naturally your elder. My leader asked me to be personally responsible for your safety. This is the arrangement of my superior. I am not comfortable, but I will not refuse to accept the order. But you can't ignore my daughter. You two should get along fairly. Even if you are rich, you can't let her be wronged."

What made Su Weimin angry was that Li Mu was busy with his career in Yan Jing. It was not easy for him to come back to Haizhou, but he did not tell his daughter in advance. What did he think of his daughter?

Fang Min's face was also a little pale. The more she thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt. She asked Su Yingxue, "Tell me, what is the situation between you and Li Mu now?

Why do I see that you two are not close at all?

You have been back for so many days, but I have rarely seen him call you. "

Su Yingxue was more or less disappointed in her heart, but she looked very natural on the surface. She said with a smile, "Isn't he busy? I can't help him much, so I don't want to add to his troubles. Besides, he often took time to accompany me in Yan Jing. At that time, his affairs were not exposed, and he was not as busy as he is now."

Su Weimin frowned. "I can understand that he is usually busy and doesn't keep in touch, but why didn't he tell you that he will come back on Saturday?

No matter how busy he is, he should have time to see you when he comes back, right?

Unless he is not prepared to see you. "

Su Yingxue tilted her head and thought for a moment. She said with a smile, "Maybe he wants to surprise me. He often does this."

"Really?" Fang Min seemed to believe it.

Su Yingxue nodded repeatedly. "Li Mu is actually a very romantic person, but he pushed himself too hard when it came to entrepreneurship."

Su Weimin didn't quite believe it and said, "He came back this time to talk to the municipal government about charity donations, but Secretary Ding analyzed it and thought that he might have an ulterior motive for coming back to do charity at this time. I guess he wanted to meet the municipal government for the safety of his parents in Hai Zhou. I guess he came and left in a hurry. Besides, he is a public figure now, and people will recognize him wherever he goes, especially in Hai Zhou. If he really wanted to see you, he should have told you in advance instead of coming here to surprise you."

Su Yingxue said helplessly, "Dad, do people in your generation think that the so-called surprise is the person running downstairs with a loudspeaker and shouting 'An Hong, I miss you'?

Li Mu is not that stupid. He can drive to our house and call me to come downstairs. Isn't that also a kind of surprise? "

Su Weimin's mood was quite complicated. On the one hand, what Su Yingxue said made sense. On the other hand, if what she said really happened, as her father, he would inevitably be a little jealous.

At this time, Fang Min's mood eased a lot. She said to Su Weimin, "We can't understand the affairs of young people. I don't think too much and don't be angry. When Li Mu comes, let's see if he will look for Ying Xue."

Su Weimin nodded gently and didn't think about it anymore for the time being.

Su Yingxue finally calmed her parents down, but she didn't feel good.

Her father was right. No matter what, she was Li Mu's girlfriend. He had traveled thousands of kilometers to come here. Haizhou was not big, and the city hall was only a five-minute drive from her home. He could have taken some time to see her, but why didn't he tell her?

In the end, she had to learn from her father that he was coming back, which was a little unreasonable.

Su Yingxue felt uncomfortable in her heart, but just like how she comforted her parents, she was also comforting herself. Who asked her to find such a monster? A monster with such a strong business mind that it was almost perverted, but his EQ was obviously far behind hers. Did he like her?

If he didn't like her, why did he chase her to the National People's Congress?

Why did he confess to her in front of so many people?

If he liked her, why didn't he be more intimate with her?

If he liked her, why did he act so cold and strange?

When she had just returned home, Su Yingxue met her best friend in high school. Her friend was admitted to Zhejiang University, so they had only met once during the Chinese New Year. This time, it had been half a year. The two of them specially took a night to sleep in the same bed, exchanging the most private things in their hearts that they wanted to share with their best friend.

Su Yingxue heard from her that she found a boyfriend in school after the winter break. The other party's conditions weren't bad. He was tall and handsome, had a good family background, and knew how to be romantic and considerate. So, not long after the two of them got together, her best friend was possessed and gave her most precious first time to the boy. From then on, the two of them crazily pursued sexual satisfaction as if they were possessed.

Su Yingxue once heard from her friend that she and her boyfriend were looking for opportunities to do it almost every day. It was fine on the weekends, as they could go out and get a room. However, the dormitory had to be checked every night, so it was very difficult to get a chance. Therefore, in the beginning, the two of them usually went to get a room by the hour at noon or in the afternoon. If they were not free at noon or in the afternoon, the two of them even tried to do it at the school field, the grove, the closed cafeteria, or the classroom at night.

Her best friend's description made Su Yingxue, who was usually calm and composed, blush several times. However, her best friend told her very seriously that sex was something that the two of them could not refuse at all, especially for a boy. A 20-year-old boy's needs in this aspect were simply exuberant. Her best friend sometimes felt tired of dealing with it, but she was still tired and happy at the same time.

Even when she returned home during the summer vacation, the boy would pester her on the phone almost every night to talk about those extremely explicit topics. He even specially traveled all the way from Hangzhou to Haizhou to look for her. In order to stay in the hotel to accompany him at night, her best friend specially asked her to help her lie, saying that she wanted her to sleep at her house for a night.

Her best friend had also asked Su Yingxue how far her relationship with her boyfriend had progressed. Su Yingxue honestly explained the situation, and the other party's sigh made Su Yingxue feel particularly embarrassed. She said, "Then your boyfriend must be pestering you to death every day, just like my boyfriend. Before I gave him the chance, he begged me every day like a child. That little face of his was so pitiful that he almost knelt down to me. He didn't look like a man at all. The reason why I agreed to him so quickly was also because he was really annoying. I thought that if I let him pester me like this, I would almost have schizophrenia. How could I date him? I might as well agree to his request …"

Su Yingxue felt embarrassed because Li Mu had never pestered her like this before.

She thought about it with her fingers. Li Mu had asked her a few times, but only a few times. Although she had rejected him every time, she did have her own reasons.

However, after such a long time, Li Mu had never mentioned it even once. Previously, she had thought that it must be because he was busy, but after hearing her best friend talk about the impulses and exuberant needs of a 20-year-old boy, she felt very uncertain in her heart.

Li Mu was a normal man. Why was his attitude in this aspect so much colder than her best friend's boyfriend?

This contrast was really too strong. Even if he didn't have time to think about it, he should have some physiological impulses, right?