Chapter 460

Today is the first time that Chen Wan has officially entered the studio to record the show.

Since the morning, she has been recording the two episodes of "Happy Camp" at the end of May in the No. 1 recording studio of Xiangnan Satellite TV. It was indeed a big challenge for Chen Wan to record two episodes in a row the first time she entered the studio.

But fortunately, her personal professional quality is indeed very good, plus several veteran hosts are also very friendly to her, so the whole process was very smooth, there were no mistakes that she worried about, and she did not drag down the whole program team.

Although Chen Wan is a newcomer in Xiangnan Satellite TV, everyone knows that she has long been quite popular. Most importantly, she has the strong support of two companies, Makino Technology and Makino Image. Although Makino Image is only a newly established film and television culture company, Makino Technology is amazing. It affects tens of millions of netizens, and its influence on the Internet is much greater than that of Xiangnan Satellite TV, so everyone has given Chen Wan more friendliness than all the newcomers.

Of the two episodes recorded today, the most important one is the first, because this episode is a special episode of "Old Boys". The entire simple plan band, as well as Du Wei, are on the scene to support Chen Wan.

In the process of recording the show, the simple plan band and Du Wei are instinctively closer to Chen Wan, which also makes Chen Wan have a very high exposure rate in the first episode of "Happy Camp", and Chen Wan's generous and witty hosting style has also been greatly appreciated by the program team.

In this episode, simple plan sang "Old Boys" live, and Du Wei also sang "That Year in a Hurry" live. Judging from the situation of the live audience chorus, these two songs are really so popular that no one can't sing them.

The most important thing is that in the first episode of the show, the host and guests also officially launched the brand-new party game "Who is Undercover" on the stage of "Happy Camp" for the first time, and the game received excellent comedy and interactive effects on the scene, which made the audience enjoy watching it. When the game came to the wonderful part, the enthusiastic audience almost overturned the roof of the recording studio.

Director Zhou Sheng also knew how to return the favor. He specially arranged for He Lu to deliberately inform the audience before playing the game that Chen Wan had brought this game and selflessly shared it with the program crew. For this, the other hosts even had a special round of applause to express their gratitude. Even Chen Wan herself did not expect this.

During the recording of the two episodes, Zhou Sheng couldn't help sighing while the host was changing his costume and makeup. "Our 'Happy Camp' has never had such a good live effect, right?"

The assistant next to him nodded. "That's right. The audience members are all employees of the sponsoring companies. They're not very willing to participate in the first place. They'll only be more enthusiastic if there's an employee who's more interested. But today, the audience was really too excited. The live effects of Who's Undercover are really better than expected. After this episode, I think our ratings will increase a lot. We'll definitely stand out from all the other variety shows."

"Yeah, there's a new game, a new host, heavyweight guests, and the support of Makino Technology on the Internet. The ratings and reputation of this episode will definitely explode."

Zhou Sheng couldn't suppress the excitement in his heart. At the same time, his impression of Chen Wan improved. She gave him such a big gift as soon as she came. This girl was really his lucky star.

After the recording of the two episodes, the program crew was going to find a restaurant to celebrate. When the hosts were removing their makeup in the dressing room, Li Xiang picked up her phone and saw a text message. She was surprised and couldn't help but ask her assistant, "Caicai, about the core team of 3321 coming to 'Happy Camp' to record the charity special program, which episode is it?"

The girl called Caicai answered without hesitation, "Sister Xiang, it's the second episode in June."

Li Xiang said, "It'll be recorded in the second half of May."

Caicai nodded.

Li Xiang asked again, "Has the list of people from 3321 been finalized?

Is it their founder, Li Mu? "

Caicai thought about it and said, "I don't think so. Among the people from their side, the person with the highest position is called Dong Ai."

Li Xiang muttered to herself, "That Li Mu does things in such a high-profile manner. It would be great if I could invite him."

When Chen Wan heard her talk about Li Mu, she couldn't help but laugh and said, "Sister Xiang, it seems that Li Mu hasn't shown up in 3321 for a long time, right?"

"That's right."

Li Xiang nodded and said with a smile, "Today's report with his real name will definitely go viral all over the country tomorrow. It would be great if he could come to the recording of the program at the end of the month."

Chen Wan asked curiously, "Report with his real name?

What's going on? "

Li Xiang handed the phone to Chen Wan and said, "Here, see for yourself."

Chen Wan took the phone and found that it was a text message from "Zhang Dandan". Chen Wan knew Zhang Dandan. She was the host of Xiangnan Satellite TV's evening news, and the content of her text message shocked Chen Wan.

"Sister Xiang, Li Mu of 3321 just asked the CEO of 3321, Dong Ai, to issue a media notice to report the two directors of Yanjing Film Academy for corruption and bending the law. There have been hundreds of media outlets responding to this matter. It is estimated that it will become a hot topic in the near future. The core team of 3321 will be on your program soon. You can pay attention to it."

When Chen Wan saw this, the first thought that came to her mind was whether Li Mu had been bullied. Otherwise, with his character, he would not have made such a big deal out of it and mobilized all the media resources. This was simply unimaginable.

However, she did not show great surprise in front of Li Xiang, nor did she directly call Li Mu, because Li Mu's other identity was still very mysterious to most people, and Xiangnan Satellite TV was no exception. Although they had talked about cooperation with Makino Image and had also received the promise of help from Makino Technology for publicity, the person who interacted with them was not Li Mu. No one knew the specific situation of the boss of Makino Technology and Makino Image.

Thinking of this, Chen Wan said to the makeup artist, "Lil Bei, wait for me, I'll go to the bathroom."

The makeup artist hurriedly stopped her movements. Chen Wan got up, picked up her mobile phone from the table and went out of the dressing room. She found an empty corner and called Li Mu.

At this time, Li Mu was testing the backstage of Taobao at home. When he saw Chen Wan calling him, he hurriedly answered and said with a smile, "Sister, you're still up so late?"

Chen Wan couldn't help but ask directly, "I heard that you issued an announcement to the media. What's wrong?

What happened? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's nothing big. I just can't stand the way some people do it. I want them to pay the corresponding price for what they've done."

Chen Wan asked, "Is it necessary to make such a big deal out of it?

I'm afraid that it will have a bad impact on you. "

Li Mu smiled and comforted her, "Don't worry, sister, everything I reported is real."

"What if the police can't find any evidence?"

"If they can't find any evidence, they will at most sue me for slander. If that's the case, I'll admit it. Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Chen Wan was a little relieved and said, "Then you have to take care of it yourself."

Li Mu responded and heard some messy noises coming from around her. He couldn't help but ask her, "You're not home yet? It's so late."

Chen Wan said, "I went to the studio today and just finished recording two episodes."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Really?

How was it? "

Chen Wan said sincerely, "Very good. It should be the best episode in the history of 'Happy Camp'."

"When will it be broadcast?"

"In the second half of the month."

"I'll be the first to watch it then."

Chen Wan said, "I'm on leave tomorrow. There's nothing for the next week. I plan to rest tomorrow and go back to Yanjing the day after."

"Okay." Li Mu said with a smile, "Tell me the flight number after you buy the ticket. I'll go pick you up."

"Okay, then I'll talk to you later. I haven't finished removing my makeup. They said they're going to celebrate after."

"Okay, be careful. Don't drink casually when you're out of town."

"Okay, I know. You should rest early too."

…

At this time, Li Mu, who was at the center of the incident, was quite calm. He was busy reviewing the backend of Taobao website and the work emails. As for what happened to Wang Xinran, he just needed to leave the rest to the media to solve. Xu and Dan would definitely be investigated, arrested, interrogated, and finally sentenced. The Film Academy would definitely stand up and correct all the mistakes. Wang Xinran would definitely re-enter the school, and Chen Yueyue would definitely not be able to enter the gate of the Film Academy. If there were any changes in the process, he would mobilize more powerful resources to push it forward.

Most of the backend functions of Taobao website had been completed. The development of the program for the front desk was almost completed. However, Li Mu was still not satisfied with some of the details shown. He had sorted out a document and sent it to the designers to make some changes and strive to make it better.

At the moment, Fang Xudong had written the core framework for Taobao website. It wouldn't take too long to adjust the front and back offices. The function of embedding QQ in the trading system had also been developed. When the interface with Alipay was completed, they would debug it together. At that time, a complete framework would be completed. All that was left was to fill in some details and modify them. After these were done, the platform could be announced as completed. The rest would be handed over to the operations department.

Lin Ching-ah told Li Mu in the email that she had arranged for someone to apply for the patent for the MP3 player design. The information of the OEM factory was also attached. As for which factory, it would be up to Li Mu to decide.

The patent for Arya's MP3 player was under Li Mu's name. He planned to register a personal brand before the MP3 player started production. Then, he would package his brand and hardware to Easy Listening Technology. When the time comes, Easy Listening would have an additional naming rights for the MP3 player. It would be like Nokia's customized mobile phone. It wouldn't affect Nokia's brand image.

Li Mu's reason for doing this was simple. He wanted to use the MP3 player as an experiment in the hardware field. If this MP3 player could become a hit, it would make a hardware brand popular. In his eyes, Easy Listening was just a chess piece and an ATM. After the Tieba forum was built, its role as a chess piece would become less and less important. All that was left was the ATM. He would sell it to Baidu step by step. So, he couldn't just give the patent and brand to Easy Listening Technology for nothing.

In the end, Easy Listening Technology would announce to the public that it had exclusively customized a certain brand of MP3 player and designated Easy Listening's official flagship store on Taobao as the only channel to sell this MP3 player. Finally, Easy Listening Technology would use various online resources of Muye Technology to direct users to Taobao. Everyone would complete the order and payment on Taobao, and finally, the postal company would deliver the MP3 player. After that, everyone would remember Easy Listening, Taobao, and the brand of the MP3 player. A single investment would benefit multiple layers of people.