Chapter 758

At this moment, my heart was filled with emotion, because since the publication of the book on January 11th, 2016, "Rebirth to the Perfect Era" has passed for a whole year!

One year, 365 days, 2.43 million words, 754 chapters. I dare not say that I never stopped updating, but most of the time, I was very stable and diligent in writing.

To be honest, when I published the book, I never thought that I could persist for so long. I thank all the original readers for their support and love for such a long time. If it weren't for you, I might have given up writing on a physically and mentally exhausted night.

In the past year, to be honest, I quite admire myself. As a small DS in the internet industry, I can still write more than 2.4 million words in a year despite the normal overtime and endless messes. I think this is really very, very awesome.

I remember when the book first started, I persisted for a long time every day at four chapters. At that time, I used all the time I could use. Not only did I stay up late every night to write, I even bought an ultra-thin book, and every day during lunch break, I hid in an empty cubicle in the company to write for an hour.

Of course, all the effort was very worth it. Half of the leaders of this book were born at that stage.

Later, I also wanted to get back that kind of energy and state, but as the work got busier, I couldn't get off work before 8 o 'clock every day, and I started to work overtime on Saturdays. I really didn't have the basic conditions for continuous outbursts. As a result, I still owe the new leader [Qu Ritian] extra chapters. Under the situation of at least two chapters a day and at least six thousand words, I can't pay the debt even if I want to. I'm very sorry.

I often see friends' comments in the comments section, asking me to quit and write full-time. I admit that the income from writing has exceeded my salary a lot, but I can't convince myself to quit because of my first book and seeing some results. Moreover, I don't know what the life of a full-time writer is like. Writing every day and having less contact with people is too boring. If I don't go to work and write at home every day, I'm afraid I might not be able to adapt.

But I also think that if I can maintain the results of 2017, or even make a push, maybe I can find an easier job, working eight hours a day, five days a week. That's really happy just thinking about it.

I'm not a very emotional person. Since the book was published, I have not posted a single chapter asking for votes, subscriptions, or rewards, except for the routine acceptance speech and rejection speech. It's not that I don't want to post, but I'm not very good at encouraging others to help, and I don't want things to be too pretentious, so I can only say a few words at the end of the chapter. The reason why I'm posting this chapter today is because it's the one-year anniversary. I feel that I should leave something for myself and for the past year of this book.

On the first anniversary of the publication of this book, I would like to thank Qidian's editor once again. You're the one who discovered this book, and you're also the one who discovered mine. When Qidian was about to split into groups and you were no longer in charge of urban novels, you still tried your best to guide me, give me advice, and discuss the structure of the story with me. I will never forget your kindness!

Of course, I also want to thank the leader of the urban workplace group, Hu Shuo, and the editor, Fanfan. Thank you for nurturing me all this time!

Finally, I want to thank all the readers who support the original book. Each of your subscriptions is the fundamental motivation for me to get to where I am today. I hope that the readers of this book can support the original book as much as possible. The number of updates I have every month is only the price of a pack of cheap cigarettes. Just think of it as giving me a can of Red Bull for staying up late to write.

On this one-year anniversary, thank you all, thank you!

Bow!

The road is long, and I look forward to continuing to walk side by side with you all!

Bow!