Chapter 1028

When countless American college students were crazy about "Paradise Town" and Li Mu began to prepare for his trip to the United States, the entire campus of the National People's Congress was also in a frenzy because of a great happy event.

Somehow, just a few days ago, the famous Harvard Business School in the United States suddenly took the initiative to contact the School of Economics of the National People's Congress, which was not well-known in the world, as if there was something wrong with its brain.

Harvard first took the initiative to express the hope that it could form a friendly relationship with the School of Economics of the National People's Congress. This request alone surprised the leaders of the National People's Congress.

Harvard Business School was the number one business school in the world, while the School of Economics of the National People's Congress was not ranked in the world. The gap between them was really amazing.

As the leader of business schools, there were many business schools around the world that took the initiative to make friends with Harvard Business School every year. The National People's Congress used to be the group that wanted to make friends with them but could not find a way. As a result, they did not expect that a pie would fall from the sky. Harvard Business School actually came to them by itself. This was just like a dream, and it was even better than a dream.

This feeling was like Michael Jackson suddenly wanted to take the initiative to become Wang Banbi's sworn brother. One was the world's number one, and the other was a Yan Jing veteran who was not related to the world. Even if the latter was dreaming, he would not be able to make such a plot.

What was even more incredible was that Harvard Business School even took the initiative to propose a very attractive exchange program to the National People's Congress. The details were as follows:

Harvard Business School and the School of Economics of the National People's Congress would each select eight sophomores for a semester-long exchange. As for the specific expenses, Harvard suggested that it would pay for the tuition and living subsidies of the foreign exchange students. That was to say, the tuition and living expenses of the eight students sent by Harvard to the National People's Congress would be paid by the National People's Congress, while the eight students sent by the National People's Congress to Harvard would be paid by Harvard, which meant that all 16 people would be paid by the public.

Of course, the National People's Congress had no objection to this. The school leaders only thought that after establishing a friendly relationship with Harvard Business School, the National People's Congress would become more famous and influential. Therefore, for them, let alone being responsible for the tuition and miscellaneous fees of the eight exchange students, even if they were asked to be responsible for the tuition and miscellaneous fees of all the exchange students, they would still be very willing to pay Harvard a few million yuan.

Driven by the huge gap in the comprehensive strength and influence of the two colleges, the National People's Congress almost unconditionally accepted all the suggestions of Harvard and interpreted the meaning of the word "efficiency" very well. When the young people on the Harvard campus were still crazy about "Paradise Town", the National People's Congress had signed an agreement with Harvard remotely and directly entered the selection process.

As soon as the news came out, the entire National People's Congress was shocked. All the teachers and students went crazy. Even those students who were not included in the exchange were envious of the students of the School of Economics, and the students of the School of Economics were envious of the sophomores.

As for the sophomores of the School of Economics, everyone was basically working hard, hoping to be selected as the only eight exchange students and go to Harvard Business School, the Holy Palace of Business School.

For many domestic college students, "international exchange students" were extremely good opportunities, especially those who were exchanged to Europe and the United States. Not only could they broaden their horizons and increase their knowledge, but they could also have the opportunity to practice their English language skills in the best environment. More importantly, this kind of exchange student experience would be very helpful for the postgraduate entrance examination, study abroad, and even employment in the future.

This time, countless people were eyeing the eight precious exchange seats of the National People's Congress. Not only the outstanding students of the entire School of Economics, but also many second-year rich businessmen and officials' children were also eyeing this opportunity. It was said that there were several children of billionaires and descendants of provincial and ministerial officials. As a result, the door of the office of the dean, the dean, and even the principal's office was almost broken by people.

Su Yingxue happened to be on the list of exchange students this time. Although she was particularly eager, she did not have any hope for these eight seats.

On the one hand, when she entered the school, her ranking in the entire School of Economics was below 50. Although she was also very diligent in her studies, after all, after entering the university, she had loosened the tight string that she had been in since the third year of high school. Now, her overall ranking was in the 70s. Coupled with the fact that her family did not have any strength or background, it was simply impossible for her to compete for these seats.

However, although Su Yingxue did not have any hope in her heart, like other sophomores of the School of Economics, she was looking forward to the announcement of the final list, hoping that a miracle would happen.

It was said that because Harvard had long known the importance of "relations", "background", and "back door" in China, after signing the contract, the Harvard Business School made a series of special requirements for the selection of students to the National People's Congress.

First of all, among the eight exchange students of the National People's Congress, at least five of them must be from a fair ranking based on results. These five people must be selected from the students with the highest ranking. If one of them gave up, he would automatically be moved to the next place. However, no favoritism or fraud was allowed. Otherwise, Harvard had the right to immediately stop the cooperation.

Secondly, the dean of the School of Economics of the National People's Congress had the right to recommend a student. The sophomores of the School of Economics of the National People's Congress had the right to recommend a student. The recommendation of the last seat was unexpectedly given to a foreign teacher of the School of Economics of the National People's Congress.

The first five seats were required to be ranked according to results. This was naturally fair and reasonable. The right to recommend to the dean and the sophomores was naturally based on respect for the National People's Congress. The allocation of these seven seats reflected Harvard's comprehensive consideration. They not only guaranteed that at least five seats for outstanding students, but also took into account the broad and profound word "relations" of Hua Xia to a certain extent.

As for the last seat of the eight precious seats, according to Harvard's request, the decision was given to the foreign teacher of the National People's Congress who was responsible for teaching Western economics.

It was a bit strange for Harvard to give one of the eight seats to a foreign teacher who did not hold any leadership position. However, the National People's Congress soon understood the reason for Harvard's allocation.

The foreign teacher of the National People's Congress was an alumnus of Harvard and had always had a very close relationship with his alma mater. This time, when the two schools established a friendship college, the foreign teacher became the person most trusted by Harvard on the side of the National People's Congress. Therefore, Harvard specified that the foreign teacher of the National People's Congress, who was also a Harvard alumnus, should be given a seat. The National People's Congress also respected Harvard's request very much.

After the allocation rules were exposed, most of the sophomores of the School of Economics were in despair. It seemed that it was really not easy to become a Harvard exchange student. One must either be in the top five in the whole grade, or have family connections and connections that could be used to bribe the dean or the sophomores, or one must be able to bribe the foreign teacher.

For a time, all the students who felt that they had a little hope immediately began to show their magic. Some people had their eyes on the seats of the dean and the sophomores and had begun to bribe the foreign teacher. Some people had their eyes on the seat in the hands of the foreign teacher and began to throw sugar-coated bullets at him. It was said that some parents offered the foreign teacher one million yuan in exchange for a chance for their children to study at Harvard Business School for half a year.

Unlike everyone else who was holding back and racking their brains to think of a way, as soon as the specific allocation rules were announced, Su Yingxue completely lost hope. Her grades were far from the top five, and she had no connections, no background, and no financial resources to bribe these connections. Therefore, the eight seats definitely had nothing to do with her.

After calming down, Su Yingxue went to school as usual and no longer spent any effort on this matter. Unexpectedly, after the western economics course of the foreign teacher, the foreign teacher suddenly stopped Su Yingxue, who was about to leave the classroom, and said in English, "Yingxue, can you come to my office later?"

Su Yingxue didn't think much about it. The professor asked her to go to the office, so she naturally couldn't refuse, so she nodded gently and replied in English, "Of course, Ms. Simpson."

Jenny Simpson, who was only in her early thirties, smiled and said to her, "Wait for me for a moment. When I'm done, we'll leave together."

Su Yingxue nodded gently and stood not far from the podium. When Jenny Simpson finished packing her textbooks, she left the classroom with her and went straight to her office.

Along the way, many students noticed that Jenny Simpson and Su Yingxue were walking side by side. For a while, there were rumors. Someone said, "Su Yingxue has probably succeeded in bribing Jenny Simpson. Many people are eyeing the spot in Jenny Simpson's hands. It seems that Su Yingxue will get it."

Someone also raised doubts. "What background does Su Yingxue have?

She seems to be from a small place, right?

Her family situation is just above average. I heard that someone offered Jenny Simpson one million. How could Su Yingxue get the spot in her hands? "

Someone who was not convinced said, "Su Yingxue's grades are not the best, right?

She doesn't perform well in Jenny Simpson's classes. If Jenny Simpson really gave the spot to her, there must be some shady dealings! "

"Hey, what are you worrying about? Harvard deliberately left three spots for under-the-table manipulation. These three spots were originally prepared for shady dealings. Whoever has the right connections will get the spot."

"That's still my question. What connections and strength does Su Yingxue have?"

"I don't know if Su Yingxue has connections or not, but don't forget that she is Li Mu's girlfriend. Li Mu is so strong now. He should be able to help Su Yingxue with such a small matter, right?"

"Oh, now that you mention it, I think that Li Mu is the one behind Harvard looking for our school this time, right?

Otherwise, why would Harvard rush to cooperate with our school? "

"Hey, what you said does make sense!"

"What you said makes sense, but there is one thing I don't understand."

"What is it?"