Chapter 1824

Li Mu did not have many friends in the entertainment industry. Other than Du Wei, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were his real friends.

Therefore, when he saw the two of them coming from the United States, he was very pleased. Especially when he saw that the two of them were in good condition, he was even more relieved.

In Li Mu's impression, the two of them were rare good people in the entertainment industry, and they both died young in their previous lives. Seeing that they were still alive in front of him, Li Mu was also very pleased.

Li Mu introduced the two of them to his parents, other friends, and colleagues. The two legendary superstars of Hong Kong suddenly attracted a lot of attention.

Just when everyone was happy and harmonious, the bell ringing ceremony was about to officially begin.

Therefore, under the guidance of the staff, the crowd came to the hall. At this time, the hall was already crowded, surrounded by media reporters, guests, and enthusiastic audiences.

Li Mu arranged for his parents and a group of friends to sit in the VIP seats that had been prepared for them. After the person in charge of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange finished his opening remarks, he stepped onto the podium.

For a moment, the sound of shutters under the stage sounded like countless machine guns, clicking non-stop.

Li Mu stood on the podium and said with a smile, "In 2001, I chose to start a business, but at that time, I never thought that I could make a business to this point.

"In the past two years, together, we have created an unprecedented Internet business empire. This is not the result of my efforts alone, but the result of the joint efforts of everyone in Makino Technology. At the same time, it is also the result of the vigorous development of the Internet, and the strong support of the national policy.

"Makino Technology is committed to letting the Internet affect more people and benefit more people. At the same time, it is also committed to promoting Hua Xia, which is the vigorous development of the Internet industry in the world.

"Since the first half of last year, we have set up an investment department. Through entrepreneurship competitions, venture capital, and other means, we have supported a large number of domestic Internet entrepreneurship projects, and achieved very good results. We have also cultivated a group of very strong and very potential entrepreneurial teams. This time, Makino Technology will also be listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On the one hand, we will open a channel for domestic Internet companies to go public, and on the other hand, we hope to bring a wave of technology stocks to Hong Kong.

"Finally, I would like to thank all my relatives and friends who are here today for witnessing this historic moment with me. The listing of Makino Technology is not the highest point of this company. On the contrary, it is just a new starting point for the company. From this moment on, our responsibilities will also become greater. We are not only carrying the interests of thousands of employees in Makino Technology, but also the interests of hundreds of thousands or even millions of shareholders. Therefore, from now on, Makino Technology will definitely move forward and create the next peak."

At the end of the short speech, Li Mu raised his hand and rang the bell for the listing.

Makino Technology, under the attention of the world, was finally listed successfully on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This became the most watched news in the world that day.

On the day of the listing, the market's expectations for Makino Technology were so hot that the stock price of Makino Technology rose by 43% on the first day, setting a global record of 645 billion US dollars.

With the smooth listing of Makino Technology, Li Mu withdrew more funds and invested them in various research and development work, as well as cloud computing data services. At this time, the global Internet was hot because of the listing of Makino Technology. Therefore, global Internet start-up projects sprang up like bamboo shoots after a rain.

Since the bursting of the Internet bubble in 2000, the Internet industry finally ushered in a desperate situation. Capital regained confidence in the Internet industry, and a large amount of hot money began to flow into the Internet industry from the market, promoting the further development of the industry.

The cloud computing services that Makino Technology had been accumulating for a long time finally ushered in a huge market dividend. In a short period of time, it became a cloud computing giant with a market share of more than 70%.

When the world's Internet was hot, peers and capital understood why Li Mu had set up data processing centers all over the world from the beginning. It turned out that he had long seen the re-emergence of the Internet and the large number of new enterprises would bring a large number of data processing needs, so he prepared in advance and seamlessly connected with this wave of dividends.

Because of the rapid development of cloud computing services, Makino Technology's recognition in the market increased a lot.

At the same time, the market value of Makino Technology, after several fluctuations, gradually stabilized at the 700 billion US dollar mark.

However, the current market value was meaningless to Li Mu and Makino Technology itself. It was nothing more than 10% of the tradable shares changing hands in the market. Some people bought low and sold high, and they made money. Some people bought high and sold low, and they lost money.

After the listing of Makino Technology, Li Mu began to promote the business expansion of Taobao.

Taobao had now become a domestic monopoly e-commerce platform, and Taobao Logistics, which was supported by Taobao, had also become the leading domestic express delivery company. It had a very efficient express delivery turnover system, with a large number of civil passenger cabin resources, luggage and parcel train resources, and a huge number of road transportation fleets. It was in an absolute leading position in the country.

Now, Taobao Logistics had set up its own airline company. The first step was to buy three second-hand civil cargo planes from China Airlines and use them in the point-to-point transportation business in four first-tier cities in China.

A normal passenger plane has a lot of space for passengers, and a small part of the space for passengers' luggage. That's why the space in the cabin is limited. A flight can only carry about 10 cubic meters of cargo, and there are strict restrictions on the weight.

But once Taobao Logistics has its own passenger plane, the total amount of cargo that can be carried on each flight will be more than 100 times of the passenger cabin. This will greatly increase the overall efficiency and capability of Taobao Logistics.

As for Taobao Logistics itself, due to business needs, it was equipped with a large number of self-operated warehouses. It was equivalent to having a strong warehouse system. Therefore, Taobao's overall strength continued to grow. Sect Leader Lei had even started to set his sights on developing overseas and was prepared to compete with Amazon's core business.

Li Mu was the one who planned and pushed for Lei Jianguo to compete with Amazon.

Although Taobao does not have many overseas businesses, Li Mu still wants to target Amazon.

Currently, Amazon's core business is e-commerce.

But in the future, Amazon's cloud service will be the best in the world.

Li Mu didn't want Amazon's enterprise cloud to have a huge impact on Muye Technology in the future, so he wanted to solve the problem from the source. He wanted to make it so that Amazon wouldn't have the energy to worry about the new cloud business.

This way, Feng Yu will have one less competitor.