Chapter 1798

At that moment, Leonardo jumped out of the parachute at the last moment. Before the parachute could fully open, he fell into the dense forest. Fortunately, a large number of branches blocked his fall and hooked onto the parachute, which saved him from death.

He didn't dare to delay any longer. He immediately cut off the rope, looked back at the plane that had crashed and exploded, and ran into the depths of the forest.

What he wanted to do now was to get as far away from the plane as possible. That way, the possibility of the Japanese soldiers finding him would be lower.

It would be best if he could get out of the Japanese occupation zone.

At that moment, the scene kept changing.

The Japanese soldiers were running quickly through the forest with a large canopy in their hands.

Then, three farmers, one in front and two at the back, also ran quickly.

Leonardo couldn't tell which direction to go, but he kept looking back at the burning plane to confirm that it was heading in the opposite direction. He kept running in the opposite direction.

As he ran, Leonardo suddenly heard footsteps. He immediately jumped into the dense bushes and rolled to the bottom of a slope. He nervously held his breath and listened to the movements above him.

At that moment, the scene changed to the Japanese soldiers. One of them suddenly shouted, "There's movement over there!"

The Japanese soldiers immediately stopped. The soldier pointed at the bushes not far away and said in a low voice, "There's movement over there!"

The Japanese soldiers immediately stopped. The soldier pointed at the bushes not far away and said in a low voice, "I heard movement over there!"

Leonardo was nervous and afraid. He carefully took out his gun and loaded it, ready to fight to the death with the Japanese soldiers.

At that moment, the Japanese soldiers on the screen had already surrounded them. The Japanese captain had a sinister look on his face as he gestured for everyone to raise their bayonets.

Everyone immediately raised their bayonets high, like fishermen using harpoons to catch fish.

Then, the captain counted to three with his fingers, and everyone suddenly stabbed their bayonets down.

At that moment, a few black shadows suddenly appeared above Leonardo's head.

Just when the audience thought that Leonardo had been discovered by the Japanese soldiers and might even die under their bayonets, the scene returned to the scene of the Japanese soldiers wielding their bayonets. Suddenly, a frightened hare jumped out of the bushes and ran away in a panic.

The captain was stunned. He then kicked the soldier who had said that there was movement and cursed, "B * stard!"

The soldier was kicked to the ground. He hurriedly got up and bowed. "I'm sorry, I was mistaken!"

The captain roared, "What are you waiting for?

Continue forward!

If the pilot of the Flying Tigers escapes, I'll shoot you! "

At this moment, the scene returned to Leonardo.

The moment Leonardo raised his gun nervously, he realized that the figures that had suddenly appeared were not Japanese soldiers, but three men dressed as Hua Xia farmers.

He finally breathed a sigh of relief and said in broken Chinese, "I'm a pilot of the Flying Tigers. I … I …"

As he spoke, he did not know how to continue. He hurriedly took out a piece of paper from his pocket. On it was written in Chinese: I am a member of the Flying Tigers. Please hand me over to the Flying Tigers or the national government. They will reward you with ten taels of gold.

The old farmer said, "I can't read. Hurry up and come with us. Otherwise, it will be troublesome when the Japanese find us!"

Leonardo did not understand what this meant. The old farmer simply grabbed his sleeve and pulled him in the direction they had come from.

Leonardo hurriedly followed them. They ran all the way into a small village at the foot of a mountain at night.

The old farmer directly brought Leonardo back to his house. When he pushed the door open, his daughter was sewing clothes in the thatched hut with an oil lamp. Although the girl's clothes were very simple and there were no traces of makeup on her, she was still so beautiful that it made one's heart beat faster.

At this moment, Du Wei appeared.

Seeing that her father had brought a foreigner home, Du Wei was so shocked that she hurriedly asked, "Father, who is he?"

This was the first time that Leonardo and Du Wei met. In the dilapidated thatched hut, under the dim yellow light of the oil lamp, Leonardo was attracted by Du Wei's pure and flawless face. He was a little dazed.

At this time, the man said, "This is the pilot of the Flying Tigers. His plane fell down. I think the Japanese are looking for him everywhere. It won't be long before they find us here. I will prepare some food for you. Go and get a set of clothes for him. Then immediately take him up the mountain and hide in the small cave in the back of the mountain."

When Du Wei heard this, her panic immediately disappeared. She nodded and began to help prepare the things.

After a while, Du Wei carried a bag and quietly slipped out of the door with Leonardo.

When they were out the door, Leonardo asked her in English in a low voice, "Where are we going?"

Du Wei didn't speak English, so she gestured at him to keep quiet. She ran all the way out of the village and led him up the mountain in the dark under the hazy moonlight.

Leonardo followed her into the mountain and then asked, "Miss, where are we going?"

Du Wei said directly in Mandarin, "Every time a plane from the Flying Tigers lands, the Japanese and the Japanese will come to search. In the past, the villagers dared to hide the pilot in cellars or dry wells, but the Japanese are not so easy to fool. They will find the pilot every time. Not only will the pilot die, but the villagers who hide him will also suffer. So we have to hide further away. The Japanese are not familiar with the mountain roads here. If they can't find the pilot in the village, they will go to another village."

Leonardo didn't understand what she was saying at all. He could only say awkwardly, "Miss, I don't understand what you are saying. Do you speak English?"

After saying that, he said self-deprecatingly, "I'm thinking too much. If you could speak English, you would have said it long ago … Hey, you know, I really regret not learning Chinese when I came to the Flying Tigers. Otherwise, I would have been able to communicate with you."

Du Wei also said to herself in Mandarin, "Wait a few days in the mountain. When the Japanese relax, my father will find a way to send you back to the Flying Tigers."

"Flying Tigers!"

Leonardo understood the three Chinese words and immediately said excitedly in broken Mandarin, "I am a member of the Flying Tigers!

Flying Tigers!

Fighting the Japanese! "

Du Wei nodded and said, "I know you are the Flying Tigers. I know that the Flying Tigers fight the Japanese."

Leonardo laughed and said, "Yeah, yeah. Flying a plane to fight the Japanese. Da da da da da."

Seeing him dancing with joy, Du Wei couldn't help but say, "Why were you so careless when fighting the Japanese? Did they shoot you down?"

Leonardo didn't understand either. He said with a smile, "Miss, do you know that you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen? In Texas, I know many fashionable blondes, but they can't compare to you. From the first time I saw you, I fell in love with you!"

Du Wei felt her way as she walked and said, "You are speaking in a foreign language. I don't understand a word."

The two of them spoke one after another, but neither of them understood what the other was saying.

After walking for a long time, Du Wei and Leonardo climbed up a cliff that seemed to have no way to go. There were many crooked trees on the cliff, and they used them to climb.

Leonardo followed Du Wei and climbed up. Then, he discovered that Du Wei found a narrow entrance between two trees. Before entering the entrance, Du Wei took out an earthen flint from her pocket. Inside was a rolled up, dried grass that hadn't been completely burned. After opening it, there was a faint red light inside.

Then, Du Wei blew at the red light a few times, and very quickly, a flame appeared.

The flame illuminated Du Wei and the entrance.

Although the entrance was very narrow, it was a completely different world inside. It was a cave about ten square meters in size. There was an oil lamp in the cave, a pile of dried grass, and a few old and patched cloths.

Du Wei lit the oil lamp and spread a piece of cloth on the pile of dried grass. Then, she used another piece of cloth to hang at the entrance of the cave to block the light. Then, she took out a few golden pancakes and a gourd of water from her bag. She gestured to Leonardo and said, "This is called papa, it's for eating. This is filled with water, you can drink it."

Although Leonardo didn't understand what she was saying, he could understand it. He hurriedly nodded and said, "Thank you."

Du Wei smiled back and said, "You don't need to thank me. I should be the one thanking you. My father said that you foreigners came all the way to help us fight the Japanese. You are good people, and we owe you a debt of gratitude."

After saying that, Du Wei stood up and said, "Rest well, I'm going back. Tomorrow, I'll bring you some food. Don't walk around carelessly. If the Japanese discover you, you'll be in trouble."

Leonardo didn't understand, but when he saw Du Wei stand up, he hurriedly asked, "You're leaving?"

Du Wei also didn't understand what he was saying. She put her hands on her face and gestured, "Have a good sleep. I'll see you tomorrow."

Seeing that Du Wei was about to leave, Leonardo hurriedly took out a Zippo lighter from his pocket, opened the lid, and lit the flame. He said to Du Wei, "Take this, it can help you light the way. That thing you blew on just now is too strenuous."

As he said that, he gestured with the action of blowing a match, then waved his hand and pointed at the lighter, giving it a thumbs up.

When Du Wei saw the lighter, she said curiously, "Ah, this thing is amazing. You can light it up just by rubbing it!"

Then, seeing that Leonardo seemed to want to give the lighter to her, she hurriedly waved her hand and said, "I can't take it!"

However, Leonardo kept pushing the lighter towards her, saying, "Take it.

It. Take it.

it。”

Du Wei understood what he meant. She shook her head and said, "If the Japanese discover this thing, it'll be over. I can't take it …"

When Leonardo heard the word "Japanese," he instantly understood what Du Wei meant. He could only nod his head dejectedly. "I understand what you mean. Alright then, when the war is won, I'll give it to you!

I'll keep it for you. "

Du Wei didn't understand, but seeing that he had given up, she smiled sweetly and waved at him. "I'm leaving."

Leonardo watched as Du Wei walked out and hurriedly followed her out with his eyes.

Soon, Du Wei's figure disappeared into the night.

Only then did Leonardo return to the cave, feeling lost. He sat under the oil lamp in a daze.

After a while, he stared at the flickering flame and murmured, "Mom, I want to marry that girl, even though I don't even know her name …"