Chapter 1287

There was no doubt that for the 454 CSC members who owned supercars and luxury cars, not to mention 86 million, even if they added one or two zeros to the back, it would not be difficult. However, this pure charity donation of 86 million was a bit unexpected. The average donation was nearly two hundred thousand yuan.

In fact, the lowest donation from these 454 people was ten thousand yuan, and the highest was two million. Li Mu felt that the CSC members still had a lot of room to be squeezed. If he promoted the Veterans Don't Die charity project and made it a well-known charity project, the CSC club's donation would inevitably have a new round of growth.

The CSC club did not disclose the charity donation or the amount of the donation to the outside world. In the beginning, the club only released the news of the club's official establishment and the recruitment of more than four hundred members.

The explosive effect of the CSC club stunned the high-end clubs and high-end consumer industries in the country.

In the country, CSC was the first high-end club to become so popular.

Generally speaking, any high-end club must have its own positioning and gimmick. Although most clubs relied on a certain hobby, when it came to real operation, there were still great geographical restrictions, industry restrictions, and faction restrictions.

For example, there were not eight hundred or ten golf clubs in the country, but there were at least thirty to fifty. These golf clubs theoretically catered to the country's golf enthusiasts, but they could only really cover a specific target group of people in a specific region. If there were also golf clubs in other regions, it would be difficult for foreign clubs to have actual influence on the local clubs. This was not only a problem of geographical scope, but also a problem of the club's social circle.

A person who lived in Yanjing for a long time, his business, and his social circle in Yanjing joined a golf club in Yanjing. His purpose was not necessarily to really like golf, but to expand some resources that were beneficial to him. In this case, no matter how much the Shanghai golf club advertised, it would not have any attraction to him.

This was the geographical restriction of high-end clubs. Not only was there geographical restriction, but the access to resources and social circle would also be subject to geographical restrictions.

In addition, high-end clubs also had very strong industry restrictions. Some clubs were all real estate tycoons. It could attract high-end people related to the real estate industry. Businessmen in the construction material business would definitely sharpen their brains to join the real estate tycoon club, but the big shots in the internet industry might not be interested in real estate tycoons. Therefore, to some extent, this also limited the horizontal development of high-end clubs.

As for the faction restrictions, it was even easier to understand. If Boss Ma of Teng Xun set up a club, all the senior members of Teng Xun would inevitably join it, but the senior members of Boss Ma's faction might not participate. If Boss Ma also set up a club, then the senior members of Boss Ma's faction would definitely stand according to their own faction. Not only could they not become friends in a club, but they might also fight online all day long.

Because of these objective factors, none of the high-end clubs in the country could achieve enough influence in the country and various industries. Many clubs had worked hard for ten or twenty years, but they only had enough scale in the direction of vertical development. Horizontal development was always a barrier that was difficult to break through.

However, Li Mu's CSC Club had just been established, and it had achieved horizontal development that these high-end clubs did not. Moreover, it had horizontally penetrated the country and the entire industry.

The members of the CSC Club came from all over the country. Even the rich second generation of the South Island traveled thousands of miles to Yanjing to participate in this club. It was enough to show that the influence of this club had long broken through the geographical restrictions.

The family businesses of these rich second generation spanned countless industries. Some were energy tycoons, some were real estate tycoons, and some were plastic kings, home appliance giants, and leaders in the OEM field. Their fathers might compete with each other, despise each other, and be isolated from each other. However, the CSC Club was awesome because no matter where their fathers were from, what they did, or what faction they were in, they directly gathered their descendants together. Young people did not care so much about scheming and consideration, and their personalities were more straightforward. They did not care about those trivial things.

More importantly, the CSC Club had the powerful magnetic field of Li Mu. He was like a powerful neodymium magnet, attracting these iron nails, nuts, steel balls, paper clips, and even tea cups and pencil cases to his side.

The big shots who had operated in the high-end club field for many years did not think that the powerful Li Mu, who could call the wind and summon the rain in the internet industry, could take their lives with a turn of his head. From today onwards, no matter who these clubs recruited, one thing was almost certain, and that was that their children would all be in Li Mu's club. Thinking about it carefully, this was extremely terrifying. In another ten years, when these rich second generation who loved to play with cars all inherited their family businesses, the power behind the CSC Club would probably be beyond imagination.

Interestingly, the ones who were deeply worried and afraid of the CSC Club were the competitors who also operated high-end clubs. Apart from them, the sudden rise of the CSC Club made even more people excited.

The happiest ones were the parents of the members.

Most of the second generation lacked the qualities of their parents who started from scratch, did not fear hardships, and did not fear hardships. In other words, the majority of the rich generation had a certain amount of disappointment in their children. The only difference was the degree of disappointment.

But now, their children finally did something that made them feel gratified. For their children to join the CSC Club, in the eyes of their parents, it was a great improvement.

At least, they found an extremely rich circle that could infinitely expand their connections. Moreover, it was led by Li Mu, so these parents didn't have to worry that the club would become a place for entertainment.

They knew very well that although Li Mu was young, he was definitely a practical person. His ability to do things was even better than many veteran entrepreneurs. Based on the way he did things, it was impossible for him to spend so much effort to create a mess. Even if his children had the time and the mood, Li Mu definitely did not have the energy to play with them.

The parents' recognition of the CSC Club made the CSC Club even more famous. Li Mu even heard that some second generation rich people's families did not allow them to buy sports cars for safety reasons. But after the CSC Club was officially established, when these second generation rich people asked their families to buy sports cars to join the CSC Club, they immediately received the approval of their families.

From the day it was established, the CSC Club was no longer a simple hobby club. Its background, its influence, and the powerful resources behind it made it a top resource gathering place in the eyes of those with discerning eyes. Li Mu's golden signboard also gave it an extremely high foundation and style.

Sports cars were only a hard threshold used to select members. Different from the sports car clubs in his previous life, Li Mu wanted to use the CSC Club to gather these second generation rich people with high net worth and bring them to do proper business. As the CSC Club continued to expand, as his influence on these members continued to increase, in the future, Li Mu would obtain an extremely powerful capital and network.

A club that could donate more than eighty million in a short period of time, if it wanted to gather their funds to help them and themselves earn money, it would not be a problem to take out eighty billion in one night.

…

In addition to making these second generation parents extremely happy, the CSC Club also made many suppliers that specialized in providing high-end products and services go wild with joy.

The most important thing for high-end products and services was to expand the high-end customer base, and the more high-end the customer, the higher the conversion cost, and the CSC Club was a gold mine where a large number of high-end customers gathered!

Currently, the CSC Club had more than four hundred high-end customers who owned sports cars, and this number continued to increase. What kind of concept was this?

Hua Xia's wealthiest young people who knew how to spend the most were probably all here!

In a short period of time, the CSC Club's market cooperation department received a large number of cooperation requests from enterprises. At least a hundred domestic and foreign enterprises took the initiative to offer extremely attractive cooperation terms to the CSC Club. The CSC Club did not need to pay a single cent. As long as they helped these enterprises sell high-end products and services within the club, they would receive at least a 20% share of the sales.

Among them, there was even a well-known Italian sports car brand, Maserati.

Because Cai Zhengmao had always been in the car import and export business, the relevant person in charge of Maserati first contacted him and conveyed their intention to cooperate.

Cai Zhengmao immediately reported the situation to Li Mu and Chen Ze.

Cai Zhengmao said that Maserati had not officially entered the Hua Xia market yet. Maserati was previously planning to enter the Hua Xia market next year, and was currently doing market research and preparatory work. All of the Maseratis on the road in Hua Xia were either smuggled cars or parallel imported cars through automobile dealers.

Maserati was transferred from Fiat to Ferrari a few years ago. In Ferrari's overall strategic plan, Maserati was currently used to make up for Ferrari's own gap in the low-end sports car market. Unlike Ferrari's models that easily cost millions, Maserati's models could be lowered to millions, and its overall price-performance ratio was higher than Ferrari's. Moreover, because Maserati's positioning was not purely a supercar, its products were more suitable for home use than Ferrari.

With lower unit price, higher price-performance ratio, and more suitable for home use, Maserati's potential sales would naturally be much higher than Ferrari's. Therefore, Maserati paid great attention to the future Hua Xia market, hoping to open up a situation in the Hua Xia market and let this brand quickly take root in Hua Xia.

The CSC Club gathered more than 400 members overnight, and at the same time, it also created a short-term peak in transactions for imported sports cars in Hua Xia. This made Maserati realize the market potential of the CSC Club. A CSC Club could basically capture all the young people in Hua Xia who had the ability to consume high-end cars, and Maserati's target audience was such young people who had the ability to consume and pursue fashion and driving fun. Therefore, the target audience was highly compatible. For Maserati, if they could cut into this club, perhaps their business in Hua Xia could be accelerated by three to four years!