Chapter 1109

The moment she replied to Li Mu with an "okay," Wei Lan threw her phone away and hurriedly began to dress. Li Mu was going to the neighborhood she made up last time to pick her up, which meant that she had to arrive earlier than him. If she accidentally bumped into him, it would be hard to explain.

Fortunately, she was born with an impeccable face. Wei Lan simply tidied up her hair, put on a light lipstick, and rushed out of the door. She stopped a taxi at the hotel entrance and went straight to the Vanke Royal View Neighborhood from last time.

Wei Lan was afraid that Li Mu would arrive earlier than her or bump into her, so she deliberately let the driver drive her to the other gate of the neighborhood. The driver had just stopped the car and Wei Lan was about to get out when she received a text from Li Mu: "I'm here."

Wei Lan hurriedly retracted her hand that was about to open the door and texted him: "Where are you?

I'm going to find you now. "

Li Mu replied: "I'm at the place where you got off last time. It's the same car."

As soon as she sent this message, Li Mu sent another message asking her: "Do you want to call your best friend?

Is she free? "

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu said it was the place where she got off last time, so she let out a sigh of relief. She hurriedly pushed the door open and got off, then entered the neighborhood. As she walked quickly, she replied: "My best friend is working overtime and hasn't come back yet."

Li Mu, who was in the car, didn't intend to call her best friend. He was just being polite. Seeing her reply like this, he didn't say anything. He replied with an "okay" and waited for her to appear with peace of mind.

A few minutes later, Wei Lan's figure appeared from the gate of the neighborhood. As soon as she got on the car, Wei Lan noticed that Li Mu was different. She subconsciously asked him: "Ah, why did you grow a beard?"

Li Mu reached out and touched his hard stubble. He said with a smile: "I forgot to shave these days, so I'm a little sloppy."

Wei Lan laughed: "You're still sloppy with a girl accompanying you. Aren't you afraid that the girl will dislike your stubble?"

"Ah?"

Li Mu looked at Wei Lan with a dumbfounded expression. He didn't know why she would say that. Could it be that she knew about his relationship with Chen Wan?

But on second thought, Li Mu felt that it was impossible. His relationship with Chen Wan was very cautious. There shouldn't be a third person who knew about it. It was even more impossible for Wei Lan to know.

At this time, Wei Lan also realized that she might have said something wrong. She hurriedly said, "I was joking with you. Don't take it seriously."

Only then did Li Mu nod his head. He didn't suspect anything. He smiled and said, "I've decided to grow a beard for a while. I'll look more mature this way."

Wei Lan said, "You really are much more mature than before."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good too. We won't have to worry about being recognized when we go to the bar later."

Wei Lan carefully looked at Li Mu and said with a smile, "Although you look more mature and more manly than before, don't you think you're too naive to think that people won't recognize you with just a bit of stubble? Who in the country doesn't have a deep impression of your face?"

Li Mu shrugged. "Why don't we find a bar with more foreigners?"

Wei Lan smiled helplessly and took out a spectacle case from her handbag. She took out a pair of narrow-framed tortoiseshell glasses and handed it to Li Mu. "Put it on."

Li Mu took the glasses and looked at them. They didn't seem to have any prescription, so he asked her, "Are they flat lenses?"

"Mhmm."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "They're anti-radiation. I wear them occasionally. Sometimes, I wear them when I need to discuss business with my business partners. It's just for show."

Li Mu laughed and put on the glasses. He pulled down the vanity mirror on top of his head and looked at it. Needless to say, after putting on the glasses, his entire temperament changed.

Before, Li Mu's hairstyle and appearance made him look cool and unruly. But now that he had a bit of stubble and wore glasses, he looked much more mature and reserved.

Wei Lan stared at Li Mu in a daze. In fact, men in their twenties and thirties basically didn't have much difference in appearance. The real difference was in the temperament and magnetic field they emitted. Li Mu was like those little fresh meat on the big screen in the future. Putting aside his acting skills, as long as he wore a school uniform or a Sea Soul Shirt, he would look like a high school student. But when he changed into a suit, he would immediately become a much more mature professional elite.

The current Li Mu looked like a twenty-seven or twenty-eight year old elite who already had some achievements in the professional world. When Wei Lan looked at him, she even had the illusion that they were about the same age.

Li Mu drove to a relatively famous bar area in Shenzhen and found a dimly lit bar.

Because it was Friday, there were many people in the bar. It was almost full, but Li Mu and Wei Lan still found a small round table in the corner.

The round table was just enough for two people, so they sat across from each other and called the waiter over to order some drinks.

The bar was dimly lit, and with Li Mu's glasses and beard, no one recognized him. Li Mu enjoyed this feeling of not being discovered and was in a good mood.

The only person who constantly reminded Li Mu was the bodyguard, Wang Yuanlang, who was sitting in front of the bar and ordering a glass of beer. Li Mu only saw a familiar face, and it seemed that the other two people were outside and hadn't come in.

Wei Lan asked Li Mu, "You drank. Will you be okay driving later?"

"I don't drive when I drink."

Li Mu subconsciously replied, then said in a low voice, "There's a bodyguard following us. Let him drive later."

Wei Lan suddenly realized, nodded, and said with a smile, "I forgot that you have a bodyguard protecting you 24/7."

Li Mu shrugged and said jokingly, "I can't help it. The key is that I'm too rich …"

Wei Lan couldn't help but smile and said, "You're quite straightforward."

Li Mu didn't know which chord was wrong, but he subconsciously hummed a line, "Southern girl, do you like the straightforwardness of northerners …"

Wei Lan's eyes widened, and she looked at Li Mu in amazement and said, "Your talent is so great that you can open your mouth and improvise a song …"

Only then did Li Mu realize that his mouth had caused trouble. This wasn't an improvisation, it was Zhao Lei's popular song, "Southern Girl."

However, Li Mu couldn't explain it in detail, so he could only say ambiguously, "I was humming it for fun."

Wei Lan blinked, and her gaze completely fell on Li Mu. She said, "Why does it sound so good to me? Southern girl, do you like the straightforwardness of northerners?"

Li Mu chuckled and nodded awkwardly.

Wei Lan carefully savored the lyrics, and her heart felt sweet. She always felt that Li Mu's "improvised" line was sung for her, because she was indeed a southern girl. However, wasn't Li Mu from Southern Su?

He shouldn't be from the north, right?

Thus, Wei Lan asked Li Mu with a bit of embarrassment, "You're from Southern Su, so you should also be from the south, right?"

"No." Li Mu shook his head, "We're from Northern Su. Do you know the dividing line between the north and the south?"

"I do, the Qinling Mountains of the Huai River."

"That's right, we're from the north of the Huai River, pure northerners."

"Haha!"

Wei Lan laughed like a little girl, and then said with great anticipation, "Can you agree to a small request of mine?"

Li Mu asked her, "What request?"

Wei Lan said, "Sing that line again!"

Li Mu was helpless, but he didn't refuse her, so he sang the line again.

Wei Lan's heart almost melted as she listened.

After he finished singing, Wei Lan asked him again, "Is there a next line?"

Li Mu smiled, "There is."

"Hurry up and sing it for me!"

Li Mu nodded and sang softly, "Southern girl, are you used to the cool autumn in the north; Southern girl, do you like the straightforwardness of northerners …"

Wei Lan held her chin with both hands, listening very attentively. Although it was only two lines, she still fell in love with this "song" in the shortest time possible. Perhaps it couldn't even be considered a song.

After Li Mu finished singing, Wei Lan said thoughtfully, "Actually, my heart is very used to the north, but the contradiction is that my body can't get used to it in a short period of time. Recently, Yanjing has been cold especially fast, the weather is also very dry, and my skin can't get used to it. A few days ago, after the heating, I couldn't stand it anymore. Sometimes when I sleep, I wake up thirsty, or dry to the point of nosebleeds."

Li Mu said, "When we go back, buy a humidifier and put it in the house."

Wei Lan nodded, "Okay, I'll buy one when I get back to Yanjing."

As she said that, Wei Lan asked Li Mu with a face full of anticipation, "The two lines you just sang, is there anything else?

Or will you continue to write it and finish it? "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Let's talk about it when we have time."

Wei Lan knew that Li Mu was the famous Li Mu on the Internet and in the folk circle. Not only was he good at singing, but more importantly, he was also good at writing songs. In her opinion, the two lines just now were improvised by Li Mu for herself. She naturally hoped that Li Mu could turn this improvised part into a real song.

Thinking of this, Wei Lan couldn't help but say excitedly, "Can you promise me one more thing?"

"Say it."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu expectantly and pleaded, "Can you find time to finish writing this song?"

After saying that, Wei Lan added with a red face, "Just treat it as if you wrote it for me …"

Li Mu felt awkward. He didn't have the ability to "write songs", but he had the ability to be a plagiarist. He could sing and play this song, "Southern Girl". If he had a guitar, he would be able to sing it in its entirety. However, that would be too ridiculous, so Li Mu said to her, "I'll go buy a guitar tomorrow and find time to try writing it."

"That's great!" Wei Lan clapped her hands in excitement. She looked at Li Mu with the eyes of a fangirl.

At this moment, Wei Lan was extremely excited. She felt that if Li Mu specially wrote a song for her, she would definitely faint from happiness. Just thinking about it made her tremble.

At the same time, Wei Lan couldn't help but sigh in her heart. Emotions were indeed a sharp weapon to destroy intelligence and maturity. Although she always felt that she was quite mature, at this moment, she inevitably became a lot younger because of emotions.