Chapter 498

As soon as they entered the elevator, Li Mu pressed the button for the 10th floor. Wang Shaohua was a little puzzled and asked Li Mu, "This building has at least 20 floors, right?

Why is there only 11 floors in the elevator? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "In fact, it's 22 floors, but this building is fully duplex, so the elevator only has 11 floors."

"Fully duplex?" Wang Shaohua was secretly shocked and couldn't help asking, "How big is the area of such an apartment?"

"172 square meters." Li Mu said, "I don't remember if it's 172 or 171."

Wang Shaohua exclaimed, "Oh my god, 172 square meters. The house price here seems to be about 10,000 yuan, so it's 1.8 or 1.9 million yuan?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Almost two million, because the higher floors will cost more. Did you notice that this is the only building in this community with more than 20 floors? The others are only a dozen floors, just to give the high-rise duplex a wider view."

Wang Shaohua couldn't help but feel inferior when he heard this. He wanted to buy a suite so that his daughter could go to college, but he was so stingy and hesitant. Li Mu is so young, but he drives a car worth more than two million yuan and lives in a house worth two million yuan. The gap is too big! "

The imported Mitsubishi elevator ran very smoothly and fast. With a ding, the elevator had reached the tenth floor. As soon as the elevator door opened, Li Mu asked Wang Shaohua to get out of the elevator first, and then he followed and opened the door of room 1001 with the key.

As soon as he opened the door, Wang Shaohua was shocked by the layout of the unfinished house in front of him.

When the door was opened, he could directly see the huge floor-to-ceiling windows and balcony of the living room opposite. The living room of nearly 40 square meters was particularly spacious, and there was also an open kitchen and dining room. The total area was almost 60 square meters, which was bright and extremely magnificent.

Li Mu said, "The layout of this house is better. The lower floor is the living room, the kitchen, the dining room, the balcony, a bedroom, and a bathroom. The upper floor is three bedrooms and a bathroom, four bedrooms, two living rooms, and two bathrooms. The master bedroom upstairs also has a balcony like the living room downstairs. Looking from above, the view is quite wide, and the whole film school can be seen."

Wang Shaohua followed Li Mu to look at the lower floor and the upper floor. After seeing it, the envy on his face could not be controlled. He really liked this house. Although this house was still in a rough state, he had already imagined what it would look like after it was renovated. The layout here was really great, and there were two floors and three units. The whole building was actually only eleven floors. The community was high-end and the security was strict, which far exceeded his own psychological expectations for the house. Moreover, it was only a few hundred meters away from his daughter's school and a road. There was also an overpass on the road that could be safely passed. It was almost perfect and impeccable.

If there was any flaw, it might be the price. If this house was worth one million yuan, Wang Shaohua would not hesitate to raise money to pay the down payment. He and his wife had worked for so many years, and the real idle assets in their hands were only a few hundred thousand yuan. Moreover, their child was going to go to college in a few months. Among the hundreds of thousands of yuan, they had to set aside enough education funds for her.

After calculating, the money that could be used flexibly to buy a house was no more than 300,000 yuan. Considering that the decoration would cost at least 100,000 yuan, and they would have to pay the loan every month in the future, on the premise of ensuring the quality of life, the total price of the house could only be controlled at around 600,000 yuan or 700,000 yuan.

But looking at Li Mu, who bought such a big house alone, it was simply extravagant.

Wang Shaohua sighed in his heart. Su Yingxue's parents and even his wife had been on guard against Li Mu for so long, for fear that he would abduct the good daughter of the Su family. Now Li Mu was less than 20 years old, and his annual income was more than 10 million yuan. He also bought such a good house. Such a boy would probably be fought over by the parents of girls.

Standing on the balcony of the master bedroom on the upper floor, Li Mu pointed to a campus not far away and said, "Look, Uncle Wang, that's the Film Academy."

Wang Shaohua took a closer look and sighed, "Oh, it's true. This house is really too good. Your Auntie Su and I have always wanted to buy a house near the Film Academy, so that it would be convenient for us to go to college in the future. But after looking at it, the house is either too expensive or too old, or the size and location are not suitable. But your community is really impeccable."

With that, Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "I have to go back and discuss with your Auntie Su whether we should buy a smaller house here. If it's one million yuan, we can pay the down payment first, and then borrow some money to decorate it. When the decoration is finished, we can sell the old house."

Li Mu said, "It's too much trouble to sell the old house."

Wang Shaohua said, "There's no other way. The price of one million yuan is too high. We can only buy it this way so that the pressure won't be too great."

At this time, Wang Shaohua had a sudden idea. He felt that since Li Mu was so rich, if he borrowed a few hundred thousand yuan from him, he could easily buy a small house here, and it would not affect his children's education and the standard of living of his family in the future. However, Li Mu was a junior after all, and he was Su Yingxue's boyfriend. If Su Yingxue's relatives began to borrow money from Li Mu at this time, it would really drag Su Yingxue down. Even if Li Mu lent the money, even if he didn't say it, he would have a problem with Su Yingxue's family.

At this time, Li Mu began to persuade Wang Shaohua, "In fact, this kind of house is the most suitable for you. You see, you usually have a family of three and two rooms. Yingxue comes every weekend, so you also need a guest room. If it's a three-room house, you don't even have a study."

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "When I first bought the house, I wanted to get a study, but later I found that it was impossible to get a study alone, because relatives and friends often come to Yan Jing. In order to make it convenient for them, the family made the empty room into a guest bedroom."

Wang Shaohua had a master's degree and was a standard educated person. Since primary school, he had been called a nerd all the way until he graduated and started working. Even now, he still liked reading very much. For a person who liked to read, a dedicated study was simply an indispensable hardware. The study could be small, and it could be decorated very simply. It only needed two bookcases, a desk, and a set of mini tea sets. But even such a simple wish was difficult to achieve for Wang Shaohua. Wang Shaohua was a native of Yan Jing, and his relatives were also natives of Yan Jing.

Usually, relatives rarely stayed at each other's house when they moved around, but Su Yuehua was different. She was from Hai Zhou, and her family was in Hai Zhou. She was the only member of the Su family who had settled down in Yan Jing. Usually, when relatives from Hai Zhou came to Hai Zhou to do something, they basically had to stay at home. There was a period of time when Su Yuehua's father was not in good health, so he came to Yan Jing for treatment and recuperation. Even Su Yuehua's mother and the old couple lived in Yan Jing for two months. Most of the time, they lived at home. Su Yuehua's brothers took turns to visit them every now and then. The house was not quiet at all. Although Wang Shaohua also had complaints in his heart, he also knew very well that he could only endure this kind of thing. There was no other way. He had to give his wife and his wife's family respect. So from the perspective of feelings and family, it was not a big deal for him to sacrifice a study.

However, in Wang Shaohua's heart, he still wanted a study of his own. Although he knew that it was difficult to achieve, he still wanted it. Therefore, Li Mu's words suddenly evoked the little wish in his heart. If he could have a study of his own, a space where no one would disturb him, so that he could immerse himself in the world of books, that would be really too happy.

Li Mu could also guess the situation that Wang Shaohua would encounter. He had worked in Yan Jing for many years in his previous life, and he knew many local friends or colleagues in Yan Jing. Some of them, after marrying a foreign wife, would always complain when they came out for a gathering. Today, they would say that his wife's second uncle came to Yan Jing to do some business and stayed at home. Tomorrow, they would say that his wife's third aunt came to Yan Jing to see a doctor and stayed at home. The day after that, her youngest uncle sent his child to college and stayed at home.

Li Mu was not a Yan Jing native, nor did he have any regional discrimination. But he also admitted that after a Yan Jing native and a foreigner married and settled in Yan Jing, there would indeed be a lot of similar problems. It couldn't be said who was right and who was wrong. It could only be said that the situation of the two people was different. In general, the local people would feel a little helpless and aggrieved.

Wang Shaohua sighed softly at this time and said, "In the final analysis, it's still about making more money!

If I can really buy such a house, maybe all the problems can be solved. "

After that, Wang Shaohua couldn't help asking Li Mu, "By the way, why do you want to buy a house here?

Are you going to move out of school in the future? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not going to move here."

Wang Shaohua asked in surprise, "Then why did you buy it?

To stock up? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "No, this house was given to me by someone else."

Wang Shaohua was stunned and asked Li Mu, "Who would be so willing to give you a house worth two million yuan?"

Li Mu felt that the foreshadowing and inducement were enough, so he said with a smile, "Uncle Wang, to tell you the truth, this house was given to me by Chen Guanghua."

"Chen Guanghua?" Wang Shaohua's brain was not enough to process it. "You mean Chen Yueyue's father?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, it's him."

"Why did he give you a house?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "After the incident at Fayue last time, a few of my friends helped to teach Chen Guanghua a lesson. Later, he couldn't take it anymore and went to your house to ask for forgiveness. But you and Aunt Su ignored him, so he came to me again."

Wang Shaohua was stunned for a moment and sighed. "No wonder he always came to apologize. I was wondering why this person, a well-known entrepreneur in Yan Jing, would come to apologize so humbly. It turned out that it was because of you …"