Chapter 1366

The good news from Chen Wan sent the entire conference room into an uproar!

The staff, who were originally gloomy and melancholy, cheered excitedly at this moment. They even hugged each other. A second ago, they were in hell, and a second later, they were in heaven. This was not just surviving a calamity, but ascending to heaven!

Thinking about the lineup for this performance, there were more than 20 A-list celebrities from Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, the god of singing, Zhang Xueyou, the godfather of pop music, Luo Da You …

Not only that, there was also a special singer. He was a world-famous young entrepreneur, the uncrowned king of Hua Xia Enterprises — Li Mu. Other than this performance, who else could invite Li Mu to perform on stage?!

Although the director was also very excited, he tried his best to calm everyone down. Then he said in a trembling voice, "Everyone, our most important task now is to think of a way to make this performance even more perfect!

So let's work together and think about what we can do other than to ensure that we can sing live! "

An executive director said, "Director Xu, I think we can communicate with the station about this performance and tell them about our current changes. Let's see if we can get a live broadcast of this performance. It would be great if we could do it live!"

"Live broadcast …" The director said worriedly, "For a performance like this, the requirements for a live broadcast and a recorded broadcast are on completely different levels. If we want to do a live broadcast, I'm afraid we'll have to double the manpower and budget."

The executive director said, "This performance is very important, I believe the station will approve of it. What's left is the problem of technical difficulty. I believe that with our Central TV's ability, if we put all our effort into this gala, even a live broadcast wouldn't be a problem."

The others also nodded and said in agreement, "If we can do a live broadcast, then it would be perfect."

Director Xu was also inevitably moved.

Although Central TV had to do a lot of performances every year, and they had to do at least a few dozen performances of the same song, almost every performance was recorded. Moreover, in order to ensure the program's effect, most of the singers would lip-synch. The only performance that was broadcast live was the Spring Festival Gala, but even for the Spring Festival Gala, in order to ensure the program's effect, lip-synching was still used. The only performances that were broadcast live were the language skits and crosstalks, while the rest were all pre-recorded.

In other words, if this charity gala was to be a live broadcast of all the singers, then the technical specifications would be even higher than the Spring Festival Gala.

The higher the technical specifications, the greater the risk involved. If there was a problem with the live broadcast, the audience in front of the TV might only be able to hear the accompaniment but not the actual performance. If there was a problem with the singer's reverse-feedback headphones, the singer might not be able to hear the accompaniment clearly. Then there might be a loss of pitch or rhythm, and the scene of the car accident would be broadcasted live. If there was a problem with the live broadcast equipment, there might be a major signal interruption. In short, it was a huge challenge.

However, a live broadcast had its own unique charm. The reason why the Spring Festival Gala could attract the entire country's audience to watch at the same time on New Year's Eve was because of the live broadcast. Only a live broadcast could give the audience a psychological hint that they had to watch on time. Moreover, when the audience knew that everything on TV was happening at the same time as them, the feeling was completely different from watching a recorded broadcast.

It could be said that a live broadcast was the ultimate form of a performance. It was the ultimate form that most television stations did not dare to challenge.

Director Xu also had a strong desire to win. If he could upgrade this performance to a live broadcast and do it to the best of his ability, then this gala might break the viewership record of Central TV other than the Spring Festival Gala. This would also be a huge boost to his own future. A director who could hold a live broadcast of a gala, a director who could create a significant and unprecedented spectacular performance, would definitely be able to shoot to fame and become the top and most authoritative gala director in the country.

Therefore, Director Xu did not care that it was already late and went to his superiors to ask for instructions.

…

The next morning, Central TV and Makino Technology released a big piece of news to the whole society at the same time!

Three days later, Central TV would be holding a charity gala to fight against SARS in Beijing. The line-up for this charity gala was very luxurious. Once it was announced, it attracted a lot of attention from the entire Chinese community.

A bunch of A-list celebrities from both sides of the Straits and Hong Kong were there!

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, who had not appeared in public for a long time, were also there!

What was even more amazing was that even Li Mu was there!

With such a line-up, almost everyone who received the news was paying attention to it. Moreover, word of mouth was spreading very quickly.

Moreover, Central TV also announced that this performance would be broadcast live on Central TV Department 1, Department 3, and the International Channel. This was completely a setup for the Spring Festival Gala!

Three days later, it happened to be Saturday. Eight o 'clock in the evening was also a very perfect prime time. Almost everyone who could watch TV remembered and looked forward to this time node. They decided to turn on the TV on Saturday night on time to watch this extraordinary charity party.

Central TV had really put in a lot of effort this time. When Director Xu reported to his superiors last night, Central TV held a meeting that very night. Everyone attached great importance to this gala and discussed it over and over again. Everyone hoped that they could do a live broadcast of the gala, but the biggest problem was that there was too little time!

All the celebrities' schedules were very tight. At present, more than 20 celebrities' schedules had already been confirmed. Even Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and a few other celebrities that they had invited had their schedules confirmed. If Central TV wanted to delay the date to prepare for the live broadcast, it would be almost impossible.

Time was tight, and they had to do a live broadcast, so they could only gather all the resources that they could.

Central TV urgently transferred a large number of personnel and equipment to fully support the construction of the live broadcast system. Although time was tight, Central TV's hardware reserves were sufficient. Everyone from different departments had their own duties, and after working around the clock for 8 to 90 hours, they could still complete the hardware setup.

The lighting team, audio team, live broadcast team, and props team. As long as these four departments did their best, the hardware would definitely not be a problem.

All that was left was the software. The process had already been finalized, and the host and singers were all qualified. As long as they performed well, and the hardware was guaranteed to not have any problems, they would be able to present a perfect performance for the audience.

To support this gala, Li Mu had specially activated a YY pop-up window to promote the gala. He only had one goal: Push!

Push with all your might!

In the past, YY's push notifications were divided by country and region. For example, some push notifications were targeted at mainland users, while others were targeted at America, Japan, and Korea. You could even customize the gender and approximate age of the user. But this time, YY's push notifications were unprecedentedly wide.

Li Mu's requirements were: 1. Send a push notification to all users who logged in across the three regions; 2. Send a push notification to all users who used the Chinese version of YY, including both simplified and traditional Chinese. Not a single user was allowed to be left out.

In other words, the first users to be covered were those who lived in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Among these people, whether they were Hua Xia citizens or foreigners, as long as they logged in within these regions, they would receive the push notifications.

Secondly, all overseas Chinese would receive the push notifications as long as they used the Chinese version of YY, regardless of which country they were in.

Li Mu believed that IP addresses could only be used to differentiate people's geographical locations. Only language could break through the constraints of geography and penetrate into the blood of every Chinese. Even if they were in Antarctica, Europe, America, Africa, Australia, or Southeast Asia, as long as they were Chinese, as long as they used the Chinese version of YY, they would receive the push notifications. After all, CCTV's international channel could be viewed in most countries around the world. When these overseas Chinese received the news, they would also be able to watch the live broadcast of the gala on television.

With such a strong push from YY, the gala was pushed to an unprecedented height!

Within a day, not only Hua Xia, but the entire world's Chinese population was paying attention to and discussing this gala. The social attention it received was even higher than Hua Xia's entry into the World Cup!

Moreover, what everyone could not believe was that Li Mu had used this push logic to push notifications twice in a day!

He had directly pushed the gala into a heaven-defying existence that all the Chinese people were paying close attention to and talking about!

The moment Li Mu made his move, those actors who had previously given up on participating in the gala were filled with regret!

With such a strong push, it indicated that the gala would create unprecedented viewership ratings and influence. With such a huge influence, even if they only sang one song on the gala, it would definitely be the best promotion. After all, a singer would at most sing one song on the Spring Festival Gala, and there were many times when several singers would perform a song together. But even so, everyone still racked their brains to squeeze in. This was because the Spring Festival Gala had created too many classic cases of overnight success. Just like Fei Xiang in the last century, his song became a hit all over the country. It was said that CCTV received several sacks of love letters from female audience members every day. From this, it could be seen how important a highly influential performance was.

These singers who had rejected the offer had completely missed out on an unprecedented super stage. Many of them were so frustrated that they beat their chests and stamped their feet. They immediately called the production team, hoping to rejoin the gala.

But without exception, the production team rejected all of them!

They had thought that this was just a bus from CCTV, and it would be a good thing if they could get on it. But for their own safety, it was not a big loss if they did not get on it.