Chapter 33

The police and the joint defense team separated the crowd. Several punks had been beaten out of shape. When they saw the police coming, several guys cried and shouted for the police to save their lives.

Geng Biao came over to take a look and asked the students around him, "Were they the ones who started it?"

Li Mu handed the butterfly knife to him and pointed at the beaten up monitor and two other students. He said, "We are students from No.1 Middle School in the city. Today, we are having a class reunion. Some of our classmates came to the toilet and were beaten up by these guys. This knife belongs to these people. They took it out to stab us."

After that, Li Mu looked at the class monitor and saw his bruised face. He said to Geng Biao, "The one who was beaten the most was our class monitor. He is the best student in our city's No.1 Middle School. This year, he will either enter Tsinghua University or Yan University. He might even be the top scorer in the city's college entrance examination. Now that he is beaten like this, I'm afraid the school and his parents will not let it go."

Li Mu was fooling Geng Biao. The class monitor's grades were not the best. If he remembered correctly, he went to a key university in the province this year. He did not get into a top university. But it did not matter. The college entrance examination results had not been released. Geng Biao did not know if Li Mu was fooling him.

However, he was a little nervous when he heard this.

No.1 Middle School was the best high school in Haizhou City. Most of the time, the top scorer in the city's college entrance examination came from this school. Two years ago, there was a provincial top scorer in the college entrance examination. Every year, a few students from Tsinghua University and Yan University would enter the city.

Geng Biao's face was cold. He had a rough idea of the cause and effect of the incident. The kid who got his gourd cut open must have wanted to stab someone, but he was beaten to death with a beer bottle. How lucky!

If a student were to be stabbed by a knife here, he wouldn't have a good time.

Moreover, these guys provoked the classmate of the director's daughter. The director's daughter was watching. If this matter was not handled to the satisfaction of Su Yingxue, he was afraid that it would leave a hidden danger for his career.

"Handcuff these guys for me!

Provocation, intentional injury, carrying a controlled knife. Go back and go through the procedures. Arrest him! "

The gangsters were already badly beaten, and even their clothes were ragged. When they heard this, they were even more aggrieved and afraid. They had not been in the underworld for a long time. They had been to the police station, but it was just a small matter of fighting. They were released after paying the fine. When had they ever been detained?

At this time, Geng Biao said to the gangsters, "Don't blame me for not reminding you. Hurry up and contact your parents. Immediately go to the city hospital and wait to pay the medical fees for these injured students!"

The guy who had his gourd cut pointed at his head and said with a sobbing tone, "Uncle Policeman, my head is still bleeding!"

"You deserve it!"

Geng Biao glared at him and shouted, "You scum of society, it's fine if you don't learn well and become trash, but you even dare to beat students. These are all prospective college students. Do you know what a prospective college student is?

Heaven's favored one!

Much more expensive than trash like you! "

The hoodlum cried out of grievance, "Do I deserve to be beaten just because I don't study enough?"

Geng Biao said angrily, "I said you deserve it. You deserve it!"

Then, he ignored the wronged gangster and said to an assistant next to him, "Hurry up and send the injured students to the city hospital."

The gangsters were handcuffed by the police and taken away with rags covering their crotches. Li Mu accompanied the three students who had been beaten to the hospital. Unexpectedly, Su Yingxue and the deputy monitor also took a taxi.

Because there were policemen following them, the city hospital gave the green light and treated the injuries in time. The deputy monitor went to call their parents. The parents of the gangsters who had beaten them also rushed over nervously. It was probably because they were frightened by the police that the parents of these gangsters were very kind.

The other students also sobered up a lot after the fight. They walked to the hospital in groups to see how their classmates were injured.

After a round of examination, the three students who had been beaten were fine except for some superficial injuries. The most serious injury was a male student who had a slight fracture in his wrist, but it was not a big problem.

Li Mu was relieved. He felt that it was unnecessary for him to stay here, so he said to Su Yingxue and the deputy monitor, "I think there's nothing else. Let's go home."

Su Yingxue nodded and looked at her watch. It was past 12 o 'clock. She had never returned home so late before.

The deputy monitor also went to greet the other students. Then, he took out the money he had exchanged in advance and gave everyone ten yuan to take a taxi home.

A boy asked doubtfully, "Deputy monitor, there's eating, drinking, and singing today. I'm afraid 50 yuan per person isn't enough, right?

Why do you want a refund? "

The deputy monitor waved his hand, "It's enough. We have discounts for eating and singing. It's about 40 yuan per person."

The students didn't think too much. They took the money and walked out of the hospital together.

Hu Guoguo looked at Li Mu with admiration as he walked, "I say, Li Mu, that beer bottle you threw just now was so cool. I was stunned!"

"Yeah."

Someone interrupted, "If Li Mu didn't put that guy down with a beer bottle, I wouldn't have dared to go up. That guy was quite scary with a knife!"

"Who doesn't say that!" Everyone laughed.

The history class representative suddenly said, "If we compare those guys to the Japanese imperialists in 1945, then Li Mu's beer bottle is the atomic bomb dropped by the United States. It directly disintegrated the imperialists' will to resist."

"F * ck … Sun Yubin, you really know how to make an analogy!"

There were about forty people. A few chose to walk home, and the rest waited for ten to twenty minutes before taking a taxi. In the end, only Li Mu, Su Yingxue, and the deputy monitor were left. There was an empty car. The deputy monitor wanted to let Su Yingxue get in first, but in the end, he couldn't persuade Su Yingxue to get in first. In the end, he sat in the car himself.

Before driving, the deputy monitor said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, I'll leave the campus belle of No.1 Middle School to you. You must send her home safely."

Li Mu nodded and casually saluted, "I promise I'll complete the task."

The deputy monitor winked at Su Yingxue before letting the driver drive away.

After the farce, only Li Mu and Su Yingxue were left. Li Mu wanted to find something to talk about, but he didn't know what to say. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Yingxue, where do you live?"

"My home is quite close to here," Su Yingxue glanced at Li Mu, "It's less than a ten-minute walk. Why don't you walk with me?"

"Sure." Li Mu naturally couldn't ask for more.

In his previous life, he didn't have the experience of walking side by side with Su Yingxue in the middle of the night. Even though Li Mu was reborn, he couldn't help but feel a little excited.

Originally, he wanted to improve his relationship with Su Yingxue, but before they walked 20 meters, a police car suddenly stopped beside them. Deputy Director Geng Biao got out of the car and said, "Yingxue, Director Su asked me to send you home."

Su Yingxue was stunned and asked in surprise, "You called my dad?"

"Yes."

Geng Biao chuckled and said, "I'm Director Su's old subordinate. I definitely have to tell him about this kind of thing so that he won't worry."

Su Yingxue said angrily, "If you didn't call him, why would he worry?

Go back, I don't need you to send me home. "

"But …" Geng Biao looked embarrassed. "I'm also afraid that Director Su will blame me for not informing him in time if he finds out."

As he spoke, Geng Biao's cell phone suddenly rang. He hurriedly took out his cell phone and immediately pressed the answer button. "Director Su, I've already seen Yingxue. Yes, she's in the hospital … Okay, wait a moment."

Geng Biao handed the phone to Su Yingxue and whispered, "Your dad is calling …"

Su Yingxue took the phone unhappily and fell silent. When the other side of the phone finished speaking, she said with some grievance, "I know, dad. I'll go back now."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yingxue said to Li Mu apologetically, "I'm sorry, Li Mu. Why don't you let him send you home first?"

Li Mu put his hands in his pockets and said indifferently, "It's okay. Go back quickly. Don't let your dad worry. My house is not far away, and it's a good time to take a walk."

Su Yingxue originally wanted to say something, but she gave up and said to Li Mu, "Then I'll go back first."

"Okay." Li Mu nodded, feeling disappointed.

At this time, Su Yingxue suddenly turned back and asked, "Are you going to take the driver's license test during the summer vacation?"

"Yes."

Li Mu blurted out. It was necessary to get a driver's license before going to college. Moreover, the driver's license test was basically a formality now. Not only was it simple, but it was also fast.

"Then let's sign up together."

Su Yingxue said, "I've asked about Jin 'an Driving School. In a few days, they will open a batch of classes for the college entrance examination. They only recruit high school graduates. There's a discount on the tuition, and it's fast to get the license. You can get the license in about 20 days."

"College entrance examination classes?" Li Mu smiled and said, "Driving schools nowadays have such services?"