Chapter 1364

As the saying goes, saving a scene is like putting out a fire. If such a meaningful thing did not succeed in the end, it would indeed be a great regret.

The singers who refused to come to Beijing because they were worried about their safety were not wrong. The problem at hand was not to condemn these people, but to think of a way to find more suitable people to replace them.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "Who are the ten Hong Kong and Taiwanese singers that were originally invited?"

Chen Wan listed a bunch of names, most of which were relatively famous singers. Among them were even Heavenly King Liu, Sister Ma and Ah Kun from Taiwan. One was one of the Four Heavenly Kings of Hong Kong, and the other was one of the top female singers in Taiwan. They were also the signature singers of both Hong Kong and Taiwanese singers in this performance.

Li Mu asked again, "Then who decided not to participate at the last minute?"

Chen Wan said, "I'll have to call and ask. The director did not say clearly."

After that, Chen Wan called to confirm. The result was that Heavenly King Liu could still come as planned, but Sister Ma had changed her plans and gave up on this performance.

Li Mu nodded and said, "Didn't Central TV invite Luo Dayou?"

"No." Chen Wan said, "He's not on the list, but I'm not sure if they invited him."

Li Mu nodded lightly. There were many famous musicians in both Hong Kong and Taiwan. It did not matter if five people dropped out, but the key was that the five people who replaced them had to have enough influence in order to have appeal. Therefore, what Li Mu thought of was to find a way to add a few influential Hong Kong and Taiwanese singers to the gala. Among the Taiwanese singers, he first thought of Luo Dayou, as well as Su Rui and Cai Qin, who were strong singers.

However, Li Mu did not have a personal relationship with these singers. At this time, he was worried that he would not have enough face to ask someone else to come to Beijing to save the scene. Therefore, after thinking about it, he felt that he should first find a senior in the Hong Kong and Taiwanese music industry and then ask him to help him persuade others. Although it was a little difficult for them to come to Beijing under pressure at this time, Li Mu could promise rich resources in return. Li Mu believed that he had more resources than the director of this gala. With his powerful resources, he would definitely be able to persuade some people to come to save the scene.

As for the choice of the senior who acted as the go-between, Li Mu hardly had any hesitation. He only thought of two people, and they were two people who had a deep friendship with him — Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang.

There was no need to mention the influence of these two people in the entertainment industry. In terms of status and qualifications, they were higher than the Four Heavenly Kings.

Moreover, these two people had a good relationship with Li Mu. It could be said that Li Mu had saved their lives.

At the beginning, Li Mu had helped Zhang Guorong at the dinner of the Seedling Protection Foundation, who had tried to ridicule him in public, and had helped Zhang Guorong reverse the gossip and public opinion in Hong Kong at that time. To a great extent, he had protected Zhang Guorong's reputation.

Later, because he knew that Zhang Guorong had depression, Li Mu specially invited him to become the Student Ambassador of the 3321 Bursary Foundation. He asked him to temporarily leave the entertainment industry and do many significant charitable acts. This also greatly alleviated his depression, allowing him to get rid of the pain caused by depression.

Later, Li Mu also saved Mei Yanfang. At that time, out of concern for her good friend, Mei Yanfang had accepted Li Mu's invitation to become the Student Ambassador together with Zhang Guorong. After Mei Yanfang finished the Student Ambassador, Li Mu insisted on arranging a detailed medical examination for her. He said that he was afraid that she would get infected in a poor area, but in fact, he wanted to see if he could detect her cancer in advance. He did not expect that when it was discovered, it was in the early and middle stages, when the survival rate was the highest.

Later, with the company of Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang went to the United States for treatment. After that, the two simply lived in the United States, temporarily away from the matters of the entertainment industry. Mei Yanfang's body had also recovered greatly. According to the doctor's estimation, the possibility of a relapse within a few years was not high. Such cases were very common in the United States, and most people could live safely for more than ten years.

With this layer of friendship, Li Mu felt that there should be no problem asking them for help in this matter. With their influence, coupled with the promise of his own resources, it should not be difficult to gather five influential Hong Kong and Taiwanese singers in a short period of time.

Therefore, Li Mu looked at the time and calculated that it was currently 5: 30 in the morning in New York. Therefore, he said to Chen Wan, "Wait for another three hours. When we go home for dinner, I will call my brother and ask him for help."

"Brother?

Which brother? "

Chen Wan looked surprised.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Brother, Zhang Guorong!"

Chen Wan suddenly realized and blurted out, "Didn't my brother retire from the entertainment industry?

There is news that he is living in the United States. "

Li Mu nodded. "Although he has retired from the entertainment industry, he is still a senior. He has guided so many descendants, so his influence is still there. If my brother is willing to help, there is an 80% chance that this matter can be saved. Besides, my brother, there is also Lady Mei."

Chen Wan then remembered the relationship between Li Mu and the two of them. She said in surprise, "If my brother and Lady Mei can really help, this matter will definitely be solved smoothly!"

…

Three hours later, Li Mu stood in the courtyard of the Purple Cloud Villa and called Zhang Guorong, who was in the United States.

Li Mu turned on the speaker of his phone because Chen Wan was standing beside him.

At that moment, Zhang Guorong had already woken up for a long time and had just returned from a morning jog with Lady Mei.

He and Lady Mei lived together in a wealthy area in the suburbs of New York. The two of them lived in the same villa. This villa was specially bought by Zhang Guorong for him to take care of Mei Yanfang's illness in the United States. The two of them could be said to be life and death friends. They were very close. After living together for so long, their friendship had only increased.

Zhang Guorong was also very surprised when he suddenly received a call from Li Mu. He didn't rush to answer the phone. Instead, he said to Lady Mei who was about to go upstairs, "Anita, it's Li Mu's call!"

"Oh?"

Mei Yanfang was very surprised. She originally wanted to go upstairs to take a shower, but she immediately turned around and went downstairs. She said, "My benefactor is calling?

Quick, answer it! "

Every time the doctor told Mei Yanfang that her cancer was discovered in time, Mei Yanfang would be very grateful to Li Mu. Therefore, she told Zhang Guorong in private that Li Mu was her benefactor. If it wasn't for Li Mu, with her indifferent attitude towards medical examinations, she was afraid that when she really discovered her cancer, it would have been too late.

At that moment, Zhang Guorong answered the phone and said with a smile, "Li Zong, why are you so free to call me?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Brother, don't tease me. I've been too busy recently and didn't have time to contact you and Lady Mei. I hope you two won't be angry at me."

"Of course not."

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "Anita and I have been paying attention to your recent situation. You're too amazing now. People on Wall Street are talking about you and your company all day long. Many people even say that you will become the richest man in the world soon. Anita and I are very happy for you. Moreover, seeing that you are handling so many things at the same time, we know that you must be very busy."

Li Mu said, "Thank you for your understanding, brother. How are you and Lady Mei recently?"

"We're doing very well."

Zhang Guorong said with a smile, "Anita's body has recovered. The doctor has already ended her treatment. In the future, she only needs to ensure the frequency of medical examinations that the doctor requires. It's rare for us to completely relax recently. Every day, we just exercise and enjoy life."

As she said that, Zhang Guorong asked with concern, "I heard that the SARS situation is very serious in the country. You should still be in Beijing, right?

Is the situation in Beijing as serious as the media here said? "

Li Mu said, "I'm still in Beijing. The epidemic in Beijing is not as serious as the western media said. They have been sparing no effort to smear Hua Xia's name. This time, they naturally won't let go of this opportunity."

Zhang Guorong heaved a sigh of relief and said, "It's good that it's not that serious. Anita and I have been wanting to ask about your recent situation, but we were worried that we would disturb you."

At this time, Mei Yanfang also said, "Yes, Little Mu, Leslie is right. The two of us have been paying attention to your situation. We are also very worried about you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Thank you for your concern, Lady Mei."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "Brother, Lady Mei, this time I called you, I need your help with something …"

The two of them said in unison, "If there's anything, just say it."

Li Mu then told them in detail about the situation of the SARS charity party that Mother Yang was preparing, including the positive meaning behind this matter. After the two of them listened to Li Mu's request, there was a moment of silence on the other end of the phone. On the other end of the phone, Li Mu was a little worried. He thought that the two of them would feel troubled because of this matter.

Unexpectedly, half a minute later, Zhang Guorong's voice suddenly came from the other end of the phone. He said, "Little Mu, I have reached a consensus with Anita. Isn't there still three days before the rehearsal?

We will immediately go pack our luggage and buy the earliest plane tickets to Beijing. If you don't mind, the two of us will go and fill in the spots for this performance! "

Li Mu was instantly overjoyed!

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang would come from the United States to fill in the spots for this performance!

That was really beyond his expectations!

Chen Wan's face was also full of shock and disbelief. Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were silent for a total of a few dozen seconds. In just a few dozen seconds, they had already decided to travel halfway around the world to Beijing to save the show?!

This was really too unbelievable!

Before Li Mu could recover from his shock, Mei Yanfang said again, "Mr. Luo Da You and Ms. Cai Qin from Taiwan are very close to me. I believe in their characters, so I will contact them later. If they can spare some time, I will try to invite them to come as well!"

Li Mu was even happier!

At this time, Zhang Guorong said, "I still have a lot of good friends in Hong Kong. Xueyou and Eason are close to me personally. I will also contact them later to see if they are willing to participate and try to persuade them."

Oh my god!

Li Mu suddenly felt like he had become rich overnight!

So he hurriedly thanked them, "Brother, Aunt Mei, thank you very much. I won't say any more polite words. I will wait for you at Beijing Airport!"

Zhang Guorong said, "OK, then I will hang up first and give Xueyou a call."

At this time, Mei Yanfang suddenly said, "Oh right, Little Mu, if you want to show the unity of the three regions, I suggest you change the song. Don't sing 'The Sun Always Shines After the Storm'."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Then what should I sing?"

Mei Yanfang said, "I remember that a few years ago, Taiwan's UFO Records released a song called 'The Loving Family'. I think the lyrics of this song are very suitable for this gala!

If you are willing to sing this song, Leslie and I can sing it for you!

At that time, we can also invite some celebrities from the three regions. Everyone can go on stage and sing together in the second half of the song. That way, the effect will be very good! "

'The Loving Family'?

The lyrics of this song suddenly appeared in Li Mu's mind.

"I like to think of your warm embrace when I am hurt,

I like to think of how great your tolerance is when I am angry … "

"I like the dream of a family to be created in the same direction,

When others are happy, it feels like I am the one who is happy … "

"Because we are a family, a loving family. If there is fortune, we should enjoy it together. If there is trouble, we must go through it together. Knowing and staying together for a long time …"