Chapter 1220

Wei Jun once thought that his hard work on the other side of the ocean would be for naught, but he did not expect that at the most desperate time, Li Mu's appearance would change the fate of his entire family.

At present, although Wei Jun was still in a lawsuit and could not return to China for the time being, his family's business had been largely secured. Through the information given by Li Mu, he had made a lot of money by buying stocks at a low price. With the assets he had on hand and could see in the future, Wei Jun now did not have to worry about the future of his family of three.

Speaking of which, it was all about money, but for Wei Jun's family of three, this money really had the effect of reviving the dead. Therefore, Wei Jun had always regarded Li Mu as the savior of his entire family.

For Wei Jun, the greatest kindness that Li Mu had done for him was not a matter of money, but because of his help, his precious daughter could avoid a lot of difficulties and suffering. He understood his daughter's character. She tried so hard to help him turn the tide. If she did not succeed in the end, even if she came to the United States to reunite with her parents, her heart would definitely be in pain for a long time.

Looking at the present, although his daughter was not by his side for a long time, whether it was on the phone, through YY videos, or these few days of reunion, Wei Jun could always see his daughter's relaxed, happy, confident, and energetic face. Even when the family had not encountered any accidents, he had not seen her in such a good state.

Wei Lan was Wei Jun's only daughter. The fact that she could be in such a state was a great comfort to Wei Jun.

As for Wei Lan, before she became Li Mu's woman, her heart was full of gratitude and worship for Li Mu 24/7. However, after becoming his woman, Wei Lan's state of mind adjusted abnormally fast. She now had no gratitude towards Li Mu at all. Now, there was only one thing in her heart: to do her best to solve the problems of her beloved. Although her ability was still far from his, as long as she could share a little bit of his worries, she would treat it seriously with all her heart.

The enthusiastic Wei Jun personally drove Li Mu and Wei Lan back to their villa. Wei Lan originally wanted to sit next to Li Mu in the back seat, but after all, the driver was her father. In a situation where the front passenger seat was empty, it would be disrespectful for her to sit in the back seat. Moreover, she didn't want her father to see any clues about her relationship with Li Mu. After all, her relationship with Li Mu couldn't be seen in the light. She wasn't afraid of her father blaming her, but she was afraid that he would feel sorry for her.

On the way, Wei Jun kept introducing the landscape and development along the way to Li Mu. As a real estate developer, his topics were mostly about where the land price was the highest, where it was currently being developed, or where there was more room for development in the future. He even suggested that Li Mu come to America to develop real estate.

In response to this, Li Mu only smiled indifferently and said to him, "Uncle Wei, I don't have the energy to care about real estate right now. Right now, all the business of Wanying Real Estate is managed by Wei Lan for me. I basically don't ask about it myself."

Wei Jun looked at his daughter and said with some uncertainty, "Wei Lan has been in real estate for a long time, but to hand such a major project to her, can this girl handle it?"

Wei Lan wasn't angry at being questioned by her own father at all. Instead, she smiled and said, "Dad, don't think that he really dares to leave everything to me. In fact, everything I'm doing now is arranged by him in advance. I'm only responsible for moving forward according to the strategy he formulated."

Wei Jun laughed and said with a relaxed expression, "That's good. I thought that Mr. Li really gave you full control of a multi-billion real estate project. If you mess it up again, wouldn't our Wei family be biting the hand that feeds us?"

Wei Lan said helplessly, "Dad, you don't have much confidence in me …"

Wei Jun smiled and said, "It's not that I don't have confidence in you. I'm just afraid that you won't be able to handle the project if it's too big. But with Mr. Li leading behind it, I'm relieved."

Li Mu interrupted with a smile, "Uncle Wei, don't worry too much. In the next ten years, the domestic real estate industry will be very simple. As long as you get the land in a first-tier city at a normal price and develop it normally, you can make money no matter what you do. Even if you work with your eyes closed, you can still make money. Moreover, I recognize Wei Lan's ability very much. I believe that with her ability, it won't take long for her to become the best female real estate developer in Hua Xia."

Wei Jun looked at Li Mu through the rearview mirror and asked in surprise, "Mr. Li is so optimistic about the domestic real estate industry?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I think that in the next ten years, the real estate market in Hua Xia will definitely be the best in the world. As long as there are no major problems with the operation, it won't be a problem to increase the capital by tens or even hundreds of times in ten years."

Li Mu's words made Wei Jun dumbfounded. Even Wei Lan, who was beside him, couldn't believe it.

No industry, no matter how hot or profitable it was, would dare to say that it could increase the capital by 100 times in ten years. Such a profit margin was enough to make all businessmen crazy.

Although Li Mu didn't come from the real estate industry and wasn't very clear about the details of the development of the real estate industry, he was very clear about the development trend of the real estate industry in Hua Xia in the next ten years. With a capital of 100 million, it wouldn't be a big problem to reach billions in ten years. After ten years, the domestic real estate industry would give birth to a large number of billionaires, and billionaires would be countless.

Although Wei Jun and Wei Lan were both shocked by Li Mu's conclusion, in the depths of their hearts, they didn't doubt Li Mu's words at all. After Wei Jun came back to his senses, he even sighed and said, "After listening to Mr. Li's words, I really don't want to retire in the United States so early!

At my age, I'm still considered to be in the prime of my life in the business world. I should fight for another ten years before I can die without regrets! "

Wei Lan said, "Dad, don't talk about death so often. Work has its value, and retirement also has its fun. If you really feel that your current life is too boring, you can also use the money you have to invest in real estate in the United States. Forget about development, it's too tiring."

Wei Jun nodded absent-mindedly. After a moment, he sighed and said, "Forget it. Asking me to invest in real estate now is the same as asking a racer to drive a tractor. I'm just saying a few words, don't take it to heart."

Wei Lan suddenly felt a little sad. She knew what her father was thinking. To him, no matter how easy and comfortable life in the United States was, it was better to go back and work hard. At his age, money and comfort weren't the most important things. What he really wanted was nothing more than to return to the familiar battlefield, to charge at the front, and to stand tall.

However, Wei Lan was also very clear that the case her father was involved in was still under investigation. As a criminal suspect, if he returned to China now, he was afraid that he would immediately be arrested until the official trial. At his age, if he went back to be imprisoned, his body would definitely not be able to bear it. Moreover, no one could guarantee the outcome of the trial.

Wei Jun's current situation was very awkward. If he returned to China now and turned himself in, then although the sentence might be lenient, he would inevitably be detained for a period of time before the trial. Moreover, the outcome of the trial was uncontrollable. No one knew what the judge would sentence him when the time came.

If it was a symbolic sentence like three years of probation, it would be fine. At the very least, he could regain his freedom after the sentence. However, he was afraid that if he was sentenced to a few years of imprisonment during the trial, it would be impossible for him to escape at that time.

Wei Jun also had the same worry, so he didn't dare to return to China. He just wanted to wait for the sentence to come out and see the situation. If he was sentenced to probation, he would go back and turn himself in. If the sentence was too heavy, then he might as well not go back. Anyway, an economic criminal like him wouldn't be issued a red warrant. As long as he didn't return to China, he could live in peace for the rest of his life.

The father and daughter both had their own thoughts, so they both fell silent. The atmosphere in the car suddenly became a little tense. Wei Lan turned her head to look at the scenery outside the window that was constantly retreating. She thought about how she would go to Los Angeles with Li Mu tomorrow and then leave the United States and her parents. Her heart was particularly sad.

The family of three could only be reunited overseas, but she didn't know when she would come back to the United States again.

Through the right side mirror, Wei Lan could see Li Mu's blurred face. The young man sitting behind her was very handsome, and had the ability and courage to be the best in the world.

However, Wei Lan also knew very well that the two's seats at the moment, one in front of the other in the back, represented the future of the two. Although she could accompany him, she still couldn't be affectionate and intimate in front of others like a normal couple.

It was like this with her parents, and it was still like this with her lover. This kind of feeling made Wei Lan feel a little hopeless about her future.

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu through the rearview mirror outside the car. Li Mu accidentally looked through the two layers of car windows and a mirror, and their eyes met. The moment their eyes met, Wei Lan's gaze darted away as if she had been electrocuted, but Li Mu still sensed the loneliness in the depths of her heart from her eyes.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly said to Wei Jun casually, "By the way, Uncle Wei, when we return to the country in a few days, I'll take some time to meet the leaders of the Shanghai prosecutor's office to see if they can give you a reliable solution for your case. If they're willing to release you on bail and promise to delay the sentence, then why don't you go back with Auntie? If you still want to do real estate, you can choose to join Wanying, or you can rebuild your own team. If you need funds, I can fulfill the promise I made to Wei Lan earlier."

Just as Li Mu finished speaking, Wei Lan instantly turned around. Her bright eyes widened, and she asked in surprise, "Is what you said true?"

Wei Jun also came back to his senses, and he slammed on the brakes to stop the car. He looked at Li Mu through the rearview mirror, and he was so excited that his whole body was trembling …

Two pairs of agitated and disbelieving eyes were staring at him. Li Mu chose to meet Wei Lan's gaze, and he looked at her with a slight smile, saying seriously, "When have I ever joked about serious matters?"

Although that was what he said, there was something in Li Mu's heart that he didn't say out loud: You're my woman, how can I let you be sad and despair?