Chapter 494

Faced with Chen Wan's question in her half-drunk, half-sober state, Li Mu's heart relaxed. He jokingly said, "Maybe it's not because I hurt you in my past life. Maybe it's because you did me a favor in your past life, so I'm here to repay you in this life."

Chen Wan pursed her lips into a smile and shook her head. "I don't like this version. Change to another one."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "What kind of version?"

Chen Wan seriously thought about it and said, "For example, in your past life, I was your wife. I married you and gave birth to a bunch of children for you. But in the end, you despised me and ran away with another woman. You broke my heart, so you came to make it up to me in this life.

"Or in my past life, I was your mistress. I followed you without asking for fame or share. I only asked for you to have me in your heart and to be with me occasionally. But in the end, you got tired of me and abandoned me."

After listening to her two versions of the story, Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "Am I that heartless?"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I already said it's a past life. None of us know what our past lives were like. Since you've brought up this topic, then I'll let my imagination run wild."

Li Mu nodded with a smile. "Alright. If you like these two versions, then we'll focus on them."

Chen Wan grunted and said with a smile, "Do you know what these two versions have in common?"

Li Mu nodded repeatedly. "I know. At the end of the story, I was the one who hurt you."

Chen Wan laughed and said, "You're still the smart one."

But at this moment, under the stimulation of alcohol, there was a voice in Chen Wan's heart that softly said, "The thing in common between these two versions is that we were together in the past, idiot …"

Chen Wan sighed in her heart and somewhat foolishly swung her feet. She closed them and opened them, opened them, and closed them again. She stared at the tips of her feet and said, "If that's the case, then you've chosen the wrong way to repay me."

Li Mu nodded with a smile and casually said, "If it's really the version you said, then I'll definitely marry you and treat you well to make it up to you."

When Chen Wan heard this, she laughed out loud and pretended to be disdainful. "Bad boy, you haven't even reached the legal age for marriage. If that's the case, you'll have to wait a few more years for your compensation."

After that, Chen Wan changed the topic and asked Li Mu, "Your birthday is on the sixth of next month, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, Number Six. How did you know?"

Chen Wan said, "I knew after I hit you. The hospital has your identity information."

With that, she said with a face full of regret, "I'm afraid I won't have the chance to celebrate your birthday with those celestial beings at the beginning of the month."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's okay. There's nothing special about a birthday. It's just a meal."

Chen Wan said, "Anyway, you have a girlfriend. When the time comes, she will accompany you."

With that, Chen Wan asked again, "By the way, how are you and your girlfriend?"

Li Mu took a sip of red wine and said, "Not bad, but we don't see each other often."

Chen Wan said in surprise, "You two are in the same school, but you don't see each other often?"

Li Mu said, "I don't have time to go to school recently. There are too many things on my hands. I'm busy every day. Her family is strict, so there aren't many opportunities for me to be alone."

Chen Wan asked curiously, "Isn't she also from Haizhou?

You two go to school in Yanjing. So what if her family is strict? She can't come to Yanjing to guard you, right? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "She happens to have an aunt in Yanjing. She calls the dormitory every night from Monday to Friday to check the dormitory. On the weekends, she calls her to her house …"

Chen Wan was speechless and asked Li Mu, "Why does it sound like you're always thinking about her time at night?

Do you want to do bad things? "

Li Mu was stunned for a moment, then he scratched his head and said, "Did I?"

Chen Wan rolled her eyes at Li Mu and said, "It's already very obvious, okay? Don't tell me you only think of looking for her at night?"

Li Mu said awkwardly, "Of course not. It's mainly because I have too many things to do. I'm always in the company during the day."

Chen Wan nodded and didn't tease Li Mu anymore. Instead, she said seriously, "You can't just ignore her because you're busy. You're already very successful in your career. Why are you still giving yourself so much pressure?"

Li Mu sighed softly, "The speed of the Internet is too fast. Once it starts, I really don't dare to stop."

Chen Wan said, "Aren't you leading by so much now?

QQ has already withdrawn from the competition. You should also give yourself some time to relax. "

Li Mu nodded and agreed verbally, but in his heart, he was thinking that it was the time for the domestic Internet industry to compete for territory. Those future big shots were all eyeing them covetously. He had only invited Boss Ma out of the instant messaging market. He didn't dare to say that he would take care of the rest of them one by one, but at the very least, he had to take care of those who were more cocky in his previous life and fed poisonous chicken soup to poor people when they had nothing to do. Don't you like to say that you most regret creating those big businesses after you become successful and famous? Fine, then don't create them.

Chen Wan knew that Li Mu had his own ideas for everything. It was very simple for him to change himself, but it was too difficult for her to change him, so she didn't say much. She added wine to Li Mu's glass and said to Li Mu, "Come on, let's finish the rest of this bottle."

At this time, the "Happy Camp" on TV had come to an end. As guests, simple plan and Du Wei sang on the stage respectively. The ratings did not break through the peak of 11.9%, and now they have begun to gradually fall back. However, the myth of 11.9% has spread rapidly in the radio and television system.

The program has not yet ended. Most of the TV industry knows this incredible data. Chen Wan's mobile phone began to receive all kinds of congratulatory calls. At first, it was the leaders and colleagues of Xiangnan Satellite TV, then it was her classmates, and even former colleagues of Yanjing Satellite TV. People who haven't been in touch for a long time also came to congratulate her.

The incessant phone calls made Chen Wan feel annoyed, so she turned off the phone directly. After drinking half a glass of red wine, she suddenly asked Li Mu like a child in a bad mood, "Why is the ratings so high!"

Li Mu said, "This is also caused by a combination of many conditions. Not only do you have a new addition, but also simple plan and Du Wei. Makino Technology has been helping to promote this program. With so many conditions being met at the same time, it can create such a high ratings. It is estimated that the next program will fall back. At least in the next program, Makino Technology will not help Xiangnan Satellite TV to promote for free. How many users can be saved during this period depends on the ratings of the next few programs."

Chen Wan leaned on Li Mu's shoulder again and said to Li Mu, "Bad boy, I feel a little regretful."

Li Mu asked her, "What's the matter?

What do you regret? "

Chen Wan shook her head and said, "I don't know. Maybe I regret going to Xiangnan Satellite TV. Maybe I regret that I shouldn't have chosen the host industry in the first place. If I choose a behind-the-scenes job, I may be able to stay in Yanjing Satellite TV. No matter what, I can be closer to you. You won't worry that when I become famous one day, you will add to my burden when you contact me again."

At this moment, Chen Wan's drunkenness had already reached her head. The greater the effect of alcohol, the more fragile her psychology became. The weak side that she had never shown to others gradually gained the upper hand, making her feel strongly worried and afraid at this moment. She was afraid that all Li Mu did was to help her get on the horse. Once she got on the horse, once the horse started running, Li Mu would slowly let go.

As soon as Li Mu heard what she said, he hurriedly comforted her, "Sister, I didn't mean that …"

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu and asked him, "Are you afraid that you will be targeted by the media or even have a scandal because of your contact with me in the future?"

Li Mu shook his head: "I'm not afraid, but …"

Chen Wan rushed to say: "I'm not afraid either."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously: "I understand."

Chen Wan sat cross-legged in front of Li Mu, squinting at him with burning eyes. She said in a half-drunk and half-sober voice: "You don't understand, I haven't finished what I wanted to say just now. In fact, I have been regretting other things for a long time."

Li Mu asked her: "What do you regret?"

Chen Wan pursed her lips and thought for a long time, then finally said: "I regret that I shouldn't have recognized you as my brother in the beginning. If we had known each other as friends from the beginning, then I wouldn't have felt any guilt when I liked you as a friend. I wouldn't have even taken the initiative to pursue you, and I wouldn't have felt any psychological pressure. But every time you call me sister, my heart feels especially uncomfortable. There's nothing I can do about it. I can only comfort myself by saying, 'If I look at it from a different perspective, I can't have a boyfriend like you. It's good to have a brother like you. But even if I comfort myself like this, my heart still feels uncomfortable.

"Sometimes I feel that if I could do it all over again, I would rather not drive out that day. That way, the two of us might not have any interaction in this life, and I wouldn't have to feel so much pain …"

Maybe it was because she had drunk too much, or maybe it was because she had suppressed her feelings for Li Mu for too long, but at this moment, Chen Wan could no longer hold back the emotions in her heart. Tears instantly gushed out. Then she closed her eyes for a moment, raised her hand to pick up the wine glass, tilted her head back, and drank it clean.

Li Mu was not an idiot. As a person in his thirties who had been reborn, how could he not see through the feelings that Chen Wan, a simple woman in her twenties, had for him? As a normal man, it was impossible for him to not have any feelings for a good woman like Chen Wan, who was almost flawless. Sometimes, he even felt that Chen Wan was the kind of woman who was most suitable to accompany for a lifetime. Her feelings were as gentle as water, lasting forever.

At the beginning, Li Mu only had thoughts of repaying Chen Wan's kindness, changing the course of her life, and not letting her repeat the same mistakes. But as the feelings in his heart continued to deepen, in his heart, Li Mu had already placed Chen Wan in a position where he needed to protect her for the rest of his life. He had an extraordinary sense of responsibility and mission for her, so even if he were to fantasize about her in the bottom of his heart, it would be a stain to this sense of responsibility, and it would also be disrespectful to her.