Chapter 1529

Compared to the treatment that Li Mu received, Anne Hathaway seemed to be given the cold shoulder.

Steve Johnson didn't expect Goldberg, as the host, to completely ignore Anne Hathaway. He found a gap and took the initiative to say to Davidson, "Let me introduce you to Miss Anne Hathaway. She's a famous Hollywood star, and also a good friend of Mr. Li Mu."

Davidson was stunned for a moment before he came back to his senses. With a slightly cold smile on his face, he said to Anne Hathaway, "Nice to meet you, Miss Anne. Welcome to Goldberg Manor."

Anne Hathaway already regretted agreeing to Steve Johnson's invitation, but she still acted very polite on the surface. She politely responded to Davidson's invitation, and then Davidson roughly introduced the family members around him as if he was going through the motions.

The other Goldberg members were just like Davidson, not interested in Anne Hathaway. In fact, these old British nobles not only didn't like celebrities in the entertainment industry, but they also looked down on them. In Britain, it was rare for a popular actress in the entertainment industry to marry into a wealthy family.

Anne Hathaway also knew that these proud British people usually looked down on the United States, not to mention that she was just an actress from America. Hollywood was a big name for ordinary people, but it was probably nothing to these nobles, so they definitely wouldn't take her seriously.

However, when it came to Wendy Gabor, Wendy's attitude was obviously much better than her own family members. Not only did she hug Anne Hathaway affectionately, but she also said very enthusiastically, "Miss Hathaway, I'm a fan of yours. The 'Princess Diaries' that you acted in was very good. I really liked it, and I've watched it many times."

Anne Hathaway finally felt a little better. She looked at Wendy Gabor gratefully and said, "Thank you for your compliment, Miss Gabor."

Wendy Gabor gently patted the back of Anne Hathaway's hand and said with a smile, "Just call me Wendy."

After saying that, she added, "I'll call you Anne from now on."

Anne Hathaway nodded her head slightly.

At that moment, Li Mu finally managed to free himself from being surrounded by the Goldberg family. He said to Anne Hathaway, "Anne, you must be tired from the journey, right?

Do you want Mr. Gao Bai to arrange a room for you to rest first? "

Anne Hathaway hurriedly nodded gratefully, and immediately breathed a sigh of relief. She was indeed tired, and she really didn't want to stand here like a fool. The entire Goldberg family, except for Wendy, treated her like air. Instead of being an eyesore here, it was better to arrange a room for her to rest.

Hearing Li Mu's words, Davidson immediately said with a smile, "Mr. Li, you must be tired from the journey. I'll let Wendy take you to the room that has been prepared for you."

After saying that, he said to Jimmy Gopher, who had gone to the airport to pick up Li Mu and Anne Hathaway, "Jimmy, send Miss Anne to the room prepared for her."

Li Mu frowned and asked him, "Mr. Gopher, aren't our rooms together?"

Davidson hurriedly said apologetically, "I'm really sorry, Mr. Lee. There are especially many guests this year, so the rooms are very scattered. We prepared a total of five rooms according to the list provided by Steve, but you don't have to worry. These rooms are not too far away from each other. We specially prepared a room with three beds next to your room for your three bodyguards."

Li Mu nodded slightly. After all, they were the hosts, and it was their right to arrange the rooms. As a guest, he could only follow the host's wishes.

As early as when Steve Johnson told Davidson that Li Mu had agreed to come to the UK, the cunning Davidson had already begun to make his own preparations.

First of all, he confirmed from Steve Johnson that Anne Hathaway must have some feelings for Li Mu, or even that she might have secretly fallen in love with him. However, Steve Johnson was not sure whether Li Mu had such feelings for Anne Hathaway, so Davidson had already made arrangements.

He arranged the room for Li Mu in the middle of the castle where the Goldberg family lived, opposite Wendy Gopher. He arranged the room for Li Mu's bodyguard next to Li Mu's, and arranged the room for his personal assistant upstairs.

As for Anne Hathaway and her accompanying assistant, they were arranged to stay in the west wing of the entire castle. It was at least a few hundred meters from the west wing to the center. In order to ensure the privacy of the main family, guests were not allowed to enter the private space of the Goldberg family without permission.

Davidson and more than a dozen direct members of the Goldberg family personally accompanied Li Mu and his entourage through the magnificent, richly ornamented main hall, through the long stone stairs, to the third floor in the middle of the castle. Although the castle looked very historical from the outside, the luxury and sophistication of the interior were simply beyond imagination.

The interior of the castle was extremely spacious, and it was divided into many different functional areas. The most magnificent one was the main banquet hall. Its scale and grandeur were very similar to the auditorium of the magic school in the Harry Potter movie.

Moreover, the modernization of the interior of the castle was also meticulously done, especially the lighting. It was said that several of the main crystal chandeliers hanging from the dome were all hand-made in Germany, and a single one of them sold for millions of dollars. Li Mu remembered that he had seen similar crystal chandeliers in the inhumane mosque in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates.

From the moment they went up the stairs, they were stepping on the best hand-woven carpets from the Middle East. All the way up the stairs, there were all kinds of framed paintings on one side of the wall. Li Mu didn't know how to paint, so he didn't know whose works they were and whether they were authentic. However, when he was about to reach the third floor, he saw a very familiar painting. It was Van Gogh's "Sunflower".

Li Mu stopped in front of the painting. Through the glass and with the help of the gentle light, he looked at the painting that he had seen many times but had never seen the original. He wondered whether the painting in front of him was the real one or not.

Seeing Li Mu stop in front of "Sunflower", Davidson asked curiously, "Do you like painting, Mr. Lee?"

Li Mu shook his head and said with a smile, "I don't know how to paint. It's just that this painting is too famous, so I stopped to take a look."

Davidson said, "If Mr. Lee likes it, I'll give you this painting as a small token of my appreciation."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You're too polite. How can I afford such an expensive gift?"

Although he said that, Li Mu thought that the painting hanging here was most likely fake, because he seemed to have seen this painting in textbooks before. In his impression, it seemed to be in the Van Gogh Museum, so it couldn't be in this place.

Unexpectedly, Davidson waved his hand indifferently and said, "This painting is not expensive. It only cost 30 million pounds."

Li Mu looked at Davidson in surprise, and then looked at the painting in front of him. He couldn't believe what Davidson said. Could it be that the original painting was in the hands of the Goldberg family?

At this time, Wendy Goldberg seemed to have noticed Li Mu's surprise. She smiled and explained to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, Van Gogh liked sunflowers very much when he was alive, so he used his brush to paint sunflowers many times. Some people say that he created a total of 11 'Sunflowers' in his life, but I personally think that if you count the practice, gifts, and lost works, it would at least be several times this number. Now, 'Sunflowers' can actually be confirmed to be authentic. There are a total of six of them, five of which are in different museums, and this is the only one in a private collection."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and sighed in his heart. He didn't expect it to be an authentic one. The global art market had not yet begun to heat up. If he held this painting in his hands, its value should double in ten years.

The Goldberg family was really generous. They just framed such an expensive painting and placed it on the wall on the side of the corridor. One had to know that it was worth hundreds of millions of yuan!

Moreover, if this painting was authentic, then all the paintings he saw along the way should be authentic. Judging from the Goldberg family's wealth, even if the other paintings weren't as expensive as this one, they wouldn't be cheap either. It was normal for them to cost millions of pounds.

After reaching the third floor, Davidson smiled and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, let Wendy take you to your room to rest. We won't disturb you. The first dinner of our party will be at 7: 30 pm. It will be held in the main banquet hall we just passed by. Wendy will call you in advance. Before that, you can have a good rest."

Li Mu nodded. He thanked Davidson and the other members of the Goldberg family and said goodbye. Then, Wendy Goldberg took Li Mu to the corridor on the right side of the hall on the third floor.

After passing through the spacious and bright corridor on the right side of the third floor, Li Mu found that there was still a painting hanging on the walls on both sides of the corridor every few meters.

What surprised Li Mu the most was that he actually saw the paintings of Qi Baishi and Zhang Daqian, the two masters of Hua Xia. Wendy Goldberg's artistic attainments were really high. She knew much more about these two masters than he did.

When they came to the door of one of the rooms, Wendy gently opened the door. She made a gesture to invite Li Mu in and said, "Mr. Lee, this is your room."

Li Mu followed Wendy in and found that this was not a room. It was simply a luxurious executive suite.

Wendy followed behind Li Mu and gave him a brief introduction. This room not only had a living room of 40 square meters, but also a bedroom of 30 square meters, a separate cloakroom, a study, and a bathroom.

There was also an open-air balcony outside the living room and bedroom, overlooking the square in the center of the castle.