Chapter 1685

After Li Mu and Du Wei successfully completed the customs formalities, they followed Schwarzenegger's motorcade to his villa in Sacramento.

Although it was called a villa, it was more appropriate to call it a manor when they arrived.

The entire villa covered an area of more than 10,000 square meters, and the building took up almost one-third of the area. The rest was a lawn, a swimming pool, and various green plants.

There were five parking spaces in the garage alone, and the garage was completely enclosed. One could directly enter the villa from the garage.

It was different from the Goldberg family's large manor. The Goldberg family's manor was an ancient castle far away from the city. There was a historical reason why it covered a large area and had a large building area.

Schwarzenegger's villa here was completely modern, and the design was very exquisite. It was more practical than an ancient castle with hundreds of years of history.

Compared to this place, Li Mu felt that his villa in the Purple Cloud Villa was really weak.

Li Mu curiously asked Schwarzenegger, "Arnold, how much did you spend on this villa?"

Schwarzenegger smiled and said, "The total cost was less than $4 million."

Li Mu was surprised, "Such a big villa cost less than $4 million?"

Schwarzenegger nodded and explained, "The property prices in Sacramento aren't high. If it were in Los Angeles, such a villa would start at least at $10 million, and if it were in the San Francisco Bay Area, the price would double."

Li Mu gently nodded. The property prices in the United States had always been relatively reasonable, except for special cases like San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Manhattan.

Schwarzenegger said, "Many Internet tycoons from Silicon Valley live in the Bay Area. The living environment there is very good. If Mr. Li is interested, you might as well buy a property in the Bay Area in the future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If we have more business in the United States in the future, it's not impossible to buy a house in the Bay Area. After all, it's close to Silicon Valley."

Schwarzenegger chatted with Li Mu as he led him and the others to the villa.

Schwarzenegger's wife and their four children also gathered at the door to greet them. They were very enthusiastic.

Celine Dion's husband, a music producer who was at least 20 years older than her, was also there to greet them.

Schwarzenegger took the initiative to introduce his beautiful wife, two boys and two girls to Li Mu.

His wife's name was Maria Shriver, and she was a beautiful and elegant white woman.

Li Mu politely shook her hand. She smiled and said, "Mr Li, thank you for helping Arnold all this time. Without you, he wouldn't have won this election."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Believe me, Maria. Even without me, Mr. Schwarzenegger can still succeed."

Maria glanced at Schwarzenegger and said with a smile, "This is Arnold's first time stepping into politics. I've always been worried about whether he has the ability to handle this position. However, he has a friend like you, Mr Li, so I'm completely relieved. I hope that in the future, Mr Li can help Arnold a little more, so that he doesn't become a joke in the United States. Of course, if Mr Li needs Arnold's help in the future, we will definitely do our best."

Li Mu smiled noncommittally, but in his heart, he thought that this Maria was very direct. She directly mentioned the key points in two sentences, and she was always praising him. She didn't seem like a normal family woman. She was very much like Hillary, who was by Bill Clinton's side when he was president.

Thus, he smiled and said to Schwarzenegger, "Arnold, you really got a good wife!"

Schwarzenegger laughed and said to Li Mu in a low voice, "Maria is the niece of the former president of the United States, John F. Kennedy. Although her surname isn't Kennedy, she's still a member of the Kennedy family. The Kennedys are sometimes very direct, so please forgive them, Mr Lee."

Schwarzenegger said again, "However, Maria is right about one thing. Without your help, Mr Lee, I definitely wouldn't have been elected smoothly.

In Schwarzenegger's eyes, Li Mu's help played a very big role in his successful election as governor of California.

However, Li Mu knew that Schwarzenegger could have been elected on his own, and he was just helping him add flowers to brocade.

However, Li Mu wasn't overly modest. On the contrary, he felt that Maria wasn't a simple woman. She said all this to him as soon as she came up, probably to test his position on Schwarzenegger's position, hoping to get his opinion.

Moreover, Maria had already expressed her position on Schwarzenegger's behalf in the few words she had said just now. Schwarzenegger was willing to cooperate deeply with him, so the rest was up to him whether or not he was willing to cooperate deeply with him.

As Li Mu thought of this, he smiled indifferently and said to Maria and Schwarzenegger, "I hope that we can cooperate deeply in the future, support and help each other. I'm very optimistic about Arnold's achievements as governor of California, so I will also give him as much help as I can to support him in achieving this goal."

The couple looked at each other. They were both excited about Li Mu's answer.

Originally, they were worried that Li Mu wouldn't be willing to play this petty governor game with them. However, they didn't expect that Li Mu wouldn't put on airs at all. He even expressed his willingness to cooperate deeply with them. As a result, Schwarzenegger, who was about to take office, felt reassured.

Schwarzenegger couldn't hide his excitement and said, "Mr. Li, I've specially asked someone to prepare Chinese food. Let's go to the restaurant now!"

Li Mu nodded gently. Schwarzenegger hurriedly made a gesture of invitation, politely and respectfully leading the way for Li Mu.

Schwarzenegger, who was already in his fifties, could be regarded as a senior in the entire Hollywood. However, when facing Li Mu, he completely put himself in a lower position. Even when he met the President of the United States in the early years, he hadn't been so polite.

This was normal in Schwarzenegger's view. Although Li Mu was very young, he had a huge business empire behind him, and he was the owner of this business empire. His strength was indeed very powerful.

In contrast, although the President of the United States was in charge of the most powerful country in the world, he was only a professional manager in charge of this country for a short period of time. Even when he was in office, his power would be greatly limited, not to mention that he would step down after a few years.

The old Schwarzenegger had a strong political ambition deep in his heart. He was eager to establish a long-term cooperative relationship with Li Mu and use Li Mu's power to help him do a better job as governor. Even if it was just some publicity resources, it could solve a lot of problems for him.

In every general election in the United States, the candidates had to spend a lot of campaign funds, and a large part of this money was thrown into publicity resources.

It could be said that whoever had a strong publicity channel had already won at the starting line.

What's more, any politician in the United States needed the support of a financial backer. At the moment, there was no stronger financial backer than Li Mu.

…

When he arrived at the restaurant, Li Mu saw a few Chinese chefs busying themselves. There were many Chinese dishes on the table, and they had specially prepared exquisite Chinese porcelain.

Schwarzenegger invited Li Mu and the others to take a seat. Then, he said to Li Mu, "Today's Chinese chefs were specially invited from Los Angeles. They are all very outstanding Chinese chefs. I hope that the food they make will be to your taste, Mr. Li."

At this moment, a serious Chinese chef walked into the restaurant and said to Li Mu in Chinese with a slight accent, "Mr. Li, we have also prepared a meticulously stewed Buddha jumps over the wall for you. It will be served in a few minutes."

Schwarzenegger said, "It is said that Buddha jumps over the wall is a famous dish of Hua Xia, so I made the decision to order one. I don't know if Mr. Li will like it. If you don't, I will ask the chef to prepare something else."

"I'm fine with anything."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Arnold, you are too polite. I actually don't have high standards when it comes to food. You don't have to go through so much trouble."

Schwarzenegger quickly said, "Mr. Li flew all the way here to support me. This is what I should do."

As he spoke, Schwarzenegger took out two bottles of Maotai from the liquor cabinet next to him and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, it must be very tiring to take such a long flight. Let's have a drink to relieve your fatigue."

Li Mu didn't refuse.

However, when Li Mu really started drinking with Schwarzenegger at the table, he realized that Schwarzenegger's alcohol tolerance was not just a little bit better.

After Li Mu drank a few bottles of white wine, he felt a little tipsy.

Celine Dion also heard Maria's intention. She also wanted to seize the huge opportunity that was Li Mu, but she put the starting point on Du Wei.

Because she felt that she couldn't use the governor's position like Schwarzenegger to plot for Li Mu's resources. In that case, it would be better to directly start with Li Mu's sister. "

Therefore, she had been taking time to talk with Du Wei about music-related matters. Unlike Schwarzenegger, who directly used the governor's position to exchange for Li Mu's resources, she hoped to use Du Wei's hand to exchange for Li Mu's resources.

…

After the meal, Schwarzenegger called the servants and asked them to take Li Mu's assistant and bodyguards to the guest room on the third floor to rest. He personally took Li Mu and Du Wei to the second floor.

According to Schwarzenegger, this villa had nineteen bedrooms.

There were five rooms on the first floor, all for servants, drivers, and bodyguards. The second and third floors each had seven bedrooms. The third floor was full of guest rooms, and the second floor was his and his children's room. Occasionally, there were relatives or very important guests who were arranged to stay on the second floor.

On the entire second floor, Schwarzenegger and his wife shared a room, his two sons each had a room, and his two daughters lived in the same room. There were three rooms left. One was arranged for Celine Dion, and the other two were arranged for Li Mu and Du Wei.

Du Wei had been chatting with Celine Dion, and the two seemed to be quite congenial. Schwarzenegger said to Celine Dion at the staircase, "Celine, the room arranged for Miss Du is next to yours. If it's convenient for you, accompany Miss Du. I think you two will get along better."

Celine Dion immediately nodded and said to Du Wei, "You live next to me. We can discuss music together at night!"