Chapter 362

In a bar in Sanlitun, Li Mu met the famous Dufy for the first time.

Dufy was about the same age as Chen Ze, around 25 years old. She was very beautiful and capable. She looked very much like Su Yingxue after she became a successful career woman in her previous life. In Li Mu's opinion, women's beauty might be different, but a good temperament could not be determined by a beautiful appearance. For a woman like Dufy, she had a very high degree of education, had a vision and knowledge that surpassed ordinary girls, and also had her own pursuit of a career. She also had experience in the workplace. Such a woman had a unique aura that was not inferior to men, and had a unique flavor.

It was no wonder that Chen Ze, who was a second generation rich kid with good looks, family background, and personal ability, would fall in love with her. Moreover, he had been chasing after her for a long time.

Dufy had stayed abroad for many years and did not have many friends in China. Some of her close childhood friends were basically overseas. After returning to China, it was usually Chen Ze who was around her all day. Over time, it became a habit. After returning to China, if she wanted to go out to play, other than Chen Ze, sometimes she could not think of anyone else. Lin Lin was one of them, but the relationship between the two was not very close, and they did not have many common topics.

Dufy, who met Li Mu for the first time, was extremely surprised. Although she had heard many of his amazing anecdotes before meeting him, she could not help but sigh when she met him in person. This guy was really too young. Such a young man, who was not even 20 years old, had created Makino Technology, created Tieba, Easy Listening, Happy Farm, 3321, and Alipay. He was simply the most praised talent in the domestic Internet industry recently.

Not only was he outstanding in the field of the Internet, but he was also a talented songwriter at such a young age. At the same time, he was also a semi-professional singer. The two songs he wrote for his baby sister were simply amazing.

Both of them marveled at each other in their hearts. Chen Ze introduced them to each other, and Dufy very straightforwardly raised her glass and said to Li Mu, "I've heard about you for so long, and today I finally get to see you in person. Come, let me toast you to thank you for the two songs you gave Xiaowei."

Li Mu raised his glass and clinked glasses with her. He smiled and said, "You don't have to be so polite. Those two songs are the best ending for Xiaowei."

Lin Lin was confused. After the two of them drank the wine, she couldn't help but ask, "What two songs?

Why didn't I know about this? "

Dufy pointed at Li Mu and said with a smile, "Ask him yourself."

Lin Lin turned her head to look at Li Mu. Li Mu pretended to be mysterious and said, "You will know after the New Year."

"Hmph, I really want to know!"

Although she was very curious, Lin Lin still maintained her unyielding character. She rolled her eyes at Li Mu and then said to Dufy, "Feifei, are you going back after the New Year?"

Dufy nodded and said, "Yes, I still have a lot of work to do in the office."

Lin Lin said, "In my opinion, you should go back to China to develop your career. You can do architectural design anywhere. It doesn't have to be in the United States. It's so far away. It's so tiring."

Dufy smiled and said, "It's okay if it's a little tiring. The main thing is that I just graduated. My ability, vision, and way of thinking are not mature enough. I'm still trying to figure out my personal design style. At this time, I have to work hard in a top office and accumulate experience. Only then can I make a name for myself in the future. When I can independently win a building design in the United States that costs tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars and build it perfectly, it won't be too late to go back to China to develop my career."

Li Mu observed carefully. Chen Ze's expression was a little surprised and a little disappointed.

It was really not easy to win a building design that cost tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars on her own. Although Li Mu didn't understand architecture, he understood that no one would be stupid enough to hand such a large investment project to a young woman in her twenties to design, unless she relied on her connections.

In the future, there would be a lot of strange buildings in China. Some were even ugly to a new level, such as underpants buildings, long johns buildings, buildings in the shape of certain organs, and so on. The designers probably had connections and entered through the back door.

Chen Ze also felt that Du Fei's wish was too ambitious, so ambitious that it was somewhat unrealistic. He had studied the architectural design industry from the perspective of love for the house, and only after careful study did he realize how difficult it was to make a name for oneself in this industry. First of all, most designers lacked good opportunities. There were only a limited number of world-renowned architectural design firms, and almost every firm had at least one famous Demon King-level big shot in the industry. The entire firm would revolve around the Demon King. Those high-cost projects would already have sufficient design budgets at the beginning of the project, and the project tenders would only be carried out in top firms. It was very difficult for a newcomer to enter a top firm, and it was even more difficult for him to make a name for himself after entering a top firm.

However, Dufy seemed to be very confident in herself and said calmly, "I believe that I should be able to achieve this goal before I'm forty."

"Forty?" It was the first time that Chen Ze heard Dufy mention such a time point, and his mind was a little confused.

Although Dufy was optimistic, she wasn't blind at all. She said seriously, "It's very difficult for a female designer to make a name for herself in the industry before forty is already very impressive."

Chen Ze nodded and remained silent.

Dufy was very curious about Li Mu, so she couldn't help but ask him a few more questions, "I heard that you're only a freshman now?"

Li Mu grunted and nodded slightly.

Dufy exclaimed, "That's amazing. If you were in those famous universities in America, you would probably have dropped out long ago to start your own business, just like Bill Gates."

Li Mu laughed and said, "There's also Xiao Zhuang."

Dufy asked curiously, "Who's Xiao Zhuang?"

Only then did Li Mu come back to his senses. Mark Zuckerberg should be younger than him, around seventeen or eighteen years old. He should still be in high school, so Facebook definitely hadn't been born yet. Naturally, Dufy wouldn't have heard of this person.

However, when Li Mu thought of Mark Zuckerberg, he immediately thought of the super social media giant that would grow to a hundred billion dollars in the future — Facebook. This company was simply too legendary, and it was the youngest of the top companies in the world.

Li Mu had been a coder in his previous life, and the billionaire Mark Zuckerberg had always been his idol. He had studied Mark Zuckerberg's entrepreneurial history, and he clearly remembered a few key points in his entrepreneurial history.

In October 2003, Mark Zuckerberg, who was studying at Harvard, founded Facemash. This was a website that selected the beauties of Harvard University. The website was very popular at Harvard after it was launched, but it was shut down not long after. However, Mark Zuckerberg was inspired by this website, and it was also at this moment that he decided to create Facebook.

When it came to his experience of creating Facebook, there were many coincidences, but there were also many inevitable factors. One of the inevitable factors of success was the name of the product: Facebook, or Facebook.

In fact, in the concept of social media, Mark Zuckerberg had a special fondness for the word "Face." This could be seen from his first entrepreneurial project, Facemash. Immediately after that, his second entrepreneurial project was named Facebook, which was enough to show his special fondness for the word.

In addition to the name, the domain name also reflected Mark Zuckerberg's extraordinary love for the word "Face." For Internet entrepreneurs, a good domain name was definitely the beginning of success. For example, hao123. A considerable part of the reason for its success was because the domain name was simple and easy to remember. Another example was Taobao, Baidu, and NetEase 163. The domain names were extraordinarily simple or catchy. If Taobao had not been called Taobao, but "Buy together," Father Ma probably would not have been able to achieve the net worth he had in the future.

Mark Zuckerberg also attached great importance to domain names. After he thought of a name for his second entrepreneurial project — Facebook, this was the domain name that he wanted the most. However, the domain name had already been taken by someone at that time. Mark Zuckerberg contacted the other party and tried to buy it. Although the other party only asked for tens of thousands of dollars, this was a price that Mark Zuckerberg could not afford when he was still a student at that time.

He could not afford the domain name, so he settled for the next best thing and registered the domain name of The Facebook. This further proved Mark Zuckerberg's obsession with the name.

Later, after Facebook received financing, Mark Zuckerberg spent 200,000 dollars to buy the domain name in order to improve his website to the next level. This was also the reason why Tengxun, 361, and JD.com spent a lot of money to buy the domain name of the same name.

Thinking of this, Li Mu's mind suddenly flashed. Mark Zuckerberg thought of Facebook. Li Mu could be sure of two things.

First, Mark Zuckerberg did not have money when he started his business, so he was not a second-generation rich kid, nor was he a successful entrepreneur. He was just a student, a Harvard student who could not afford ten or twenty thousand dollars.

Second, Mark Zuckerberg was obsessed with Facebook. Otherwise, he would not have registered the domain name of The Facebook after he could not afford the original domain name.