Chapter 859

In his previous life, Weibo and Taobao had exchanged resources. Many Internet celebrities and celebrities helped Taobao sellers advertise on Weibo, and they could earn hundreds of thousands of advertising revenue with just one post.

There were also some flamers who relied on sensationalism to gather fans on Weibo, and then used the advertising of Taobao stores to cash in on their fans. These were typical cases of Weibo directing traffic to Taobao.

In addition, many Internet celebrities also opened their own stores on Taobao, using their fans and influence to attract their fans from Weibo to their Taobao stores. This was also a way for Weibo to direct traffic to Taobao.

Weibo had traffic, and Taobao had money. Therefore, Weibo's traffic was directed to Taobao. Not only could he make money, but he could also help Taobao make money. This was the mission that Li Mu wanted to give to the blog next. He wanted to direct traffic to Taobao and help Taobao make money. At the same time, he could also make money for himself and his users. They could exchange resources and develop together. This was the healthiest business model.

It was also because Li Mu wanted to use Tieba to incubate the blog and Weibo, and he had thought of a channel for the blog and Weibo to cash in. Therefore, he was not willing to integrate this business into Makino Technology's financing.

Li Mu alone knew all these plans, and his team only knew a small part of it. The capital knew nothing.

It was precisely because the capital knew nothing that they wouldn't pay too much attention to this business. When the time came to separate it, the capital certainly wouldn't struggle too much. After all, their core goal was Muye Technology.

Once it was separated and Makino Technology completed the financing, the derivative of Tieba, "blog", could be launched. At that time, Tieba and blog would not only have higher traffic and influence, but they could also reflect a strong enough profit through Taobao. At that time, the valuation of this business alone would also increase a lot.

As for the game, Li Mu thought even more about it.

Xu Bo, nicknamed Old Xu, had already joined Makino Technology. As long as he guided him a little, he would definitely be able to make "Fantasy Journey to the West". If he was involved, perhaps his "Fantasy Journey to the West" would be even better than NetEase's "Fantasy Journey to the West" in his previous life. This was a long-term business that could earn him money for more than ten years. It would only make sense if he could develop it independently. Otherwise, it would be a waste of capital.

The people from West Mountain Residence had also joined in. Li Mu was ready to let them start developing a Xianxia or Wuxia game. Currently, the domestic online game market was still in its infancy. There were only a few truly domestic games, and the concept of IP had not yet taken off. Since West Mountain Residence was good at Xianxia and Wuxia games, why not take advantage of the fact that the game copyright market had not yet opened and spend some money to buy the game copyrights of all of Mr. Jin Yong's works, including the mobile game copyrights.

The copyright to Mr. Jin Yong's game would definitely not fetch a high price. A few million or even tens of millions would probably be amazing. Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, this sum of money was completely worth the investment.

In this case, with just Xu Bo and West Mountain Residence, his client-side game market was already guaranteed. In the future, his client-side game company would not only be able to develop games, but there would also be a large number of awesome games waiting for him to be the agent. The profit margin would be immeasurable. The more this was the case, the more he had to separate it in advance. He did not want to let the Series C capital in, lest they took advantage of him for nothing. If they wanted to come in, they could wait until the business of these two sectors was worth a lot of money, then they could come in with big money. At that time, Li Mu would welcome them with open arms.

The two strategies were completely developed in his mind. Li Mu let Ding Zhenglin communicate with Sequoia and Softbank according to his request. At the same time, he prepared to take some time to deal with the client-side game.

…

At the end of August, many universities in Yanjing started school. The National People's Congress and Yanjing University also entered the countdown to the start of school. The people from West Mountain Residence had already arrived, but Xu Bo was late because of personal issues.

After Xu Bo left his job, the appointment with Makino Technology's HR was originally in late August. However, it was said that he went home to deal with some family matters, so it was delayed until the end of August.

On Xu Bo's first day at work, Kong Lingyu called him to his office.

As soon as he arrived at the company, the general manager and second-in-command of Makino Technology called an ordinary game planner like him to his office. Xu Bo was surprised and happy, but he was also very nervous. He was afraid that he did not perform well and left a bad impression on the leader.

Kong Lingyu was very polite to Xu Bo. He invited him to take a seat and asked his secretary to make tea. It was as if he was treating him like a guest. This made Xu Bo even more confused.

Faced with the nervous Xu Bo, Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Old Xu, do you know why I called you over as soon as you reported in?"

Xu Bo shook his head and said, "Director Kong, if you have any orders, just let me know."

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Actually, there is one thing that I didn't explain to you very clearly before. Do you know why I noticed your resume?"

Xu Bo shook his head again.

Kong Lingyu said lightly, "Actually, your resume is not the most outstanding among all the resumes. The reason why the company paid attention to you is mainly because our Li Zong saw your resume by chance. He is very impressed with your vision of submitting your resume to Makino Technology, which has yet to build a real game team even though you are in Yangcheng."

Xu Bo was stunned, "Li Zong?

Is the Li Zong you mentioned Li Mu? "

Kong Lingyu smiled and asked, "Do you think there will be another Li Zong?"

Xu Bo asked nervously and excitedly, "You mean, Li Zong saw my resume?"

"That's right."

Kong Lingyu said, "Li Zong's intuition is very accurate. He saw your resume and was more interested in you. That's why I noticed your resume after his reminder."

Hearing this, Xu Bo couldn't help but let out a gasp of surprise. He never dreamed that Li Mu, the pride of Hua Xia, would pay attention to his resume. What an honor it was. It should be the same feeling as a rookie programmer in the future when his resume was personally reviewed by Er Ma …

Seeing his surprise, Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Li Zong attaches great importance to the game business. A few days ago, the twelve core members of Jinxi Mountain Residence have already been hired. Our game business will be in a period of rapid development, so we need you and other colleagues in the game business to work together to make our game business bigger and stronger."

Xu Bo nodded repeatedly, "Don't worry, Mr. Kong. I will do my best!"

Kong Lingyu nodded happily. He looked at the time and said, "How about this, I will bring you to Li Zong's office. You can have a good chat with him. Li Zong is very interested in NetEase's Journey to the West Online. He might ask you some questions about it. Do your best."

Xu Bo was very nervous, but he still said firmly, "Okay, Mr. Kong. I will do my best later."

After a while, Kong Lingyu brought Xu Bo to Li Mu's office. It was the first time that Xu Bo met Li Mu, who had appeared on TV countless times. It was also the first time that Li Mu met Xu Bo, whose nickname was Old Xu.

Kong Lingyu introduced Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, this is Xu Bo. He just joined today."

Li Mu smiled and nodded. He pointed at the chair in front of his boss's desk and said to Xu Bo, "Come, come, come. Please have a seat."

Xu Bo walked to the chair nervously and sat down uneasily. At this time, Kong Lingyu said, "Li Zong, I won't disturb you anymore."

Li Mu nodded. Kong Lingyu said goodbye to Xu Bo and then left Li Mu's office.

Li Mu looked at Xu Bo, who had anxiety and nervousness written all over his face. He smiled lightly and asked him, "You came from Yang Cheng. Can you adapt to the environment in Yan Jing?"

Xu Bo smiled nervously and said, "I can't feel it now. I'm just afraid that I can't adapt to the sub-zero temperature in winter."

Li Mu laughed and said, "There's heating in Yan Jing, so it's very comfortable indoors. It's just that it's a bit dry."

Xu Bo nodded, but he was puzzled. The young man in front of him was the boss of Makino Technology and the most powerful person in Hua Xia. Why would he call a nobody like him to his office and ask about his well-being? It was really hard to understand.

At this time, Li Mu began to get to the point. He said, "I heard from Mr. Kong that when you were in the second interview, you had a rough idea of the game?"

Xu Bo suddenly thought of the idea he had told Kong Lingyu during the second interview. Kong Lingyu first asked him how to change Journey to the West Online, and his answer was that instead of changing the version, it was better to develop it from scratch. Therefore, he said to Li Mu, "I did talk to Mr. Kong about a rough idea that day. It's based on the foundation of Journey to the West Online. I'm inclined to use the background of Journey to the West and the elements of Journey to the West Online, along with some of my own ideas, to create a cartoon-like Journey to the West game."

Li Mu nodded and said without hiding anything, "I won't beat around the bush with you. To be honest, I'm really lacking a good client-side game right now, especially a good client-side game that I developed myself. If I give you a chance to create the game according to your own ideas, do you think you can do it well?"

Although Xu Bo had always been ambitious and felt that he could definitely make the game better, he was a little afraid when asked if he had the confidence to do so.

After hesitating for a moment, Xu Bo rationally analyzed his current situation. Although he was surprised by Li Mu's question, it was also a great opportunity for him. Therefore, he suppressed the excitement in his heart and said, "Li Zong, I think I can do it well."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Alright, then write a game framework for me first."

Xu Bo asked, "Should I write it myself, or can you give me some requirements?"

Li Mu smiled mysteriously and said, "I have a few requirements."

"First, the game must revolve around the background of Journey to the West, which is a well-known story."

"Second, the game must have a huge background and mission system."

"Third, NetEase's' Journey to the West 'has already hired Zhou Xingchi as the spokesperson. In this case, we can't directly refer to the plot and main characters in the movie. However, I hope that when you design the NPCs, you can tailor them according to the characteristics of the main characters in the movie. For example, Zhu Yin, Wu Mengda, Mo Wenwei, and Liu Zhenwei."

Xu Bo said in surprise, "If we design the characters in Zhou Xingchi's' Journey to the West ', it will conflict with' Journey to the West Online '."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Our plot will not be based on 'Journey to the West', but the characters will be based on the actors in 'Journey to the West'."

Xu Bo said, "I also hope to design the characters in 'Journey to the West', but the movie company and NetEase will definitely not agree. If there is a lawsuit …"

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "Don't worry about the bold design. When the time comes, I will directly let these actors authorize us to make their cartoon characters and put them in the game. In addition, I can even let them personally participate in the production of the game, such as recording, videotaping, and also let them participate in the promotion of the game. As long as the character names and plot settings do not use the elements of 'Journey to the West', there will be no problem."

Hearing this, Xu Bo's expression immediately became excited and he blurted out, "That's great!

I will start writing the game framework according to your requirements today! "

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "Do you have any ideas about the name of the game that you have designed?"