Chapter 1619

As soon as Li Mu hung up, William asked curiously, "Mr. Li, was it Wendy Gao Bo who called?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded and said, "She'll be arriving in Yanjing tomorrow morning. She'll be studying at Yanjing University when school starts."

William smiled and said, "To be honest, I think Wendy came to Hua Xia because, as the old saying goes, Hua Xia has ulterior motives."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter what her intentions are. We're just ordinary friends."

As he spoke, Li Mu teased, "Oh, right. I've arranged for her to stay in the same hotel as you. If you're interested in her, you can take the opportunity to develop your relationship."

William hurriedly said, "I already have a girlfriend."

Li Mu asked curiously, "You have a girlfriend?

What does she do? "

"She's my university classmate," William said shyly. "We went to university together in Scotland."

Li Mu did not know much about William's love history. He only knew that his future wife was called Kate, so he asked tentatively, "What's your girlfriend's name?"

"Uh …" William did not know why Li Mu was asking in such detail. After hesitating for a moment, he still answered very seriously, "Her name is Kate, Kate Middleton."

“holyshit！”

Li Mu could not help but exclaim. What the hell? Was William already dating his future wife?

William did not understand why Li Mu would have such a big reaction after hearing his girlfriend's name. Could it be that he knew his girlfriend?

It did not make sense …

So William could not help but ask, "Mr. Li, what are you surprised about?"

Li Mu came back to his senses and said, "It's nothing. It's just that from the surname, it doesn't seem to be a noble, right?"

William nodded awkwardly and said, "I didn't expect Mr. Li to have studied the surnames of the British nobles. To be honest, the Middleton family is indeed not considered a noble. Strictly speaking, they should be considered commoners."

Li Mu nodded and pondered.

In his previous life, after the prince's wedding, he had seen some gossip reports. However, in these reports, Kate was not very optimistic about her. Some people said that she was scheming to get to the throne. Some people said that her entire family was very utilitarian. Her mother had always groomed her in the direction of a princess. In short, a lot of dark history was dug out. However, Li Mu did not expect that the two of them would be together so early.

In his memory, this brother would be married for another seven to eight years. Was this the rhythm of a long-distance love?

At the thought of this, Li Mu felt that it was not worth it for William. The current William looked quite spirited, and his hair was also exuberant. There were no signs of his balding hairstyle. He was definitely handsome and elegant. Moreover, his family background was very important in Europe. It could be said that he was from a top aristocratic family. For such a young man to be trapped in a hole that had been dug for several years, or even more than ten years, was a little pitiful.

Li Mu was not so free that he had to interfere with William's private life. However, he felt that since William had already taken the first step to kissing Hua Xia, the road ahead was long. He might as well guide him to the end of the road of kissing Hua Xia. If this brother could exchange a year with Hua Xia, then get a girlfriend from Hua Xia, and finally marry Miss Hua Xia, wouldn't that be wonderful?

This was almost equivalent to turning the United Kingdom into the new socialist light of Europe …

At the thought of this, Li Mu suddenly asked William, "William, how many years before you graduate?"

William said, "I graduate in 2005."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In the second half of the year, you'll be training 3321 in the United Kingdom. Then, in the first half of next year, are you interested in coming to Hua Xia as an exchange student?"

"Come to Hua Xia as an exchange student?!" William looked at Li Mu in shock. He thought that Li Mu was joking with him.

Li Mu said seriously, "There are many benefits to coming to Hua Xia as an exchange student. You've seen it too. This time, you've already received the recognition of the 1.3 billion people of Hua Xia. You've also won their favor. However, people are forgetful. If you turn around and there's no new topic to talk about, everyone will quickly forget about you."

After saying that, Li Mu tempted him again. "Hua Xia is developing very quickly now. It won't be long before it surpasses Japan and becomes the world's second largest economy. At that time, the entire Western world will have a lot of interaction with Hua Xia. The whole world's attention will be gathered here. If you're a prince of a Western royal family and come to Hua Xia as an exchange student, to the people of the West, you'll be the brightest star in the eastern sky. And to the people of the East, if a Western prince comes here to study and live, the people of Hua Xia will see you as the closest Western face. You're trying to please both sides, brother."

William was a little tempted, but he still seemed a little reluctant. After hesitating for a moment, he said, "I'll go back and consider your suggestion. I'll also communicate with Kate."

"Communicate your sister …" Li Mu said in Chinese. Seeing that William was confused, he said directly, "I'll give the Queen a call later and personally communicate with her about this. It's obvious that you don't have enough awareness. You're only thinking about romance in the face of major issues. If this goes on, there's only one possibility for your future path. Do you want to know what it is?"

"What is it …" William looked at Li Mu, a little ashamed. Although the two of them were about the same age, he had already completely regarded Li Mu as a big brother who led the way. He respected and trusted Li Mu's sudden criticism of him made him feel bad.

Li Mu said, "I'm telling you, you have to listen carefully. If you're not ambitious enough, then it's very likely that after you graduate from university, you can only join the British Royal Army. You'll either join the navy or the air force. I heard that you like to fly planes, then the peak of your personal life will probably be to become a pilot in the British Royal Air Force. After serving in the army for a few years, you'll be discharged and then announce your marriage to your civilian girlfriend. Because you're a prince, the whole world will pay attention to your wedding. After your wedding, everyone will completely forget about you."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "A member of the royal family who can't create his own topics of conversation will eventually become an illusory symbol of royal power and a mascot for the whole country. Do you know what a mascot is?

"Hua Xia is a socialist country. We don't have imperialism, so we don't have a royal mascot. However, we have pandas, so no matter which country our pandas go, they'll represent Hua Xia." Hua Xia has a special diplomatic method called Panda Diplomacy. You constitutional monarchies also have your special diplomatic method called Royal Diplomacy. To be honest, do you think there's an essential difference between the two?

Do you want to become a British panda in the future? "

"This …"

Li Mu's words were very direct, directly hitting the most vulnerable part of William's heart.

He suddenly thought of why the whole Windsor family, as the peak existence of the Western imperial power, would do everything possible to cater to Li Mu. The reason was very simple. They wanted to help him get rid of the fate of being a mascot through Li Mu's ability and means. Now that there was a perfect start, his momentary hesitation let Li Mu see through his incompetence. He could get to where he was today because of Li Mu's forceful dragging.

At this moment, William's heart was bursting with shame. He couldn't help clenching his fists and saying to Li Mu, "Li Zong, you're right. I don't want to become a British panda … I hope that I can play a greater role and have more initiative and autonomy …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you should listen to my arrangement. Separate from your little girlfriend and play the role of bridgehead in Hua Xia. Don't let anyone know that you're in love, because young people will regard you as an idol, and what they don't want to see the most is their idol falling in love or even getting married."

William said seriously, "Don't worry, I'll definitely keep a low profile."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "It's useless to keep a low profile. Once you really become an international celebrity with your own topics and popularity, countless people will desperately dig into your private life. At that time, who you eat with, who you watch movies with, who you even ski with, who you sleep with, will be exposed. Once your relationship is confirmed, your popularity will be greatly reduced. Moreover, if your exposed girlfriend happens to not be liked by the public, then you'll be even more miserable. You'll instantly become the target of everyone's criticism, and everything you've painstakingly built up will vanish into thin air."

William couldn't help but say, "Really?

Although Kate is from a civilian background, her image and temperament are great, and she has also received a good education. Moreover, she is from a civilian background, which is very easy for her to win the public's support. "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Do you really think that everyone will like the story of modern Cinderella?

Wake up, everyone likes the story of Cinderella because they know that there is no Cinderella in this world, and they want to be the real Cinderella. But if you suddenly tell them that there is indeed a Cinderella story in this world, but the female lead isn't you, do you think they'll really be interested?

Will they applaud and cheer for you? "

"But … but …"

Although William was about the same age as Li Mu, in terms of mental age and life experience, he was still far behind. Li Mu was a master of sophistry, and with just a few words, he could beat William into a ditch.

At this moment, Li Mu reminded William, "William, listen to my advice. What you need is not some Cinderella from the civilian district who wants to marry into a rich family. What you need is a woman who truly has the ability to walk on the world stage by herself."