Chapter 1023

With the release of various rankings, Paradise Town ushered in the first update since it landed in the United States.

The biggest change in the rules of this update was the addition of multiple rankings. In addition, there was a visual change in the game, which was the addition of many paid high-end decorations.

The so-called "high-end decorations" were ornamental props used to decorate the town in the game and had no direct effect on the game itself. They were the same as YY shows, which had no use other than to look at.

These high-end decorations included classic landscapes from all over the world. For example, users could buy the Eiffel Tower, the Oriental Pearl TV Tower in Shanghai, the Tokyo Tower, the Sphinx in Egypt, the Statue of Liberty in the United States, and so on. The prices of these landscapes were very high, often several dollars or even dozens of dollars each. Among them, the "Taj Mahal" which represented touching love was sold for as high as 99 dollars.

In addition, there were many small embellishments, such as more cartoonish and beautiful dog kennels, houses, roads, rare and beautiful ornamental plants, sculptures, signs, and so on.

'Paradise Town' completely copied the user positioning of the YY show in these high-end decorative props. These things were useless in themselves, but they looked good. Moreover, they could be shown to all their friends and let them say "F * ck" or "Wow" to satisfy the user's vanity.

Just like YY shows, if one did not spend money on high-end decorations, the system would also give the most basic personal image. However, once compared with expensive decorations, the free props were simply basic and disgusting.

Even many of the employees of Makino Technology were not optimistic about these expensive props. They thought that no one would be stupid enough to spend money on these things. However, Li Mu was very confident. He was reborn in 2016, and he knew how popular the live streaming platform was back then. Was the Taj Mahal worth 99 dollars scary?

How about a rocket worth 500 dollars?

How about a sports car worth 888 dollars?

How about a yacht worth 1,314 dollars?

There were many rich people, and there were many people who were willing to tip huge amounts of money to the person they liked. The key was that no one had yet triggered their latent "throwing money" gene!

…

As soon as the new version of Paradise Town, which included two major updates, was released, it quickly caused a huge impact among the American college users.

After the update of Paradise Town, Mark Zuckerberg and Dustin Moskovitz both looked a little sad. It seemed that they both had a lot on their minds.

After Mark Zuckerberg immersed himself in "Paradise Town" a few days ago, he tried to chat with his goddess, Fiona, in "Paradise Town" every day. However, Fiona rarely replied to him, and even if she did reply, her reply was very slow, and even completely inconsistent with the content of Mark Zuckerberg's chat.

For example, at eight in the morning, Mark Zuckerberg asked Fiona in the game, "What did you have for breakfast?"

However, Fiona didn't reply to him until five o'clock in the afternoon. "Please remember to visit my town!"

Originally, Mark Zuckerberg thought that it would be a breakthrough to have a direct connection with Fiona in the game. He didn't expect that as soon as he entered the game, his progress would slow down again.

It was only later that Mark Zuckerberg found out that Fiona had more than a thousand friends in the game. With so many friends, she naturally couldn't be wary of all of them.

This was also the main reason why Mark Zuckerberg was in a bad mood.

Mark Zuckerberg's bad mood worsened after Paradise Town released several rankings, because he found that the top ten of Fiona's friend contribution list were not human at all!

The reason why he said they weren't human was because they didn't treat money as money!

In the first hour after the leaderboard was opened, Fiona's number one friend's contribution had reached 15,000 points. Mark Zuckerberg already knew the rules of Paradise Town like the back of his hand. He could only get 10 contribution points each time he helped his friends, such as weeding, watering, killing insects, and so on. Moreover, there was a limit to the number of times a day. He could only help the same friend five times in total. In other words, out of the 15,000 contribution points of the friend, he could only get 50 points at most through the help function of the game.

Then where did the remaining 14,950 contribution points come from?

Naturally, it was by spending money. According to the rules of the game, for every dollar spent on a friend, one would receive 10 contribution points.

14,950 contribution points, which meant that the bastard who ranked first had given Fiona tools worth 1,495 dollars within the first hour of the gift function being activated.

1,495 dollars!

Although Mark Zuckerberg came from a good family, it was still very shocking for a college student like him to have so much money. Even if he was beaten to death, he wouldn't be able to afford it. Even if he could afford it, he wouldn't spend it all on the game even if he was beaten to death …

Apart from him, the person in second place also spent about 1,000 dollars, and the person in tenth place spent more than 400 dollars.

Mark Zuckerberg suddenly felt a little desperate. To be in the top ten of Fiona's friend contribution list, he had to spend at least 500 dollars. In comparison, his motive of wanting to get closer to Fiona through the game was really a pipe dream.

But this was just the beginning.

After another hour, the person in first place on Fiona's friend contribution list had reached 30000 contribution points!

As for the second place, it was obvious that they were fighting it out with him, not letting go at all, reaching 29500!

The two seemed to be still fighting with each other. A minute later, the person in second place suddenly gained 990 points, instantly surpassing the person in first place. A few minutes later, the person in first place suddenly gained 990 points, achieving a reversal.

Within a few minutes, the other party repeatedly used 990 contribution points as a unit, going back and forth for several rounds, so that the contribution points of the person in first place reached an astonishing 37920, and the person in second place followed closely behind, only a few dozen points behind.

This kind of back and forth battle continued, with no signs of stopping at all.

Until the person in second place became anxious and added 9,900 contribution points in one go, it looked like he had given ten "Taj Mahals" in one go.

Mark Zuckerberg was dumbfounded. Every 990 points represented 99 dollars!

They didn't even blink when it came to spending!

Just how rich were these guys?

However, after Mark Zuckerberg thought about it carefully, he felt that he was a little too sensitive. Although Harvard was a top school, there was no lack of rich kids from big families. The number of students who drove supercars in the school was at least in the double digits, and many of them lived in villas outside the school. Their lives were extremely carefree. It was said that in the whole of Harvard, there were more than a hundred million dollars in family assets. For these people, money was just a number to them, nothing at all. In order to pick up girls, not to mention a few thousand dollars, even if it was a sports car that cost tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars, they would not be stingy.

In addition to lamenting that there were too many rich people in Harvard, Mark Zuckerberg could only sigh that the operating company behind Paradise Town was indeed very scheming. It allowed users to exchange paid items with each other, which was equivalent to opening an entrance to infinitely generate contribution points for the other party. As long as one was willing to spend money, they could increase contribution points wirelessly.

And the most terrible thing was that this game also allowed users to exchange decorations with each other. Those girls liked these pompous decorations the most, which gave those rich kids a good opportunity to please the girls!

Mark Zuckerberg originally wanted to grit his teeth and spend 99 dollars to give Fiona a Taj Mahal, but looking at the situation, Fiona was probably tired of receiving Taj Mahal today.

…

At this moment, Fiona was really tired of receiving Taj Mahal. She had more than a thousand friends, and the total number of "Taj Mahal" items given to her today had exceeded 2,000. Among them, the two people who ranked first and second on the contribution list had contributed seven to eight hundred to her.

Fiona did a rough calculation. In a day, she had received about 200,000 contribution points. Looking at it this way, her friends had spent 20,000 dollars on her today.

After calculating this amount, Fiona was very shocked, and at the same time, she felt very regretful. The company of Paradise Town did not say that they would give her a share. It seemed that these 20,000 dollars would not go into her pocket at all.

Not only would they not go into her pocket, but she would not even be able to use up so many gifts and items.

In Paradise Town, whether it was arable land or construction land, they all needed to be developed piece by piece, and developing new land required different items. She did not have much space now. It was barely enough to have two or three Taj Mahals, but she could not even fit 2,000 of them. It was too wasteful.

Just when Fiona was feeling extremely regretful about the 20,000 dollars, the system suddenly sent her a message. Fiona clicked it open, and she was so excited that she was about to go crazy.

This message was sent by the official website, and the content was: "Dear user, in view of the situation that if you give too many items, you will not be able to fully use them, so the operation team of Paradise Town has specially opened an item recycling portal for you. You can hand over your excess items to the system for recycling. After deducting a certain amount of operation and maintenance fees, the system will convert the remaining value into cash and pay you.

The proportion of operation and maintenance fees is 50%, and the proportion of your share is 50%. After the share reaches 100 dollars, you can submit a settlement application to the system. We will withhold income tax for you in accordance with federal law, and remit the after-tax funds to your designated account. If you agree to the above terms, click YES to accept it. If you disagree, please click NO. "

Fiona was so happy that she almost fainted. Today, she had received 20,000 dollars worth of items. If she handed over all these items to the system for recycling, wouldn't she get 10,000 dollars before tax?

According to the tax rate of 15%, she could earn at least 8,500 dollars!