Chapter 1249

Everyone had their own pursuits. Even a super-rich man like Li Mu, who was already worth tens of billions of dollars, had his own idols and fields of obsession. Liu Xinying's focus on charity was equivalent to Li Mu's focus on the Internet. Li Mu hoped to use his own ability to power the development of the Internet, while Liu Xinying hoped to use her connections and resources to do more good things for more people in the world who needed help.

Seeing that the two of them seemed to be talking about business, Li Tong said to them, "You guys talk first. I won't disturb you. If you're ready to order, call the waiter at any time. I'll come back to you later."

Li Mu thanked Li Tong, and Liu Xinying said to him, "Can you ask the waiter to get me a piece of chocolate first? I seem to be a little low in blood sugar."

Li Tong hurriedly said, "Do you want me to find a doctor to check on you?"

"No need."

Liu Xinying waved her hand. "It's not a big deal. I've just been too tired recently. My father's health care doctor just checked on me a few days ago and told me to rest for a few days."

Li Tong nodded. "Then I'm relieved. Your father's health care doctor is authoritative."

Then, Li Tong said to her again, "I'll go and tell the waiter now."

After Li Tong left, Liu Xinying said apologetically, "Mr. Li, I'm sorry. My body hasn't been very good recently. It's mainly because I've been tossing and turning."

Li Mu said, "I heard from Old Chen that you went to the North and South Poles and Africa?

That's a really big jump! "

"Yes."

Liu Xinying smiled and said, "Originally, I just wanted to go to the North Pole with an Icelandic animal protection organization, but I immediately fell in love with the feeling of the polar region. Then, I kept thinking about going to the South Pole in December this year. Coincidentally, my sister told me that our country's research ship to the South Pole was resupplying in Argentina at that time, so I couldn't wait and flew to Argentina to hitch a ride on the ship. However, they would be staying in the South Pole for a long time, so I flew back by myself. I had to pass by Cape Town, South Africa, so I went to South Africa on the way."

"You've conquered two polar regions in a row. You're really brave."

Although Liu Xinying said it casually, Li Mu was amazed. He had rarely traveled in both of his lives. There were many places in China that he had not been to, let alone places like the North and South Poles. In this life, he had flown to the United States twice, and both times he had been busy.

Liu Xinying laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "The North and South Poles may sound very tough, but to be honest, it's really not that big of a deal. It's just like going on a tour. The only difference is that you have to wear a little more. Taking a professional ship to the Polar Regions, the journey is unbelievably comfortable. The ship is big and stable, and the air conditioner is constant. The deck is minus ten degrees Celsius, but the room is always around 24 degrees Celsius.

With that, Liu Xinying sighed, "If I have the opportunity to climb Mount Everest in my lifetime, that would be something to be proud of."

Li Mu said, "Not to mention Mount Everest, even if it's Mount Hua, I'm afraid I won't be able to climb it if I don't take a ropeway …"

Liu Xinying smiled and said, "Climbing requires a lot of physical and mental strength. Many people climb the mountain not because they really can't climb it, but because they think they can't. In fact, more than half of the climbers on Mount Everest every year are not professional climbers. Ordinary people can climb Mount Everest as long as they go through proper training, have enough hardware support, and have a reliable guide."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I don't think I'll have the courage in this lifetime."

Liu Xinying smiled, revealing two neat rows of white teeth. She said, "Mr. Lee, let's go back to the topic just now. Did you call me this time because it has something to do with 3321?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It has nothing to do with 3321. It's a charity project I'm planning."

"Oh …" Liu Xinying couldn't hide the disappointment in her eyes. To her, 3321 was like a lighthouse on the road to her dreams.

Li Mu saw that she was a little disappointed, so he said seriously, "Actually, 3321 is a charity project that doesn't require much effort to run. If you really want to be a charity, this project isn't a good choice."

"Why?" Liu Xinying asked curiously.

Li Mu said, "3321 is actually a mature commercial system. It's not a charity system. It has a clear business position, market demand, and profit model. It's like a housekeeping agency. On one hand, it consolidates the labor force that can provide housekeeping services, and on the other hand, it seeks to expand employers that have a need for manpower. Then in the middle, it facilitates the transaction and takes a commission. It's the same as a real estate agency. It consolidates the resources and sells them to the demand side, and then takes a commission in the middle. The only difference is that 3321 gives up on profits and uses them to donate to primary and secondary school students."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "If tomorrow, a real estate company in Yanjing decides to donate all of its net profits to a charity, open its accounts, and accept public scrutiny, then it has a chance to become 3321 in the future. On the other hand, what 3321 is doing now is actually the same as the commercial expansion of the real estate industry. In the future, 3321 may go online in many countries, but the way it operates is completely commercial expansion. The only difference is that the profits aren't going into my pocket, but they're being donated."

Liu Xinying suddenly understood.

Although 3321 was very powerful, it was indeed a perfect business model. The future development of 3321 would probably be the same as the idea of the real estate agency to continuously open new storefronts in order to expand its market share. If she joined 3321, it would actually be the same as joining this business model. Maybe from her perspective, she was not doing charity, but doing business.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "And this time, the charity project that I want to ask you for help with is much more meaningful than 3321."

"Oh?" Liu Xinying hurriedly asked, "Can you give me a brief introduction?"

Li Mu nodded, but he did not directly introduce the project plan for Immortal Veterans. Instead, he asked her, "My company and Hollywood have a movie project called 'Flying Tigers.' Have you heard of this?"

"I've heard of it, and I watched the whole video of the press conference. I was very touched, and I'm looking forward to the release of this movie."

Li Mu said, "When I was working on this film project, I suddenly realized that those veterans who participated in World War II are probably already in their eighties or nineties. Even the youngest soldier is probably in his seventies now. I want to know how many of them are still alive, and I want to know how their lives are like in their later years. I want to give them some help within my ability, so that they can live a better life for the next ten thousand years …"

In the next twenty minutes or so, Li Mu introduced the overall plan of the charity project "Immortal Veterans" to Liu Xinying in great detail.

If 3321 created a brand new charity model, then "Immortal Veterans" was the second brand new charity model that Li Mu created, and this new model was far more complicated than 3321.

3321 connected the supply and demand sides of tutoring together, and created an O2O, which was a business model and platform from online to offline.

Immortal Veterans was a huge framework that attempted to pull the whole society into this charity activity. It first had to make the slogan of the charity project into a hot topic with strong social influence, and more importantly, it had to make this slogan into a trademark with commercial value, so that all businesses and enterprises would voluntarily join this project for the value of this trademark, and use its influence to make a "deal" between cash, resources, reputation, and influence with the businesses and enterprises of the whole society.

The complexity of this business framework was many levels higher than 3321, and the difficulty of operation was also much higher than 3321. 3321 was the simplest supply-demand relationship. In other words, the whole project only provided one kind of service, solved one kind of demand, and only served the users who had this kind of demand.

The responsibility and meaning behind Veteran Soldier's immortality was much deeper and heavier than 3321.

The fundamental purpose of this project to operate such a huge business framework was to mobilize the resources of the whole society to provide all-round care and care for the surviving veterans of World War II.

To let them not worry about food and clothing, to let them not worry about sickness, to let them receive the attention and respect of the whole society, to let them truly become heroes in the eyes of the whole society, to let them rest in peace after a hundred years, and at the same time leave a place for future generations to mourn and remember, and not to be buried in the wilderness …

In other words, once this project started, all the difficulties and problems of these surviving veterans in the future would become the unshirkable responsibility of this project organizer. It might be twenty years, or thirty years, but as long as this project started, it would never stop, until the last veteran of World War II passed away peacefully, this project would be permanently terminated.

When Li Mu explained the whole set of ideas to Liu Xinying, Liu Xinying only felt that her brain was in a kind of shock, and she could not extricate herself from it. Li Mu's understanding of charity made her realize what real advanced thinking and thinking were. The logic of most people who did charity was extremely simple: donate money themselves, or encourage others to donate money, and then use the money to help others.

A slightly more complicated way was to raise a large amount of money, use it to invest, and then use the investment income for charity.

What Li Mu wanted was to create a set of perfect and healthy business model. In addition to personal donations for free, he hoped that all enterprises would no longer be a single donor, but to create a complete set of commercial systems for them to contribute part of their resources and funds to this charity project. However, Li Mu would not let them donate for free. Instead, he wanted to operate a brand that had enough social influence, so that all donors could actually benefit from it. This was much more advanced than the current charity model.