Chapter 489

In the banquet hall of Ricky Hotel, nearly a hundred former Tengxun QQ employees gathered together for the first time since they were laid off.

Everyone present was shocked by the high standard of this gathering. The thing that everyone was most puzzled about was why Chen Hui wanted to make such a big scene and invite so many people to eat here.

In everyone's memory, Chen Hui was a very simple and simple single man who was very good at saving money. Before he left his job, everyone knew that he lived a very frugal life. He had a monthly salary of eight thousand yuan in Shenzhen, and the conditions of the house he rented were not even comparable to many young people who had just started working. Therefore, everyone's impression of him was very different from the environment of Ricky Hotel.

Among the large group of people who were laid off, Liu Xuebin, who had the highest position, was as surprised and curious as everyone else. When he arrived at the banquet hall and saw Chen Hui, he asked him in surprise, "Ah Hui, what's going on with this big scene today?"

Chen Hui smiled and said, "Director Liu, today's main purpose is to gather everyone together for a gathering."

Liu Xuebin moved closer to Chen Hui's ear and asked, "I heard from them that you spent public money today?

You're not doing this on a whim, are you? "

Chen Hui promised, "Of course not. Director Liu, don't worry. Let's talk while we eat later."

Liu Xuebin nodded slightly. He instinctively felt that there was something he did not know about, and it might even be related to everyone present. However, he could not figure out what exactly was going on, so he could only suppress the doubts in his heart and sit down at one of the tables.

All the former colleagues who could come today were present, and the rest were basically busy. Before the opening, Chen Hui said frankly in front of nearly a hundred former Tengxun QQ employees, "Everyone here today, including me, used to work in the same company, the same division, or even the same department. Today, I invited everyone here for a gathering. Everyone must be puzzled and curious about what I'm doing. Now, I'll be frank with everyone."

His opening remarks attracted everyone's attention.

Chen Hui was also a little nervous. Although he was already very familiar with the people in front of him, this was the first time he was the protagonist in this kind of situation. He had been forcing himself to calm down, but deep in his heart, he was still worried that he couldn't control the situation. Chen Hui tried his best to calm down and said his only purpose for this trip, "To be honest, I only have one mission for this business trip in Shenzhen, and that is to try my best to invite everyone to work in Beijing."

As soon as he said that, other than a few of his old subordinates, everyone else was shocked speechless. Those who reacted quickly were stunned for a moment and asked Chen Hui, "Chen Hui, have you entered a headhunting company now?

It can't be? "

No one would believe that a technical talent would take things too hard and become a headhunter. In their eyes, the only relationship between a technical talent and a headhunter was that when a technical talent's skills were awesome, headhunters would try their best to poach him. That was it, right?

At this time, most of the others had the same mentality. They always felt that Chen Hui's job shouldn't be to poach people. This kind of thing wasn't his specialty, and it wasn't what he claimed to be good at.

At this time, Chen Hui smiled a little embarrassedly and said, "I'm definitely not suitable to be a headhunter. To be honest, I've joined Makino Technology now. This time, I'm also representing Makino Technology to invite everyone to join Makino Technology's YY division."

The four words Makino Technology meant extremely complicated feelings to everyone present. Since the day YY was born, all the way until QQ laid off and announced that it would stop maintenance, the word that everyone heard the most every day was Makino Technology.

When they were working, everyone would study ways to deal with Makino Technology and sigh in their hearts about how unsurpassable Makino Technology was. After work, they would be asked by the people around them, for example, how much impact would Makino Technology bring to them?

Makino Technology seems to be much more awesome than you guys. How long can you guys last in front of Makino Technology?

It wasn't an exaggeration to say that these four words had been devastating to everyone present. Now, this company that had been torturing them actually wanted to recruit them. This was really a little hard to digest.

Someone raised the same opinion as Chen Hui's subordinates. They felt that Makino Technology had surpassed Teng Xun in all aspects, and there was no reason for them to poach this batch of employees who were laid off by Teng Xun. However, Chen Hui said, "Although QQ has taken the initiative to withdraw from the stage of the instant messaging system, our company's CEO still feels that everyone here is the top talent in the instant messaging field. So, after he learned about Teng Xun's layoffs, he immediately sent me to Shenzhen to invite everyone in person."

Liu Xuebin couldn't help but ask Chen Hui, "Ah Hui, does Makino Technology's YY division need so many people?

There are at least a hundred people in our division. Can Makino Technology absorb all of them? "

Chen Hui nodded. "The future development direction of Makino Technology isn't just YY. We want to create a huge and complete ecosystem around this core product. So, our company attaches great importance to the technical development team. There are currently two to three hundred technical employees in Makino Technology's development center, but everyone has their own tasks. In the future, we will have multiple parallel development teams and even business divisions to specifically develop new products around YY. So, if everyone is willing to join Makino Technology, most of you here will be merged into the YY division first. Then, a group of the current YY division's employees will be released to support other project teams or divisions."

After Chen Hui said this, everyone understood in their hearts that Makino Technology was playing big. It had so many products now, and anyone with a discerning eye could see that it was aiming for a product cluster. It was understandable that there was a huge demand for technical talents.

After Chen Hui explained this, everyone's concern naturally shifted to the treatment. Now, most people were not having a good time. Most people couldn't find a job. Everyone could ignore the distance between Shenzhen and Yanjing, but they had to be concerned about what kind of treatment they would receive if they chose to go north.

So, Chen Hui invited Zhang Xiaodi out in a grand manner.

In order not to interfere with Chen Hui's opening, Zhang Xiaodi did not show up. After Chen Hui summoned her, she came out to introduce herself to everyone. Then, she told everyone about the basic promises of Makino Technology, as well as the concept of reimbursement for plane tickets and relocation allowance that she came up with.

It had to be said that Zhang Xiaodi was very eloquent, and she was beautiful, so it was easy to move the other party when she talked about things. There were even some impatient people who expressed their willingness to join Makino Technology on the spot. However, while the others were tempted, they also knew that Xinlang was also trying to poach this team. Like Makino Technology, Xinlang's headquarters was also in Yanjing. Therefore, the real idea in many people's hearts was to wait for Xinlang to raise the price before making a comparison. Anyway, there was no development in Shenzhen, so they could choose between Makino Technology and Xinlang and fight for their lives in Yanjing.

Just when everyone had their own opinions, Liu Xuebin said in a more objective manner, "A Hui, Makino Technology is able to look up to us losers. On behalf of everyone, I would like to thank your boss. But to be honest, personally, although I admit that Makino Technology is strong, I don't have a good impression of Makino Technology from the bottom of my heart. After all, they were the ones who personally ended our product. To be honest, if I were given two paths, one is to join Makino Technology, the other is to go to another company and give me another chance to defeat Makino Technology, I would prefer the latter."

Many people agreed with Liu Xuebin's words. In fact, everyone was in the field of technology and products. Everyone had a sense of pride in their hearts. If they really went to Makino Technology just like that, they would probably not feel good in their hearts.

Chen Hui also understood this mentality. If it wasn't for the fact that Zhang Yao was about to join Makino Technology, Makino Technology would probably be the company he would not want to go to the most in Beijing.

Zhang Xiaodi saw everyone's reaction. She knew very well in her heart that these people had not been forced into a dead end. Or rather, these people suddenly had two companies chasing after them. They had gone from despair to being a little picky. If it wasn't for Xin Lang's interference, she reckoned that she could have taken down eighty out of a hundred people on the spot after she finished talking about the salary and benefits.

After Zhang Xiaodi understood the mentality of these people, she realized that the request that Li Mu had given her before she left would probably be very difficult to fulfill. These people would definitely wait for Xin Lang to give an offer before combining the situation of Makino Technology and Xin Lang to choose the best one. Moreover, from what they said, if the two conditions were similar, they would definitely lean towards Xin Lang and not Makino Technology.

Liu Xuebin saw that Chen Hui's expression was a little conflicted, so he said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Chen Hui. I might not be able to give you an answer immediately today. How about this? Wait for me to go to Beijing and talk to Xin Lang before making a decision."

The others also expressed that they hoped to get Xin Lang's offer first before making a final decision.

Zhang Xiaodi thought of what Li Mu had said before. He was willing to give a maximum premium of 50%, but she could not say this out loud. This was because she felt that when Li Mu said this, he was only thinking about competing with Xin Lang and getting this team into his hands. However, he did not consider how much of an impact it would have on the old employees of Makino Technology after these people joined Makino Technology if the deal was really closed at a 50% premium. The competitors who had been defeated by her could actually get a premium of 50% more than the original salary to join the company. This was a huge blow to the old employees and the company's team.