Chapter 45

In the barbershop, Zhang Kexuan looked at himself in the mirror with a face full of disbelief.

The hairdresser was also a little dumbfounded. Although this awesome hairstyle was personally made by him, he still felt incredible.

Li Mu stood aside with his arms crossed and asked Chen Wan, "Sister Wan, what do you think?"

"Li Mu, you are amazing …" Chen Wan didn't know what to say because Zhang Kexuan in the mirror seemed to be a different person. He was better looking, more energetic, and cleaner than before. In short, he had improved by leaps and bounds.

Li Mu nodded and sighed in his heart. Originally, he only wanted to give him a shiny hairstyle like Chen Weiting's. He didn't expect this guy to be really handsome after doing it.

This was the charm of the times. A hairstyle more than ten years later was enough to make so many people stunned today.

Ye Tianming, who was originally watching the fun, suddenly sat on the seat next to Zhang Kexuan. He pointed to his head and said, "Excuse me, give me the same hairstyle."

"Don't."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Before a band succeeds, it can only stand out one core member. If all of them are outstanding, it is equivalent to having no outstanding points."

Performing groups were not like the later popular singing and dancing groups in South Korea. When people looked at bands, they always valued the lead singer and ignored the others. Therefore, the value of many bands' lead singers was higher than the other members combined. For example, Ah Xin of the Faith Band, Ah Xin of the Mayday Band, Wu Qingfeng of the Soda Green Band, Big Zhang Wei of the Flowers Band …

There were too many similar examples. This was determined by the nature of the audience, and Li Mu couldn't influence it.

Zhang Kexuan was also very satisfied with his new hairstyle. Now looking at himself in the mirror, he was basically at the level of a first-class handsome guy.

Zhang Kexuan was very happy in his heart, but he still sighed, "Ah, I can't play rock in the future."

Li Mu said contemptuously, "Remember, simply put, the style in the future is pop music. Only in this way can you be popular. Of course, you can't throw rock away. You have to talk about rock every day and do pop music under the banner of rock."

"Isn't this selling dog meat under a sheep's head?"

"If you want to be famous, then don't talk so much nonsense, okay?"

Zhang Kexuan laughed awkwardly and looked at the time. "It's only 6: 30 pm. The name has been changed and the tuning is done. Now that my long hair has been cut, let's go get something to eat."

Li Mu nodded. He suddenly thought of something and asked Zhang Kexuan, "Do you know the photographer?"

"Taking pictures?"

"Yes, but the equipment and standards are higher."

Ye Tianming hurriedly said, "I know one. He owns a photography studio. He learned photography in Yanjing."

“OK。”

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Ask him to come here. Ask him to take a close-up photo of you after you go on the stage tonight."

The few of them were stunned. "We're just attending a pizza party. Do we really need to hire a photographer?"

"As such."

Li Mu glanced at Zhang Kexuan. If the photographer used the shutter and software to make this guy more handsome, and spent some money on a few online media to do a PR news, or a small advertisement before the TV production and broadcast, many girls would pay attention to it, right?

Ye Tianming didn't know what Li Mu was thinking, but he still took out his mobile phone and made a call.

The other party seemed to be very polite. As soon as he heard that Ye Tianming was going to participate in the competition, he immediately said that he would bring the best equipment.

Li Mu finally felt relieved. Now that the video website had not started, the four of them could only rely on the TV media to become famous in the early stage. However, Li Mu believed in Li Bai, and believed in Zhang Kexuan's image and singing skills. This time, they would definitely be amazing.

…

At eight o 'clock in the evening, the Nansu Province preliminary of the Ice Pioneer National Band Competition officially kicked off. The students of Jin Ling University were very interested in this competition. At 7: 30, the stadium was already full. At the back of the stadium, there were many people standing and watching. It was estimated that there were at least two or three thousand people.

Li Mu and Chen Wan were lucky enough to grab a place near the front. As for the four guys of Simple Plan, they were now nervously preparing backstage.

A female host of Jin Ling local station was the host of the provincial competition. At eight o 'clock, she announced the official start of the national band competition on time and introduced the five judges. Except for one person from a record company in Yanjing, the other four were professors from Jin Ling Academy of Arts.

Li Mu did not have much hope for this kind of competition. Whether it was an underground band or a college band, there was no lack of lead singers with good voices. However, in a band, there was a lack of balanced musicians, high quality equipment, excellent original songs, and so on.

After the competition began, as Li Mu expected, most of the bands were very bad. Every band had their own shortcomings. Occasionally, there were one or two that were barely passable, but if they really wanted to become famous, their level was still far from being good.

The judges were also very unified in their scoring system. Out of the five judges, the highest and the lowest, the remaining score was the total score. In other words, the full score should be 30 points. However, after singing for seven bands in a row, the highest score was only 19 points, which was really miserable.

When it came to the eighth band, nearly two hours had passed. Most of the bands' performances were dull, and the college students in the audience basically did not even have the enthusiasm to applaud. Li Mu heard a girl next to him complain to her friend, "If it wasn't for our school's Peony Pavilion Band, I would have left a long time ago."

Another girl nodded. "Yeah, what are they singing? It's terrible."

The eighth band also finished singing, and the applause was pitiful. When the lead singer bowed, he even had tears in his eyes.

The emcee went on stage again. "Alright, let's invite our judges and teachers to give their scores to Oxygen Deprivation Band."

After a while, the judges raised their scoreboards.

"Alright, taking away the highest score of 5 points and the lowest score of 2 points, Oxygen Deprivation Band's final score is: 11 points!"

The judges' evaluation was also very consistent. "The original song is not good enough, and the lead singer's voice is not good enough."

"Next, let's welcome tonight's ninth band: Simple Plan Band. Their original song is' Li Bai '."

"Coming, coming!" Chen Wan was as excited as a child, tugging at Li Mu's T-shirt with both hands.

At this time, the other three members of the band went on stage with their instruments.

Li Mu arranged a way for them to stand. The stage was divided horizontally into three parts. The drum set was in the middle of the last part of the stage. The bassist and the other guitarist were on both sides of the middle part of the stage. The last part of the stage, the center of the front row, was reserved for Zhang Kexuan.

The three members were already in position. The guitarist and bassist had also plugged in their instruments. At this time, Zhang Kexuan carried the electric guitar on his back and walked out of the backstage with arrogant steps.

This was called eye-catching.

If the four of them came out together, the audience would first look at all four of them and then say, "Wow, look, that guy over there is so handsome."

But if the three supporting members were in position and stood still, then Zhang Kexuan came out, the audience would directly say, "Wow, that guy is so handsome."

Indeed!

The girls around Zhang Kexuan were all shocked. Many of them involuntarily screamed, and the screams continued for a long time. This kind of treatment instantly pulled apart the other bands.

Zhang Kexuan stood in front of the microphone and said in a low voice, "Hello everyone, we are the Simple Plan Band."

Originally, Zhang Kexuan was quite nervous, but after listening to eight rubbish songs backstage, he was basically not nervous anymore, because he was full of confidence in the song "Li Bai". Now that so many girls screamed for him as soon as he went on stage, he was even more confident.

This was the simplest way of announcing, and it was also Li Mu's idea. Many of the words had already been said by the host. At this time, as soon as they went on stage, they tried to cut the nonsense and go straight to the point.

Sure enough, Zhang Kexuan looked back and gave the other three members of the band a look. Then, Ye Tianming hit the drumsticks four times and set a rhythm. Then, the song "Li Bai" was released in front of the camera for the first time.

Just the light and casual prelude of "Li Bai" had already made people's eyes light up. When Zhang Kexuan sang the first sentence, not only the audience screamed and cheered, even the dispirited judges became energetic.

Li Mu once asked Zhang Kexuan to grasp the feelings and feelings when he sang. He needed Zhang Kexuan to express that kind of light, casual and cynical attitude in his voice and emotions. It had to be said that Zhang Kexuan performed very well today.

When Zhang Kexuan sang, Li Mu looked around and found that almost everyone was following the rhythm, which was enough to prove that this song was very successful in the live atmosphere.