Chapter 1356

When the members of the CSC Club heard that they were going to donate, they were all excited as if they had made a fortune.

After being inspired by Li Mu and donating 80 million for the Immortal Veterans, once Li Mu made it public, it immediately caused a huge reaction in society, bringing these rich second generations unprecedented and strong social recognition. For them, the money donated was nothing more than pocket money.

For the hundreds of members of the CSC Club, their net worth was basically tens of millions, and each of them donating tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands was like a game to them. Among them, there was a small group of top rich second generations who casually went to high-class entertainment venues, and the bill started at hundreds of thousands. For these people, the donations started at half a million.

Therefore, in just two days, the CSC Club donated another 50 million, which shocked even Li Mu.

From this, it could be seen how powerful this club was. A simple charity donation could easily reach tens of millions. If they really wanted to set up a private equity fund that specialized in investment, it would not be a problem to raise a few billion yuan in two days.

Cai Zhengmao kept sighing and said, "If I knew that these ancestors didn't care about money, we might as well just set the membership fee a little higher. Don't convert the membership fee into consumption, just the pure membership fee. It would be too easy to earn tens of millions a year from their membership fee …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I told my employees one thing. If you were there that day, you wouldn't have said this."

Cai Zhengmao asked curiously, "Li Zong, what did you say to your employees?"

Li Mu said, "I told them to give up small profits and chase big profits. For the CSC Club, membership fee is actually a small profit, and the big profit is to continuously increase their brand influence, thus becoming the partner of all kinds of high-end consumer companies. Think about it, just how much profit is your car selling business? It's only a third of the year, and you've already sold one to two hundred cars. By the end of the year, it's estimated that it will exceed 500 taels. That's at least 80 to 90 million, or even more than 100 million, and that doesn't include their follow-up maintenance fees. Our maintenance center is already too busy, right?"

Cai Zhengmao nodded. "Right now, the business of the sports car maintenance center is very good. Currently, all the sports car modifications, upgrades, maintenance, and repairs in Yanjing and the surrounding cities are basically in our hands."

Li Mu asked again, "How's the cooperation with Maserati?"

Cai Zhengmao said, "Maserati is considering it. They are still quite interested in us, but they want to see our more detailed plans. I saw that you were so busy recently, so I didn't tell you."

Li Mu said, "Right now, we definitely don't have time to do a plan for them, but tell them that the CSC Club can plan a high-end test drive salon for them. It'll be held at our racetrack. I guarantee that at least two hundred CSC Club members will be there, so they can weigh the weight of this for themselves."

For Maserati, Li Mu didn't need to bring out the godly joke of Song Siming praising the Land Rover in Dwelling Narrowness. He just needed to organize a random drive event for high-end sports car owners. This was because if Maserati wanted to enter the Hua Xia market, the most important thing was to open up high-end consumer groups. Li Mu could summon hundreds of actual owners of sports cars worth millions of dollars in one go. They were all the mainstays of the high-end consumer market, and this was a resource that no 4A advertising agency could have.

The more high-end a player was, the more they disdained to participate in marketing events, unless it was a marketing event organized by an extremely prestigious brand. If Rolls-Royce organized a Rolls-Royce test drive or high-end salon in China, high-end players would definitely be very interested. However, Maserati didn't have any reputation in China, and the high-end players in China would definitely look down on it.

If an ordinary 4A company were to organize a test drive for a Maserati, then more than half of the customers would be ordinary white-collar customers. It would already be amazing if there were a few or a dozen million dollar car owners. Compared to the CSC Club, it was trash.

Cai Zhengmao understood what Li Mu meant. He nodded and said, "Then I'll have a good talk with Maserati. Two hundred CSC Club owners, this lineup is still very valuable. Maserati wouldn't be able to gather so many high-end car owners even if they worked themselves to death."

Li Mu said, "Talk to them clearly. Not only do we want to cooperate with them in marketing and take their marketing budget, but we also want to get their dealership. Even if we don't have a nationwide dealership, we can at least give them the general dealership in Hua Xia. You've been in the car business for so long, and you can get cars from all over the world into China. From customs clearance to licensing, you can take care of all the follow-up. It shouldn't be a problem to run one or a few 4S stores, right?"

Cai Zhengmao said with certainty, "That's definitely not a problem."

"Then we'll recommend along this line."

Li Mu said calmly, "With Maserati as the starting point, it's possible that most luxury car brands will have in-depth cooperation with us in the future. This part of the profits will be more than enough to support the club and the team."

…

The charity gala against SARS organized by Mother Yang was tentatively scheduled to be held in Yanjing in late April.

From the introduction of the process sent by Mother Yang's contact person, the lineup of this charity gala was really big.

Half of the charity gala was song performances, so there were more than a dozen A-list singers and movie stars who were invited to the gala. It was said that several celebrities from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and the mainland were also invited. Even Du Wei was invited. She would sing the song Li Mu gave her, "Hidden Fragrance."

In addition, Mo Wenwei, who had been promoted from a quasi-A-list singer to a super-A-list singer by Li Mu, also accepted the invitation of Mother Yang. What surprised Li Mu was that she actually chose to sing Mu Zi's "When You're Old."

It had been a long time since Li Mu released a song using the online username "Mu Zi," but the songs he released using Mu Zi were still liked by many listeners.

In addition to the performances of celebrities, there were also representatives of the social elite to give a speech on the stage. Li Mu and some well-known entrepreneurs were arranged to be in this segment. Mother Yang's requirement was that everyone go on the stage to give a speech of no more than 500 words. The speech was organized by the spokesperson, but the core of the speech was to encourage the people of the country to unite and work together to fight against SARS.

Li Mu accepted it gladly. This kind of thing was not just a formality. At present, the people were overly afraid of SARS. If it continued, it would drag down the normal rhythm of the society. Therefore, it was necessary to call on them to participate in the wave of national resistance against SARS. This would not only help to contain SARS, but also improve the cohesion of the people.

In addition, there was a donation announcement segment. Every company that was willing to donate to the fight against SARS could report the amount of the donation and the designated purpose in advance. At that time, Mother Yang would focus on exposing the company during the broadcast. It could be considered as using her own resources in exchange for the entrepreneurs' donation.

Li Mu had already reported the details of the donation. This time, his mother had given him several uses for the donation. One was to strengthen the prevention and control of SARS, another was to provide additional social care for SARS patients, and the last was to donate it to the white angels fighting against SARS. The donor could freely designate the use of the donation according to his or her own thoughts.

Li Mu divided the thirty million from the three companies. 60% of each ten million would be used for the prevention and control of SARS, 20% for the patients, and 20% for the white angels.

As for the more than fifty million donation from the CSC Club, Li Mu reported it to Mother Yang in the hope that he could set up a charity fund with Mother Yang. All the more than fifty million would be used for the white angels and their families.

Mother Yang was stunned by Li Mu. Li Mu just moved his lips, and he donated more than eighty million. It was close to a hundred million …

Li Mu did not think that it was a lot of money. The reason why he did not donate more was that the SARS epidemic was different from the Veterans' Don't Die charity project. SARS itself was borne by the national team with all their might. The country's demand for private entrepreneurs was that they were elites who could help stabilize society and rebuild confidence. Their second priority was for them to set an example with their donations. Therefore, Li Mu felt that this amount of donation was more appropriate. Any more and it would be a distraction.

However, what Li Mu did not expect was that Mother Yang actually made a presumptuous request. They hoped that Li Mu could make a guest appearance and perform a song. After all, he was recognized by the world's media as a youth leader. He was a role model for countless young people. If he could sing a song on stage, it would definitely have a very good effect on easing the mood of the people.

Li Mu wanted to decline, but after thinking about it carefully, if he could sing a song at this time to motivate the young people in the country, why not?

Therefore, Li Mu verbally agreed to Mother Yang's invitation. At the same time, he asked Mother Yang's opinion on what song he should sing.

Mother Yang also gave Li Mu enough respect. They did not interfere with Li Mu's choice of song. They only had one request, which was to try to sing an inspirational song. If he really did not want to sing an inspirational song, he could just sing an emotional song.

The songs that Li Mu listened to were mostly European and American songs, or songs that were popular in China after 2005. This time, he did not plan to bring out any original songs for the charity party. It would be best if he could sing an inspirational song that everyone was familiar with. This way, he could avoid exposing his identity as "Mu Zi."

During dinner, Li Mu told his parents about it. Then, both of them started to give Li Mu ideas.

Papa Lee said, "Son, why don't you just sing Zheng Zhihua's' Sailor. 'That song is so inspirational!"

Li Ma said, "'Sailor' is not suitable. That song is too tough. It was more suitable to sing during the flood in 1998. SARS is not suitable. It's better not to sing a song that is too tough. It should be gentle with toughness."

Papa Lee said, "Then sing 'My Future Is Not a Dream.' I quite like this song."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "Dad, this is for me to motivate myself. It's not suitable. Besides, I can't sing this song. Can you think of a song that has a wider coverage?"

Papa Lee said, "It needs to be gentle with toughness, and it has a wider coverage. I really can't think of anything in such a short time …"

Li Ma said, "Why don't you sing 'The Sun Always Shines After the Storm'?"

Papa Lee nodded. "Not bad, not bad. This song is not bad. The lyrics are also suitable for the theme of the party. It encourages everyone to face the storm bravely, because there will be sunshine after the rain."