Chapter 1772

Lu Yunhao did not have any substantial entrepreneurial experience.

All his understanding and understanding of entrepreneurship came from his own wishful thinking and passion.

He didn't understand products, technology, operations, or capital. He was like a person who didn't know how to carry a gun to fight, or even how to pull the trigger. Every day, he imagined himself courageously killing enemies on the battlefield and making contributions. His dreams were great, but the reality was extremely harsh.

To put it nicely, such a person was a little romantic. To put it bluntly, he was f * cking out of tune.

For example, when others were doing things pragmatically, he insisted on talking about satellites. He always felt that if there were enough satellites, he would definitely succeed.

But later, his repeated entrepreneurial failures proved to the world that entrepreneurship relied on doing things, not fantasizing and talking big.

It was precisely because of his lack of experience and methods that Lu Yunhao, who came from an unorthodox background, asked for financing in front of Fang Ping that Fang Ping had never seen or heard of before.

Sell 80% of the shares in exchange for more angel investments.

In entrepreneurial projects, the founder quickly selling a large number of shares was a minefield that must not be touched. This had been proven through many bloody cases, and it had also become one of the most important issues for entrepreneurs around the world.

But Lu Yunhao did the opposite.

He directly gave 80% of the shares and reduced his own shares to an extremely dangerous level. This was simply a taboo in entrepreneurship.

But Lu Yunhao did not care at all. For him, to have a meal, he did not need to be full, but he must eat well, eat with grandeur, and eat with dignity.

Therefore, he was willing to give up a large number of shares, but the premise was that the project must be extravagant. It was not a big problem to give up more shares, but the key was that the start-up funds must be enough. Only with enough money could they make a big scene and make a big movement.

Fang Ping and the Wall Street tycoons behind him did not think about taking so many original shares from this project.

In the eyes of those who did not understand, they might think that the more shares they held, the better it would be. However, Fang Ping knew very well that when investors held shares, it did not mean that the more shares they held, the less responsibility they would have to bear.

The ultimate goal of an investor was not to work hard and make money, but to let others work hard and make money for him.

It was like opening a coal mine. If you owned 80% of the shares, you would be the owner of the coal mine and not the investor. You would have to personally take care of all the affairs of the coal mine. It was impossible for you to be the owner of the coal mine.

If you owned 30% of the shares, and there was a major shareholder who owned 70% of the shares, you really did not need to care about anything. You could just give the money and go back and wait for the dividends.

There were a total of a hundred people in the investment organization, and there might be thousands of projects in their hands. Not to mention managing all these projects, it would be a headache for them to manage just one project. The investment organization itself was not made of investment.

They were like real estate speculators who wandered around the world. They only wanted to do the business of buying and selling. As for the tedious process of buying land, building and selling, they did not want to participate at all, and they were unable to participate.

Therefore, Fang Ping suddenly had some indecision. Is investing in Lu Yunhao a right thing to do?

However, it was now early in the morning in the UA, and the Wall Street tycoons had not gotten up yet. Therefore, Fang Ping could not immediately report to Wall Street, so he first chatted with Lu Yunhao for the whole afternoon.

In the evening, Fang Ping personally hosted Lu Yunhao for dinner.

At the dinner table, Lu Yunhao kept asking Fang Ping about his investment intention, but Fang Ping did not give him a clear answer. He just said that he needed to communicate with the UA headquarters first, and then inform him of the decision.

As for how long it would take, Fang Ping also could not give a clear answer.

The normal process was to first bring the investment project to the internal investment management of the investment company for a meeting. After the meeting, if the investment intention was confirmed, then the specific terms and conditions would be discussed with the investor, and the funds would only be transferred after all the procedures were completed.

Therefore, it would take at least a week.

If it was slow, it might not even be settled in two to three months.

Lu Yunhao was in a difficult position.

He did not know if he should return to Yanjing to continue working, or wait for IDG's news in Shanghai.

If he went back without a clear result, he would be somewhat unwilling. After all, he had long been prepared to be a carp that jumped over the dragon's gate. Whether he could jump over the dragon's gate was still unknown, but he was naturally unwilling to return to that fish pond again.

However, if he continued to wait here, it would indeed be difficult to get a clear answer in a short period of time. If he waited for a long time, he would be even more anxious if he had nothing to do.

At this time, Fang Ping gave him a suggestion. It just so happened that tomorrow was Friday. Even if Lu Yunhao went back, he was afraid that he would miss a day of work. Therefore, instead of doing that, it was better to stay in Shanghai for a few days and go back on Sunday.

After thinking about it, Lu Yunhao still agreed. There was no point in going back tomorrow, so he might as well wait until Sunday.

After dinner, Fang Ping arranged for Lu Yunhao to go back to the hotel to rest, while he himself returned to the office to prepare for a video conference with the higher-ups in America to report on the situation and progress here.

It just so happened that it was already morning in America. For the capitalists, it was the golden time for the day's work.

In the video conference, Fang Ping told the group of big shots in detail about the conversation with Lu Yunhao today.

After learning about Lu Yunhao's attitude and thoughts, many of the big shots on Wall Street could not help but shake their heads. Someone said, "This Lu Yunhao does not seem to understand the operation of a company at all. Everything is based on his imagination. Giving him twenty million US dollars may not really be able to do anything."

"Yes." Someone echoed, "Which founder gives 80% of the capital in the angel round?

With this kind of play, he will be out after two rounds of financing!

Who would take the initiative to ask for such investment conditions? "

"In my opinion, this guy is simply a joke!

Expecting such a person who does not understand capital to go against Li Mu is simply a fool's dream! "

A group of Wall Street bigwigs spoke one after another, criticizing Lu Yunhao until nothing was right.

But at this moment, IDG Capital's CEO Kurt suddenly said, "Everyone, we all think that this Lu Yunhao is a layman in the capital circle, but have you ever thought that Li Mu is actually a layman too?"

This sentence made everyone in the meeting fall into silence.

CEO Kurt continued, "If Li Mu is really a person who is proficient in capital, he would have become one with us a long time ago. He can help us make money, and we can help him maximize his market value and help him cash out as much as possible. When he has enough cash in his hands, he should transform into a Wall Street capitalist, not just an entrepreneur in the Internet field. This way, not only can he continue to dominate the actual business, but he can also continue to accumulate capital in the capital circle and eventually develop into a top capitalist. But what did he do in the end?

He actually treated us as enemies and wanted to stand against us. Isn't such a person a layman in the capital circle? "

After hearing this, everyone nodded.

Indeed, Li Mu was not made to be a capitalist at all. But even so, he still made Makino Technology and Taobao Technology what they were now.

This proved that a person who did things seriously did not need to be proficient in capital operation to do things well.

Kurt continued, "I think that although this Lu Yunhao does not understand capital, he at least can see the situation clearly and has a certain amount of influence. Since we can't find a more suitable person in a short time, we might as well let him try. The urgent task now is to take action as soon as possible before Li Mu spreads his hunger in the entire Hua Xia area.

Otherwise, if such a good opportunity is missed, I'm afraid no one will be able to succeed in this matter! "

This sentence woke everyone up from their dreams.

Only then did everyone realize that the key now was not to pick on Lu Yunhao's shortcomings, but to let Lu Yunhao run the business as soon as possible and occupy a pit where Li Mu had yet to touch.

Giving Lu Yunhao twenty million US dollars was not a problem for these Wall Street bigwigs. The reason why they were hesitant was because their thinking model had always been loyal to interests. They were worried that the twenty million US dollars would end up being thrown to the ground by a madman.

However, now it seemed that the most suitable candidate at the moment was Lu Yunhao. The time was tight, and there was no time for them to think about it any further.

Therefore, everyone hurriedly adjusted their thinking and began to officially start the follow-up investment plan based on Lu Yunhao's situation.

Everyone quickly made a decision to invest twenty million US dollars in Lu Yunhao as an angel investment, accounting for 80% of the shares, so that Lu Yunhao could start the first phase of the work as soon as possible.

If Lu Yunhao did well in the first phase, everyone would continue to invest in Lu Yunhao's Series A in the second phase. At the same time, as a reward, Lu Yunhao's 20% of the shares could not be diluted. If Lu Yunhao's performance could still satisfy the shareholders, then his shares could be retained until the Series B financing.

The reason why they took the initiative to give Lu Yunhao benefits was to ensure that this guy had enough shares in his hands. Otherwise, after a few rounds, if this guy's shares were only in the single digits, it was very likely that he would quit at any time.

The specific investment of this twenty million US dollars would be led by IDG to invest 50%, and the remaining 50% would be invested by the other five Wall Street investment institutions at a ratio of 10% each. In the following Series A, Series B, and Series C, these six investment institutions would continue to invest according to the ratio of 5: 1: 1: 1: 1.

These Wall Street bigwigs envisioned two ideal final results:

The first, the cumulative investment did not exceed three hundred million US dollars, and then sell it at a price of no less than three billion US dollars. As for whether it was sold to Makino Technology or other companies, it did not matter. The highest bidder would get it;

The second, the cumulative investment did not exceed five hundred million US dollars, and then be listed on the US stock market with a market value of no less than five billion US dollars. They would raise a huge sum of one billion US dollars from the US secondary market, and continue to fight to the death with Li Mu.