Chapter 680

In the cinema, the senseless scenes were still flashing on the screen. Li Mu held Su Yingxue's hand and tilted his body toward her as much as possible, just so that she could rest more comfortably.

At this moment, Su Yingxue leaned on Li Mu's shoulder. She was so at ease that she didn't even want to watch the movie anymore.

After coming out of the cinema, neither of them figured out what the movie was about, but they both felt that the trip was worthwhile, and they didn't feel bored at all.

Li Mu held Su Yingxue's hand and went to the parking lot. After getting in the car, the first thing he said was, "Why don't you come to my place tonight?"

Su Yingxue didn't hesitate and nodded gently.

Su Yingxue didn't have any psychological burden in her heart. Anyway, her aunt didn't really care about her anymore. Moreover, she had been busy helping her sister prepare for the college entrance examination these days. What she missed the most was the feeling of being hugged by Li Mu to sleep.

In Yucheng Garden, the two of them lay on the bed after taking a shower. Su Yingxue, who was wearing a white camisole and no underwear, lay in Li Mu's arms. Li Mu held her with one hand, around her neck, into her collar, and played with the two smooth white rabbits back and forth. His body was already unbearably hot.

After being baptized by Zhao Ziqiu in this life, Li Mu had a much higher standard for women. But no matter how high it was, Su Yingxue had a special attraction to him. With such intimate contact, Li Mu couldn't help but let his imagination run wild. Sometimes he lowered his head and glanced at the extremely obedient girl in his arms. An idea sprouted in Li Mu's mind. No matter what, he might as well make love with Su Yingxue first. Such a woman who had been in his dreams for two lifetimes was lying in his arms at this moment. The feeling of not being able to have sex with her was too painful.

No, why couldn't he have sex with her?

Why couldn't he have sex with his girlfriend?

Once his heart was moved, it became even more difficult to control his actions.

Li Mu couldn't help but hug her even tighter. He kissed her lips, constantly attracting her to cater to him while moving his other hand to a more private part.

Su Yingxue's breathing quickened from Li Mu's teasing. As she panted, she responded to Li Mu's passionate kiss. However, she suddenly felt that Li Mu's big hand was up to no good. She subconsciously clamped her legs together so that Li Mu couldn't find any loopholes. Li Mu tried several times, but to no avail. He couldn't help but feel a little anxious. He whispered into Su Yingxue's ear, "Your relatives aren't here. Why don't you give it to me tonight …"

Su Yingxue blushed all the way to her neck. She asked him in a pleading tone, "Does it have to be today?"

Li Mu said, "There's no time like the present; today is the most suitable day."

Su Yingxue lowered her eyelids and said, "I might not be ready yet …"

Li Mu couldn't help but say anxiously, "We've known each other for so long, and we've been together for so long. You're not ready yet?"

Su Yingxue's face was full of guilt and honesty. She said, "Recently, I often think about you. Whenever I think about it, I feel very uncomfortable and even a little breathless. Only when I'm with you can I feel more relaxed. So, every time I think about you these days, I hope that you can hug me like just now so that I can sleep soundly in your arms …"

When Li Mu heard this, his eyelids unconsciously blinked. He immediately lost the idea of continuing to fight. If Su Yingxue was still traumatized because of that incident, then this really wasn't the right time. No matter what, he shouldn't add to her psychological burden at this time.

Thus, Li Mu gave up once again.

Su Yingxue heaved a sigh of relief, but she was also full of guilt as she kissed Li Mu's cheek. She said in a low voice, "Don't be angry. What's yours will be yours sooner or later, and it will always be yours."

Li Mu asked her, "Then, when will she truly be mine?"

Su Yingxue leaned back into Li Mu's arms again and said, "When she's in a better state, you can do whatever you want."

In fact, since the last incident, when Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu was the founder of Makino Technology, she often fell into confusion about the relationship between them. No matter what kind of fantasies she had about the future, she had never thought that one day, Li Mu would become a billionaire. This made her feel a certain distance from Li Mu because of the huge gap in their identities. However, paradoxically, Su Yingxue's emotional dependence on Li Mu had become more and more heavy. It seemed that the strong woman who broke into Wall Street alone in her previous life had gone in another direction because of Li Mu in this life.

Sometimes, Li Mu's great achievements would make her feel uneasy; sometimes, they would make her feel happy from the bottom of her heart. Su Yingxue didn't think that she was a person who loved money, but Li Mu's remarkable achievements also made her feel gratified and lucky for her vision.

Before that, Su Yingxue had realized that she shouldn't keep her chastity to Li Mu. At some point, she had also made up her mind that if Li Mu wanted it, she would simply give it to him. However, at that time, Li Mu seemed to have lost interest in her and almost never mentioned it again. Now, after she knew Li Mu's identity and strength, she dared not give herself to him immediately, because she was worried that Li Mu would think that she finally decided to give herself to him after knowing that he was a billionaire.

In short, no matter how she looked at it, today didn't seem to be the right time. Fortunately, Li Mu didn't insist, and he didn't think too much about it …

Su Yingxue lay in Li Mu's arms and slept soundly, but Li Mu closed his eyes and let his imagination run wild in the bed. He wasn't a gentleman who could sit still. After the desire surged up, it was like a flood of fierce beasts from upstream, and he could only resist it with his body and weak willpower, which made Li Mu feel tormented. On the other hand, Li Mu also understood and empathized with Su Yingxue's current psychological situation. After thinking about it carefully, he really didn't consider it when he made such a request in this situation, and he didn't really think about it for her.

At times like this, Li Mu missed Zhao Ziqiu the most.

Although Li Mu felt that when he thought of Zhao Ziqiu at times like this, he couldn't help but feel a strong sense of guilt towards her and Su Yingxue. However, he had to admit that as a man, Zhao Ziqiu used her initiative and passion to give him the greatest sense of accomplishment. Su Yingxue was like a frozen lake in winter. He might feel bone-chilling cold when he jumped in, but he might also find a different kind of pleasure in the cold, which would always arouse his desire to jump in and challenge himself. On the other hand, Zhao Ziqiu was like a hot spring with wisps of white smoke rising from the snow in winter. Other than jumping in without hesitation, Li Mu had no other thoughts.

…

For Wang Xinran, ever since her future brother-in-law, Li Mu, helped her solve the problem of her score being changed in the art examination, her whole life had become much brighter.

First, her dream of entering the Film Academy was already set in stone. Because she was one of the top performers in the art examination, she didn't have to worry about her cultural scores not reaching the standard for the college entrance examination. The reason why she asked her cousin to tutor her for so long was that she wanted to be the first in the cultural course of the Yan Jing Film Academy's Performing Arts Department this year.

Then, in addition to the matter of going to school, Li Mu also created an opportunity for her to act in a movie. Moreover, she jumped from a super newcomer with no acting experience to a supporting actress in a blockbuster movie. Although she didn't have many scenes, it was definitely a big leap.

Wang Xinran originally thought that these two great things brought to her by her brother-in-law were more than what she could ask for. However, she didn't expect that on the second day after the college entrance examination, her parents specially took her out, saying that they wanted to give her a surprise. Then, she was driven by her father to Hua Fu Mansion near the Yan Jing Film Academy.

Hua Fu Mansion was a high-end residential area that Wang Xinran had heard of more than once. Many of her classmates in the performing arts tuition class had talked about this residential area. Not only was this residential area upscale, but it also had a quiet environment. It was a rare high-end residential area in Yan Jing City. Many students in the performing arts class dreamed of being admitted to the Yan Jing Film Academy, and then their families would be able to buy a house in Hua Fu Mansion. If that was the case, it would be perfect for these Yan Jing local students.

Although Wang Xinran also liked this residential area, she never expected that her family would be able to buy a house here. Fortunately, her home was not very far from the Film Academy, and it was about an hour's drive by bus, so it wasn't too hard for her to be a day student.

However, Wang Xinran was also speculating about her parents' intentions in bringing her here. If her parents couldn't afford a house here, then there was no reason for them to bring her here, and they even said that they wanted to give her a surprise. Could it be … Could it be that they bought a house here?

But the price here was too expensive!

She didn't know if her family could afford a small apartment even if they tried their best. If her parents really bought a house here, they must have been under considerable pressure, right?

Thinking of this, Wang Xinran suddenly felt a little nervous and conflicted. Although she was looking forward to her parents telling her that they bought a house here, she was afraid to hear such words, because it would make her feel guilty to her parents.

Wang Shaohua parked the car downstairs, and the couple took Wang Xinran to take the elevator all the way up. Wang Xinran found that the elevator was tightly wrapped with wooden boards. At first glance, it seemed that the residents of this building had already started to renovate. Her heart was beating fast. If her parents really bought a house here, then it should be the stage of renovation now, right?

Wang Xinran soon discovered that there was something wrong with the elevator of this building. The house looked very tall from the outside. Why did the elevator only have eleven floors?

This didn't make sense, right?

So she curiously asked Wang Shaohua next to her, "Dad, this building only has eleven floors?

It can't be, right?

I think it has at least twenty floors. "

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "This is a duplex. In fact, it has twenty-two floors!"

"Wow!"

Wang Xinran quickly remembered that there was a young lady in the performing arts training class who kept saying that there was a building in Hua Fu Mansion that was completely duplex. The style of the house was a mess, but her family couldn't afford such a big house, so they could only settle for the next best thing and bought a house that was worth 130 square meters. From the looks of it, the duplex building she was talking about was this one. Her parents brought her here, could it be …

Wang Xinran didn't dare to think about it anymore. The price of a house worth more than two million yuan was really scary. She naturally understood that it would be difficult for her family to buy a house worth five hundred thousand yuan, let alone a house worth two million yuan.

Before she could figure it out, the elevator had stopped on the tenth floor. Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua walked out of the elevator with Wang Xinran and came to the door of room 1001.

Room 1001 was being renovated at this moment. There were more than a dozen workers busy everywhere. When the family of three arrived outside, one of the workers who was sitting on a wooden ladder and wiping the wire turned his head and saw Wang Shaohua. He said with a smile, "Brother Wang, you're here. Look at our progress. The floors upstairs and downstairs of your house have all been found. We're just waiting for you to come and check!"

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "I trust you. I'll take the child to have a look first. We'll talk about the check later."

Wang Xinran looked at the spacious living room in front of her and was stunned. After a while, she murmured to Wang Shaohua, "Dad, is this our house?"