Chapter 1431

When she initially speculated that Li Mu might be influencing Harvard, Su Yingxue's mood was particularly conflicted.

The reason for the conflict was that she really couldn't determine why Li Mu did this. Was it purely for her own good, or did he want her to stay in the United States?

Su Yingxue was smart, and people who were too smart were usually too sensitive. In addition, the gap between her and Li Mu was too big to reach, which made it easier for her to overthink. She was afraid that Li Mu was trying to alienate her because of the huge gap between the two of them. If that was the case, then Li Mu was doing this because he wanted her to continue to stay at Harvard and continue to live away from him.

However, Su Yingxue didn't dare to rule out the possibility that Li Mu was doing this for her own good. Li Mu knew that she had a high academic pursuit and had always regarded Harvard University as her biggest dream in the future. Now, he had enough ability to help her realize this dream. After all, Harvard was operating Li Mu's 3321 in the United States, and they would almost always grant Li Mu's request.

Just when Su Yingxue didn't know which judgment she should lean towards, Li Mu called her.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue didn't talk frequently. They called each other about once a week. Sometimes they would chat a few words on YY, but they usually didn't chat for too long.

Not only did he not communicate enough with Su Yingxue, but from the beginning of the Undying Veterans Foundation to the release of the Flying Tigers movie, to the response to SARS, and the recent acquisition of Apple, Li Mu's personal time was almost completely occupied.

Coupled with the fact that his parents had been in Beijing recently, Li Mu would spend most of his time with them when he returned home after work every day. Therefore, he did not have much personal space.

After receiving Li Mu's call, Su Yingxue thought that Li Mu wanted to talk to her about her studies, but she didn't expect that after Li Mu asked about her recent situation, he suddenly asked her, "Your exchange period is almost over, right?

Are you going back to China in a few days? "

Su Yingxue was slightly stunned on the other end of the phone. She didn't know if Li Mu was deliberately pretending to be confused or he didn't know about it at all. She hesitated for a moment and replied, "The exchange period is coming to an end soon. The return time arranged by Harvard is a week later."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Just in time. I'm flying to the United States in the early hours of the day after tomorrow. I can still make it to Harvard to see you before you return."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "You're coming to America the day after tomorrow?

Busy with work? "

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "I'm going to Silicon Valley first, but it won't be long. I'll stay in Silicon Valley for about two days, and then I'll fly to Boston."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask him, "You didn't come to Boston just to see me, did you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course it's mainly to see you, and also to see that Harvard guy, Mark Zuckerberg."

Su Yingxue suddenly felt a surge of warmth in her heart. She smiled and said, "Mark started a Facebook, and it's quite popular on the university campus recently. You invested in it, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I think this kid is quite interesting, so I invested some angel funds in him and let him do whatever he wants."

After that, Li Mu said, "By the way, when you come back, the National People's Congress will probably be on summer vacation. Have you communicated with the National People's Congress about the procedures?

Are we going to report back to school, or are we going to go on vacation after returning to China? "

Su Yingxue said, "The National People's Congress has sent us a teacher to lead the team. The teacher wants us to report to school after we go back, go through the paperwork procedures, and then we can go on summer vacation."

Li Mu asked again, "Then there's no need for another exam, right?"

"No need," Su Yingxue said, "I'll get full marks for this semester."

Speaking of this, Su Yingxue had some doubts in her heart. Li Mu kept asking her questions after returning to school, and it didn't seem like he knew that she had a chance to stay at Harvard. Could it be that this matter was different from what she had guessed?

Perhaps Li Mu wasn't the person who secretly helped her move to Harvard?

But who else could it be other than Li Mu?

Even if someone had the ability to do so, it was certain that she had nothing to do with such a person. Why would that person do such a thing for her?

Su Yingxue was more mature than her peers, and she considered problems more objectively. She didn't think that her performance in Harvard over the past six months would really make Harvard treat her like this …

Li Mu, who was on the other side of the phone, didn't know about Su Yingxue's doubts. When he heard Su Yingxue say that she had nothing particularly important to deal with after returning to China, he said to her, "How about this? Don't go back to China with them. I'll go to Harvard to look for you, and then I'll pick you up to Los Angeles and New York. When the time comes, you can come back to China with me. I'll help you talk to the National People's Congress."

Su Yingxue really wanted to say yes. Ever since Li Mu left school to start his own business, she had almost never had the chance to spend a long time with Li Mu. Moreover, she had been in the United States for half a year. Although she had met Li Mu during this period, it was very rushed, and the time they spent alone together was pitifully little.

But when she thought that Li Mu must have a lot of business to deal with in the United States, Su Yingxue was a little hesitant. She asked Li Mu, "Will I cause you trouble if I follow you?"

Li Mu said, "Of course not. If you're willing, you can help me think about work. I feel that my brain is becoming more and more inadequate."

Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu was joking with her. She chuckled and said, "As long as you don't think I'm stupid."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'll take that as a yes. Wait for me at Harvard. I'll talk to the school."

"Okay, I'll wait for you at Harvard."

…

After hanging up the phone, Su Yingxue began to think about how Harvard made an exception and gave her the green light. From her conversation with Li Mu, she could basically determine that Li Mu didn't know about it, so she ruled out the possibility of Li Mu secretly helping her. Originally, Su Yingxue thought that the person must be Li Mu. She just couldn't figure out Li Mu's motive. But now, she felt that it could be anyone but Li Mu.

This was too confusing.

However, this made Su Yingxue feel relieved. At least this matter couldn't be deliberately manipulated by Li Mu to alienate her. That was enough. As for who exactly it was, if the other party didn't want her to know, she wouldn't know.

Then there was another question: Should he accept this offer or not?

Staying at Harvard, studying for a master's degree, and realizing my biggest academic dream in one step was indeed very attractive.

Moreover, Su Yingxue was very clear that if she told her parents and relatives about this, they would definitely support her 100%, and they would even strongly oppose her to reject this offer. But what about Li Mu?

What would his attitude be?

Su Yingxue was confused by these questions. After thinking about it, she came up with a relatively compromise. When Li Mu came to Harvard, she would tell him about this and listen to his opinion. If he clearly expressed that he didn't want her to stay, she would not hesitate or be reluctant to stay, and she would not tell this matter to her family. She would directly pretend that it didn't happen. If Li Mu supported her to stay, then whether he did it for her own good or to alienate her, she would choose to stay. If he did it for her own good, she couldn't let him down. If he wanted to alienate her, she couldn't let him feel unnecessary troubles.

…

Li Mu's sudden departure for the United States caught Papa Lee and Li Ma off guard. But when they thought of Li Mu's request not to leave Yanjing before the SARS risk was eliminated because of the SARS, and when he talked to them about a lot of work recently, they could understand their son's urgency.

Their son was going to the United States, and the epidemic in Yanjing had been eliminated. Most of the areas in the country where the epidemic was found had announced that the SARS epidemic had been eliminated. After some consideration, Papa Lee and Li Ma decided to return to Haizhou. After all, the couple still had their own business in Haizhou. Previously, they came to Yanjing to accompany their son, and now it was time to go back to their own business.

Li Mu did not want his parents to drive a long distance back to Haizhou, so he asked the Makino Technology's driver team to send two drivers to help his parents drive the car back to Nansu and wait at Jinling Airport. He would charter a plane to send his parents back to Jinling first, and then fly to the United States.

Papa Lee and Li Ma did not want to cause trouble for Li Mu, but they could not resist Li Mu's firm attitude, so they could only agree.

Then, the family of three began to make their own preparations.

Li Mu secretly made a list for his upcoming trip to the United States. This time, his tasks in the United States were: to consolidate the business, strengthen the relationship with partners, strengthen the relationship with the government, acquire Apple, and lay out the future.

At present, the development of Makino Technology and Taobao Network in China was very smooth. Looking at the entire Internet industry in Hua Xia, there was no competitor that could threaten these two companies, so Li Mu had transferred most of his energy to the United States.

For Makino Technology, if it wanted to become the world's top Internet company, or even an overlord Internet company, it must swallow the entire Western market and put it in its mouth, chew it up, and swallow it into its stomach. Strictly speaking, the entire West was Uncle-Sam's son, and everything followed his lead. Therefore, if it wanted to swallow the West, it must first swallow the United States.

At present, the foundation of Makino Technology in the United States was far from solid enough. What Li Mu needed to do next was to make the foundation of Makino Technology in the United States deeper and deeper, so deep that no one could shake it in the future.

As for strengthening the relationship with partners, it was not only the existing business partners of Makino Technology in the United States, but also to prepare for the future and strengthen the relationship with potential partners, such as Google, Oracle, and Cisco.

In addition, Li Mu had a bigger plan for the United States. He was eager to lock in the huge cake of the mobile Internet in advance. It was not enough to swallow Apple. He also needed to hoard more convenient conditions for himself in advance and make a strategic layout. One of the very important links was the future mobile hardware. Among them, processors were the most important.

Li Mu did not want to enter the computer processor market, not only because the threshold for this industry was too high, but also because it had long become one of the key areas of the game between countries. For companies like Intel, like Lockheed Martin, no matter how much money they had, the US government would not allow overseas companies to acquire or obtain the core technology.

Even an amazing technology company like Apple could not achieve self-sufficiency in desktop processors. Later, they even completely changed the architecture of the Mac OS from PowerPC to Intel's X86. If it were not for Li Mu, within two years, Apple Mac OS would completely fall into the arms of X86 and Intel.

However, in contrast, the degree of importance that mobile processors were currently receiving was far less than desktop processors.

In Zhang Heng's previous life, although Apple did not have any commendable achievements in desktop processors, they had a bloody path in mobile processors. A few years later, Apple acquired several companies that had a certain foundation in the ARM architecture at a very small cost. They absorbed a large number of related talents, and based on the ARM architecture, they developed Apple's own A-series mobile processor. They had a long-term leading position in the field of mobile processors, providing great support for the iPhone, iPad, and iOS. Without the A-series processor, Apple's future would not be so smooth.

Therefore, this time when Li Mu went to the United States, in addition to acquiring Apple, he also wanted to help Apple lay the foundation of mobile processors in advance. Perhaps in the future, because of the Wassenaar Agreement, Makino Technology would not be able to obtain advanced photolithography machines and could not handle its own mobile processor production. However, it did not matter. As long as they had a mobile processor research and development team, they would not have to worry about production when they had an OEM like TSMC.