Chapter 1734

Li Mu's attitude made Bill Ford Jr. very uncomfortable.

On one hand, Li Mu's attitude was a little too arrogant. He said that he just wanted to play with the three brands in his hands, and he even said that he was the only possible buyer.

On the other hand, he couldn't find a way to start the negotiation, as they were not on the same page.

If any other automobile manufacturer wants to acquire these three brands, they will have to follow the normal procedure and bring out all the necessary documents, assets, patents, and employee arrangements. Then, they will discuss the details.

However, Li Mu didn't play this game. He didn't understand the specific situation of these three brands at this stage, and he didn't want to understand it. He just told Bill Ford Jr. that he wanted it for five billion dollars, and that he wouldn't give a cent more. If he didn't want to sell it, he should think about it himself, or he could turn around and look at other automobile manufacturers to see who could afford it, or who was willing to buy it.

Li Mu's strategy was indeed very mean. He didn't put himself on the same level as Bill Ford Jr., but he put Bill Ford Jr. in a position that was one level lower than him. He gave Bill Ford Jr. a strong sense of oppression, as well as a sense of helplessness.

There was a moment of awkwardness at the negotiating table. After nearly two minutes of silence, Bill Ford Jr. said, "Mr. Li, since this is a negotiation, I think we should discuss it from a more professional point of view and more specific details. As for the price, both of us can put aside our intended price for the time being. After discussing the details, we can discuss the price again."

Bill Ford Jr. felt that he had been led too far by Li Mu, and now it was time to pull Li Mu back to his side.

This was like a battle between a lion and a shark. Bill Ford Jr. was the lion, and Li Mu was the shark.

Bill Ford Jr. had been dragged into the sea by Li Mu previously, and he couldn't use any of his skills. He could only let the shark bite and devour him. However, if he were on land, the strength of the shark would be greatly affected.

This was like two people from different fields sitting together to chat and debate. If the topic was in one of their fields of expertise, the other would not be able to argue back.

Li Mu was too lazy to talk to him about cars. There was no point in talking about cars because he only had a smattering of knowledge about the basic principles of an engine. He didn't know how turbocharger increased the pressure, and he didn't know how the transmission changed the speed. He only knew that there were many different gear ratios, but he didn't know what kind of mechanical structure it was. The only transmission system that he knew all the principles of was the transmission of a bicycle.

Not only was it meaningless to discuss these details with him, but it would also put him in a passive position.

Therefore, Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Mr. Ford, with my current identity and what I'm doing, I can't discuss the details anymore. I have too many things to take care of, so I can only look at the problem from a macro level. If you want to talk about the details, after I leave, you can talk to my colleagues in my team who are in charge of the details."

Bill Ford Jr. felt a sharp blow to his heart.

In Li Mu's eyes, a five-billion-dollar deal was just a drop in the ocean. If he wanted to talk about the details of a drop in the ocean with Li Mu, wouldn't he be asking for trouble?

Bill Ford Jr. had no choice but to take a step back and say, "Then we can talk about the macro level. From a macro perspective, the world's car market will definitely develop greatly, especially the Hua Xia car market. All of us in the same industry believe that Hua Xia will become a huge market in the near future. From this perspective alone, the potential of these three brands in the future is also limitless."

"Really?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Before I came here, I saw some data reports about the Hua Xia car industry. In the past six months, the overall Hua Xia car industry has been relatively sluggish. The decline in sales is the key, and the decline in sales of imported cars is even more severe. The annual sales of your Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo combined may not even be as much as the Honda Accord or the Volkswagen Santana, right?"

Bill Ford Jr. felt a little embarrassed and said, "We can't compare with Volkswagen or Honda. That's for sure."

Li Mu nodded and said, "So you told me that the market will grow in the future, so these three brands must have the potential to develop. I think you are very irresponsible."

Li Mu paused and said, "The car industry has been developing since before World War II. However, the industry is developing, but it doesn't mean that all companies in the industry can rise to the top. Look at how many car brands have fallen over the years.

Didn't they enjoy the benefits of the industry's growth?

Of course not. The industry's growth is balanced, but the key is that you are too poor. Even if the industry grows, you may not be able to survive. "

Bill Ford Jr. immediately argued in disagreement, "Li Zong, Jaguar Land Rover, Volvo, these three brands can be considered to have a long history. They have enough accumulation, and they are completely different from those car brands that have disappeared and closed down."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let's put it this way. Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo are not suitable for the Hua Xia market at all. If you can't even see this, then you really don't know enough about the Hua Xia car market."

Bill Ford Jr. was not convinced and said, "Li Zong, we have been studying the Hua Xia market for many years, and we have gone through very professional research and research. I believe that in terms of understanding the Hua Xia market, I am at least not worse than you."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Since you are so confident, I will tell you the reason."

After that, Li Mu stretched out a finger and said, "Let's talk about Jaguar first. It is a luxury car, and its models are generally bigger, heavier, more expensive, and more fuel-efficient. This kind of car has no market in Hua Xia. Moreover, Jaguar has no brand awareness in Hua Xia. Let me tell you, half of the luxury car sales in Hua Xia are on Audi. Audi's cars are mainly for official use, and the remaining 50% are for the ordinary civilian market. But there are Benz and BMW among them. What about Jaguar?

Who will buy it? "

Bill Ford Jr.'s face was full of embarrassment.

In recent years, Jaguar had indeed been ignored in Hua Xia. When placed together with Audi A6, the sales volume was not even a fraction of Audi A6's.

Li Mu then stretched out two fingers and said, "Let's talk about Land Rover. My God, I don't even want to comment on this brand. It is huge, heavy, expensive, fuel-efficient, ugly, and has a high failure rate. The Hua Xia market itself does not have the space to consume this kind of luxury off-road vehicle. The main models of off-road vehicles are Toyota and Mitsubishi, which are more stable, practical, and cheaper. If Land Rover does not change its approach, not only will it not be able to sell in Hua Xia, it will not be able to sell anywhere."

As he said that, Li Mu said seriously, "Don't be unconvinced by what I have said. The only country in the world that recognizes Land Rover is the United Kingdom, and only the United Kingdom. But how many Land Rover cars can be sold in the United Kingdom every year?

If this car were to sell well in the United Kingdom, would it be necessary for a British company to sell it to you? "

Bill Ford Jr. was a little angry. He wanted to refute, but he did not know where to start.

What Li Mu said was actually nonsense.

The Land Rover, this stupid car, would be crazily pursued by the rich people in Hua Xia in a few years, so what he said was all lies.

However, at the current stage, the Land Rover really could not sell. So from the point of view of the result, Bill Ford Jr. had nothing to say about it.

Li Mu continued to say mercilessly, "Also, you know that the Land Rover, this stupid car, has a huge displacement. Such a large displacement is still okay in the United States, because the gas price in the United States is cheap. Americans prefer cars with large displacement. But the point is, Americans don't like Land Rover!

For cars in the same class, they have Chevrolet, Cadillac, GC, and Lincoln. Why would they buy the expensive, ugly, and malfunctioning Land Rover Range Rover?

You are the boss of the American automobile industry. You should know how many Land Rover cars are sold in the United States in a year, right? "

"Also, you should know the situation in Europe. How strong are the Europeans' awareness of environmental protection?

They are afraid of burdening the earth even if they fart. Whoever drives a Land Rover will be looked down upon by many people every day. In the eyes of the Europeans, the Fiat 500 is the best car. It is economical and environmentally friendly. So, I can be sure that the Land Rover will become more and more pessimistic in the European market in the future. Maybe one day, some environmental organization will jump out and shout slogans, "Give us back the blue sky" and reject the Land Rover. What will you do then?

Where will you sell the Land Rover Range Rover that you build? "

"Sell it to Asia?

I just said that with the consumption level of the people in Hua Xia, most people can't afford this kind of car, and they don't like this style of car. You should know the situation in Japan and Korea, right?

Koreans basically only buy Korean cars, and the same is true in Japan. But the rich people in Japan do like to buy imported cars, but they really don't like Jaguar or Land Rover. They like German cars. Although it is a right-hand country, young people like left-hand Benz BMWs. How many Jaguar Land Rovers have you seen in Japan? "

"Southeast Asia?

Oh my god, with the consumption level there, even Ford can't sell well, right?

Not to mention Jaguar Land Rover? "

"The Middle East?

The weather and environment there are so harsh. When the Land Rover reaches there, just the after-sales service alone will be enough to make you suffer. "

Bill Ford Jr. looked at Li Mu, dumbfounded, and his heart was filled with horror.

What this guy said really seemed to be true …

After being fooled by him, even Bill Ford Jr. felt that a car like the Land Rover really had no future …

Li Mu then raised three fingers and said, "Come, come, come, let me talk about Volvo with you again. Whenever you talk about Volvo, you give me a thumbs up, and the first thing you say is' A '. I won't comment on the selling point of An first, but the best-selling car in Hua Xia should be the Volkswagen Santana or the Jetta. But do you know that the best-selling models of these two models don't have airbags? They only have airbags. So, do you think it's meaningful for you to tell me that Volvo has four, six, eight, or even eight hundred airbags in it?"