Chapter 161

Today, he had thrown out a false bait to create some cracks in the relationship between Sun Tan and Wu Shuai.

Actually, from Li Mu's point of view, as long as Sun Tan talked to Wu Shuai about this, even if Sun Tan pushed all the blame to him, his relationship with Wu Shuai would still change. After all, if he were to put himself in Wu Shuai's shoes, Wu Shuai would definitely feel that even if everything was caused by Li Mu, Sun Tan's sacrifice for his own benefit would still make him feel bitterly disappointed to a certain extent.

However, when Li Mu thought about it carefully, he found a very good opportunity, and that was the matter of the Student Union installing the computer.

If he wasn't wrong, Sun Tan would definitely be moved by his suggestion today. Even though 30% wouldn't solve all his problems, it would at least be a huge improvement. Therefore, he definitely wouldn't reject it. Therefore, he would definitely receive news of Wu Shuai leaving the Student Union tomorrow. Coincidentally, tomorrow was the day the Student Union installed the computer for the students. There would be a lot of room for him to manipulate the situation.

Li Mu made two assumptions in his mind.

Assumption A: Sun Tan was loyal to Wu Shuai. Even though Wu Shuai had to leave the Student Union temporarily for 3321, he would still give Wu Shuai what he deserved.

Assumption B: Sun Tan would take the opportunity to kick Wu Shuai away while he was attracting hatred. If that was the case, Wu Shuai would definitely lose everything.

Regardless of whether tomorrow's situation was Assumption A or Assumption B, Li Mu was prepared to let Zhao Kang make the first move. He would directly expose the shady dealings of the Student Union on One Ladle Pool and other forums of the National People's Congress. All the topics would be pointed at Sun Tan and he would be caught off guard!

Originally, Wu Shuai was the one who took the lead. Coincidentally, regardless of whether Li Mu's Assumption A or Assumption B, Wu Shuai's temporary departure from the Student Union was inevitable. The moment Wu Shuai left the Student Union, Zhao Kang would do his best to attract hatred for Sun Tan. By then, without Wu Shuai as a shield, Sun Tan would definitely panic.

What would Sun Tan do then?

All of a sudden, his financial aid group had to face doubts from all sides. There were also those students who had just spent thousands of yuan on a new computer. They originally thought that the financial aid group had helped them save money. If they knew that the financial aid group had actually made a lot of money from them, how would they feel?

Although Li Mu had yet to see what the machines provided to the students by the Student Aid Association looked like, he could guess from Sun Tan and Wu Shuai's behavior and their greedy methods as labor traffickers that they would definitely try to make as much money as possible from these machines. He had been in the Internet business for so many years, and he had been cheated step by step in terms of hardware. When the time came, he could just find a prototype and take a look at it to know what kind of tricks they were playing.

Once the student association's reputation was in crisis, Sun Tan would most likely choose to abandon the rook to save the king. In other words, he would abandon Wu Shuai to save himself. At that time, there was a high possibility of a catfight. Regardless of whether they would fight tomorrow, Li Mu had an even better show prepared for these two bastards. So what if they were the backbone of the student union? They would still be struck by lightning if they showed off too much.

…

Wu Shuai was very concerned about whether Sun Tan would give him the money he deserved after the installation was over tomorrow. The machine distributor was Sun Tan's way. Previously, the Student Aid Association had collected a deposit of five hundred dollars from each of the students who had ordered the machines. This money was all with Sun Tan. In addition, after the distributor received the full payment, they would give Wu Shuai the remaining twenty to thirty thousand dollars as commission. Originally, Sun Tan had intended to split the money after all the money was paid. Now, Wu Shuai was worried that Sun Tan would kick him out just like that.

Sun Tan gave Wu Shuai a clear answer to his question. "Don't worry, the splitting of the money will be the same as before. When all the money is paid, everyone will split the money together."

Wu Shuai was relieved. Since Sun Tan had said so, he would definitely not cheat him. After all, he had fulfilled his previous promise.

Sun Tan, on the other hand, had his own plans. What he said just now was just a delaying tactic. After tomorrow's announcement of Wu Shuai's withdrawal from the Student Union and the installation was settled, he could say that the distributor would wait until next Monday to settle the payment. After a few days, he would play a trick with Wu Shuai and the money would be in his pocket. Moreover, with Li Mu helping him attract hatred, it was perfect.

Sun Tan was also not worried that Wu Shuai would fall out with him after he changed his attitude. This was because he knew that Wu Shuai did not have the guts to do so. In the National People's Congress, if he supported Wu Shuai, Wu Shuai would be able to act cool in front of the Student Union and his fellow countrymen. He would also be able to earn hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If he did not support Wu Shuai, Wu Shuai would not dare to fart. Otherwise, if he angered Sun Tan, he would know what would happen to him.

Wu Shuai, who was kept in the dark, felt that he had obtained a lot of comfort. In any case, he would soon have 35,000 yuan in his pocket. This was a huge sum of money. With it, he could buy a lot of things he liked and hook up with a lot of women he was interested in.

The next day, Li Mu waited until noon before he received a call from Sun Tan. Sun Tan asked him to take a look at One Shao Poolside. He said that Wu Shuai had officially withdrawn from the Student Union at One Shao Poolside.

Li Mu looked at the computer. Wu Shuai had indeed posted a post at One Shao Poolside. He said that due to personal reasons, he would be withdrawing from the National People's Congress Student Union. Many people even replied to the post. Some said that they could not bear to let him go, some said that without him, the Student Union would lose a strong member, and some said that without him, everyone would lose many practical benefits, and it was a loss for the National People's Congress Student Union.

Li Mu took out his phone and called Sun Tan. He said in an unfriendly tone, "Senior Sun, are you messing with me?"

Sun Tan hurriedly asked, "How did I mess with you?

Didn't you want Wu Shuai to withdraw from the Student Union?

He's voluntarily withdrawing now! "

Li Mu snorted coldly and said in a serious tone, "Yesterday, my exact words were for him to get out of the Student Union!

Get out!

It's not an ordinary withdrawal!

You know that I have a deep grudge against him, yet you purposely arranged such a smooth transition for him. You even found so many people to help him save face. Who are you trying to appease? "

Sun Tan said angrily, "Aren't you going back on your words?

Yesterday, we agreed to let him withdraw. Even if you said get out, do you really want me to beat him to the ground and let him roll out? "

Li Mu laughed coldly, "Hehe, that's great, that's great. Senior Sun, people from big cities like you really know how to play. Alright, since you said that, I have no objections. You win."

After saying that, Li Mu immediately added, "I promised you yesterday that I would register a company and give you 30% of the shares. Then today, I'll register a company called 3321. Let's just call it 'Yan Jing 3321 Technology Co., Ltd.'. You'll have 30% of the shares. However, there's one thing I have to make clear to you. Yesterday, you wanted 30% of the shares of the 3321 company, not 30% of the shares of my 3321 website!"

When Li Mu said this, Sun Tan immediately panicked. His previous anger also disappeared in an instant, "Li Mu, don't be like this!

This is meaningless. We agreed on something, and now you're playing this childish trick. Isn't that a little too unreasonable? "

Li Mu laughed coldly, "What's unreasonable about it?

You're allowed to be dirty, but I'm allowed to be shameless!

Let me tell you, if this matter with Wu Shuai passes off peacefully, then our agreement will go according to what I said. 3321 website won't have anything to do with you. Whatever methods you have, Grandpa Mu will take it! "

When Sun Tan heard Li Mu's fierce words, he actually didn't feel angry. Instead, he felt vexed.

He was vexed because he already knew that Li Mu had a grudge with Wu Shuai and wanted to use this opportunity to take revenge on him. However, when he saw Wu Shuai's withdrawal announcement and the bunch of idiots below, he felt that it couldn't be justified. Li Mu wouldn't feel satisfied with what Wu Shuai did. Now that Li Mu was the boss, if he wasn't happy, then everything would be for naught.

After thinking about it carefully, Sun Tan made up his mind and gritted his teeth, "Okay, I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation for this matter!"

Li Mu didn't say a word and directly hung up the phone, but he was so happy that he wanted to sing loudly in his heart. In this way, Sun Tan would be forced to embarrass Wu Shuai. Now that he had taken the first step, he would definitely be reluctant to stop. He could only bite the bullet and continue. Even if he publicly embarrassed Wu Shuai, no matter how he explained to Wu Shuai, there would definitely be a gap between them.

Li Mu sneered in his heart. I'll let you two fight first. When the batch of computers arrives in the afternoon, I'll let the whole school fight with you two!

Sun Tan hung up the phone with Li Mu and immediately called Wu Shuai. As soon as he opened his mouth, he cursed, "F * ck, that Li Mu is too f * cking despicable!"

Wu Shuai was delighted and hurriedly asked, "What's wrong, Brother Tan? Did he play with you?

Did he change his mind at the last minute? "

For Wu Shuai, what he liked the most was to see Li Mu play with Sun Tan ruthlessly. In this case, Sun Tan would definitely hate him. Not only would he lose his rationality and take revenge at all costs, but he would also definitely immediately give up on asking him to withdraw from the Student Union. Not only would he not suffer any losses, but he could also watch the two of them become sworn enemies. It was the best of both worlds.

However, what Wu Shuai didn't expect was that Sun Tan actually said at this moment, "It's not that Li Mu changed his mind, but that he is very dissatisfied with the way you withdrew."

As he spoke, Wu Shuai repeated Li Mu's original words.

When Wu Shuai heard that Li Mu wanted him to "get out" of the Student Union, his lungs were about to explode. However, almost instantly, he was also dissatisfied with Sun Tan in his heart.

What do you mean?

I'm your little brother, someone who has been loyal to you for more than two years. Now, for your own interests, you can completely disregard my life and death?

Others want me to get out of the Student Union, but you really want me to get out of the Student Union for your own sake?

Then where can I put my face?

How can I stand in the National People's Congress in the future?

But the most frustrating thing was that although Wu Shuai was dissatisfied with Sun Tan, he didn't dare to show it. He could only ask in a muffled voice, "Brother Tan, then what do you think I should do?"

Sun Tan hesitated for a moment and deliberately made a difficult choice on the phone. After a long while, he sighed and said, "Brother, it seems that you have to suffer a little."

Wu Shuai's heart instantly turned cold. Sun Tan was in a dilemma, but he still had to sacrifice himself. In fact, he was already prepared to sacrifice himself, but he still had to pretend to be in a dilemma and couldn't bear it. Was it interesting?

"Brother Tan, I support you no matter what you plan to do …" Wu Shuai's heart was bleeding when he said this.