Chapter 510

The personnel officer brought Zhang Yao to visit each department. After returning to her desk, the leader of Zhang Yao's department called Zhang Yao into the office and assigned her her first job after joining Makino Technology — to be the liaison between the development and maintenance teams.

Since the two teams worked around YY, they had close daily communication. If the maintenance team encountered any unexpected product problems, they would immediately communicate with the development team, so the communication had to be very smooth. However, in the past, if there were any problems, they would directly communicate with the development team in the YY group or send emails. There was no specific responsibility for the liaison. Zhang Yao had just arrived at the company, so it was not realistic for her to immediately start the development work. It was a very normal decision to let her be the liaison to familiarize herself with the work.

Zhang Yao thought to herself, Isn't Chen Hui the maintenance team?

And he's a team leader. If I'm the liaison for the maintenance team, will I have to run to the maintenance team often?

If that's the case, I'll definitely be happy, but I don't know if it will cause trouble for Chen Hui. He's in Makino Technology, so he probably didn't expect to meet me here, right?

If I don't exist in his heart for a long time, then my sudden appearance will also be a kind of interference to his life.

At the same time, Chen Hui was also called to the office by Sun Qian. Sun Qian was also very good at talking. He didn't ask him anything related to Zhang Yao and pretended to know nothing about it. He said to Chen Hui in a business-like manner, "The new colleague from the development team has been arranged to be the liaison between the development team and the maintenance team. In order to ensure smooth communication between the two departments, you'll be the liaison on our side. The new colleague is currently undergoing department training. After the training, find a meeting room and meet with the new colleague."

When Chen Hui heard this, he was so touched that he couldn't speak.

He wasn't stupid. He knew that the company was creating opportunities for him. Right now, the only people in the company who knew about him and Zhang Yao were the few leaders. They must have specially arranged for Zhang Yao to liaise with him at work so that he could have more contact with her.

Although he was grateful, Chen Hui also knew that Sun Qian purposely said it in a business-like manner because he didn't want to bring this matter to the surface. They just needed to have a tacit understanding, so he nodded solemnly and said, "I understand, CEO Sun."

When Chen Hui returned to his seat, he found that the company's YY group had already begun to line up to welcome his new classmates. At ten o 'clock, Zhang Yao said in the group, "Thank you, everyone. Please take care of me in the future."

After that, there was no more news. Chen Hui did not have her as a friend, but from the group list, he could see that she had left, so he guessed that she might be undergoing induction training.

Chen Hui double-clicked to open the temporary dialog box with Zhang Yao, typed a few lines of words, and then deleted them all. He then tried to add her as a friend through the group list, but he did not have the courage to press the send button after much hesitation. He struggled a few times, but he did not know what his first words should be after reuniting with Zhang Yao.

While he was in a dilemma, Zhang Yao's status changed to online. He realized that Zhang Yao should have returned to her desk, so he immediately clicked "Send". After he clicked, he realized that he had written in his friend request: "Hello, Maintenance Department Chen Hui."

This is too distant. Will she be disappointed when she sees it?

If I had known, I would have used the previous page. On the previous page, I wrote: "Yao Yao, long time no see."

In less than half a minute, Zhang Yao sent a friend request, and the two officially became friends. At the same time, Zhang Yao sent a smiling emoji, followed by two words: "Hello."

Chen Hui's heart suddenly ached. Two people who used to love each other, using this method to communicate was a bit cruel. He also realized how Zhang Yao felt when she saw his friend request.

At that moment, Chen Hui had an impulse. His fingers quickly tapped on the keyboard: "Let's have lunch together?"

Zhang Yao quickly replied: "There's a department gathering at noon."

Seeing this reply, Chen Hui was disappointed. However, what Zhang Yao said was the truth. Makino Technology had an unwritten tradition. When a new colleague entered the company, the department leader would treat them to lunch. They would bring along the colleagues in the department to increase the familiarity between each other.

After a while, Zhang Yao replied again. This time, the four words made Chen Hui extremely excited: "Can you come in the evening?"

Chen Hui immediately replied: "Sure!

After work, I'll treat you to Mao Cai. I know a place near the company that tastes especially good. "

When the two of them were together, Zhang Yao especially liked to eat Mao Cai. At that time, the two of them would go out every week to improve their lives. Once they improved their lives, they would basically go to eat Mao Cai. When Zhang Yao saw that Chen Hui still remembered her old preferences, she couldn't stop her tears. She quickly wiped her tears with her hand and quickly replied: "Sure!"

Chen Hui let out a sigh of relief and said: "I'll find a meeting room later. Let's meet up about work."

Zhang Yao replied: "Okay, you decide the time."

Chen Hui said: "I'll make an appointment for the meeting room. I'll tell you later."

At around eleven o 'clock, Chen Hui waited in the meeting room for Zhang Yao, who came alone. The two of them met in a relatively private space, and the atmosphere suddenly became awkward. Although the two of them still had deep feelings for each other, neither of them dared to recklessly guess what the other person's attitude towards them was. Although Chen Hui really wanted to take the initiative, he didn't dare to be too forceful. He didn't want to scare Zhang Yao or make her feel uncomfortable. Therefore, Chen Hui constantly warned himself in his heart that he must not be too impulsive after waiting for so long. The two of them would be in the same company in the future, and there would be plenty of opportunities.

Therefore, in this private communication, Chen Hui didn't say anything unrelated to work. Zhang Yao had also experienced a few years in the workplace, so she quickly adapted to this rhythm of separating work from work. After the two of them decided on the method and frequency of their future work connection, it was almost noon. Zhang Yao was going to have a gathering with her colleagues, so Chen Hui helped her open the meeting room door and gestured for her to leave first.

Zhang Yao smiled and nodded to thank him. Just as she was about to leave, Chen Hui couldn't help but call her back. He said a little nervously, "Let's have dinner together tonight. Don't forget."

Zhang Yao smiled and said, "I remember. You said you wanted to treat me to Mao Cai."

Chen Hui scratched his head and smiled. "Then let's contact before work."

…

After work, the two of them strolled side by side on the crowded streets of Zhongguancun, forming a very strong contrast with the people around them who were in a hurry. However, the two of them seemed to have their own thoughts on the way and didn't talk much. Even after they sat down at a restaurant, Chen Hui couldn't find a suitable topic to talk about. He could only bite the bullet and ask Zhang Yao, "How does your first day at work feel?"

Zhang Yao smiled and said, "It feels pretty good."

Actually, what Zhang Yao wanted to say was that today was probably the most surprising day she had in the past few years. Before she left, she was still letting her imagination run wild, secretly hoping that God would give her a chance to meet Chen Hui in Zhongguancun. She didn't expect that God would give her a surprise that she didn't even dare to dream of and arranged for her to work in the same company as Chen Hui.

Thinking up to this point, Zhang Yao couldn't help but say, "I didn't expect to see you at Makino Technology. I thought you should have joined Sina with the QQ team."

Chen Hui was overjoyed and asked, "You knew that I was in Tencent Training?"

Zhang Yao was more or less embarrassed by this question. She nodded slightly and said uncomfortably, "I heard from Zichen and other classmates that you went to Shenzhen after graduation and joined Tencent Training."

Chen Hui was so happy that he couldn't close his mouth. Zhang Yao always knew about his situation. She must still have him in her heart!

This was a great signal!

Zhang Yao saw Chen Hui staring at her and smiling foolishly. She couldn't help but ask, "What are you smiling foolishly for?"

Chen Hui chuckled and said, "I'm happy to see you again. After all, we haven't seen each other for so long."

Zhang Yao nodded and asked, "When did you come to Beijing?

Didn't you tell your classmates? "

Chen Hui rubbed his nose and lied. "I just came a few days ago. After the QQ team was disbanded, Sina and Makino Technology went to poach people. I felt that Makino Technology's development prospects were better, so I signed them. I didn't have the time to greet everyone."

After Chen Hui said this, he couldn't help but despise himself in his heart. Did you get kicked in the head by a donkey?

Why do you still care about face at this time?

Could it be that after going through so much, you still can't tell which is more important, face or love?

Why didn't you tell her directly that you risked everything and rushed over from Shenzhen overnight just for her?

Why didn't you tell her that you wandered around Zhongguancun like a lonely ghost for a few days just to see her?

Why didn't you tell her that you mustered the courage to apply for a job at Makino Technology because you knew that she was going to join Makino Technology? Why did you wait for her until now?

Why didn't you tell her that you still loved her after a few years? Why did you do all this just to be with her again?

Chen Hui cursed himself in his heart a few times. He knew his mentality. He wanted face, and that trace of male chauvinism made him put on a brave front in front of Zhang Yao at this moment. It made him unwilling to make himself sound too proactive and lowly, because deep in his heart, he was still afraid that Zhang Yao would reject him.

Right now, he could only confirm that Zhang Yao had always been concerned about him. However, this was far from enough to support the original goal in his subconscious. He came all the way to Yanjing not to catch up with Zhang Yao and become friends again. He came to get her back, to continue walking by her side, to marry her, to have children with her, and to never be stupid enough to leave her for the rest of his life. What he wanted was too far, too big. He wanted to win back everything from her. Carefully thinking about it, in the face of such a big goal, what was face worth?

However, words that had been said were like water that had been poured out. Chen Hui's personality made it impossible for him to go back on what he had just said and tell the truth. Zhang Yao also accepted his explanation that didn't seem to have any loopholes. She said softly, "In the past, we were so far away, and we haven't been in contact for so long. We can still meet again in Yanjing, and we're even working at the same company. It must be fate."

Chen Hui was extremely depressed in his heart. His contempt for himself had also reached an extreme. He said to Zhang Yao in distress, "Can I drink a bottle of beer?"