Chapter 1052

The past 24 hours were the most torturous 24 hours in the US Internet industry.

Time was stretched infinitely in the past 24 hours. Everyone was waiting anxiously for the new version of Makino Technology's YY.

However, in the entire US Internet industry, there were only a few people who hoped for YY to shock the world again.

Everyone was holding back, hoping to see YY make a fool of itself or make a major mistake.

In the US Internet market, there had never been a Hua Xia company that could attract so much attention. While the American practitioners were paying attention to Makino Technology, they had a tacit understanding. "The US market will not allow such an awesome Hua Xia software to exist."

However, the Internet market was not a mafia.

This was practically the most equal and freest world that mankind had ever created. In the Internet industry, almost all companies had to rely on their own resources to fight. This also meant that if YY was destined to be awesome, then it was destined that no one could stop it from being awesome.

Finally, in the early morning of mid-November 2002, it was midnight in Beijing, and it was exactly nine o 'clock in the morning in San Francisco.

Just at the moment when the entire Silicon Valley had just started working, the last major update of YY 2002 – YY2002-V3.0 was officially released!

Makino Technology expanded its server and bandwidth capacity in the US regardless of the cost and finally gave Li Mu the most satisfactory answer.

In addition to Hua Xia, nearly ten million people around the world immediately updated YY2002-V3.0 at this moment. The server was carrying everything normally. Such a huge data request did not overload the server.

No matter how large the traffic flow was, it could be achieved by widening the road. If the two-way eight-lane traffic was a bit congested, how about trying two-way eighty-lane traffic?

Western Internet peers felt disappointed at the first moment of the v3.0 update. What the hell? There was no lag in the upgrade, data could not be requested, or even server crashes. There was not even a little lag. Everything was smooth as silk...

Peers almost immediately realized that Makino Technology's reserves in the field of servers and bandwidth had far exceeded its current maximum needs.

Some people even thought that Makino Technology's servers and bandwidth in the US should have been built in advance according to the specifications to carry all US netizens.

This speculation was not wrong at all.

Before the flood, if the river was widened and the silt removed, then the flood would no longer be a flood.

Before the huge influx of traffic, they had to pave the way for this traffic. Once the flood of traffic surged in, YY would have nothing to worry about.

This was the pattern of fantasy.

After downloading the latest version of YY, those who were disappointed by the first scene eagerly opened YY, hoping to see what kind of big move YY had prepared this time.

And from this moment onward, the successive shocks had just begun.

YY2002-V3.0 was the first global launch interface. After the user downloaded the update and opened the new version of YY for the first time, a 15cm by 15cm launch interface would appear in the middle of the screen. The interface was a flash animation, which started with the words "Hello!

Hello！”

As the words gradually entered, the entire background gradually appeared. It was an ink landscape painting in the style of Hua Xia.

In the ink painting, there were distant mountains, rivers, lonely sails, and a human figure outlined in ink. Only people from Hua Xia or those who had a profound understanding of Hua Xia culture could see that the human figure was wearing a bamboo hat and a straw raincoat. It was sitting in the woods at the foot of the mountain, sharpening a machete.

After the landscape painting was completely revealed, a string of elegant calligraphy gradually appeared in the middle of the launch screen.

There were a total of seven words in this line, which read: Sharpening the machete will not delay the work of cutting firewood.

This was Li Mu's way of showing off to the world in the v3.0 version.

Don't you all think that I should be busy guiding the users of Paradise Town to YY?

Don't you all not understand why I'm willfully continuing with the major update at this stage of the general trend?

I'll use this ancient saying of Hua Xia to tell you what my realm is!

That's right, it's the realm!

Sharpening the machete will not delay the work of cutting firewood!

This means: Why are you in such a hurry?

The axe in my hand is already a divine weapon, but in my opinion, it's not sharp enough!

All the Chinese and Chinese working in the American Internet industry did not expect Li Mu to use such a strong Hua Xia style as the launch screen in such a major new update. One should know that almost all the people who were paying attention to this version update were elites from all over the world!

Facing the entire Western elite group, Li Mu's willfulness, indifference, and confidence in Hua Xia culture made these Chinese and Chinese feel extremely proud.

Every Westerner was confused by this painting and this line of Hua Xia calligraphy. They could only understand one word: "Hello."

Therefore, in a state of confusion, they all asked the Chinese and Chinese around them, "Boss, you're a Chinese and Chinese. You must be able to understand this background and the Chinese characters in the middle of this line, right?

Quickly tell us, what the hell is Li Mu up to?! "

Therefore, in almost every Western Internet company, a scene could be seen. An Asian-looking Chinese and Chinese was surrounded by a group of confused and curious foreigners, listening to him explain this freehand black-and-white landscape painting and that line of strange, flamboyant Chinese characters.

Sharpening the knife will not delay the chopping of firewood.

These seven words were filled with the essence of Huaxia's civilization. The Chinese and Chinese could only use the most direct way to translate it, telling them, "This means that if the knife isn't sharp enough, then use time to sharpen the knife before chopping firewood. It may seem like it's taking up a lot of time, but it definitely won't affect the progress of chopping firewood. In fact, it will greatly speed up the process."

The Westerners who did not understand the Hua Xia culture went crazy. Their first reaction was: WTF!

The seven hieroglyphs actually contained so much content behind them?

Are all the Chinese people so efficient?

Or are you f * cking lying to me that I don't understand Chinese?

But then, they really reacted.

F * ck!

I know what Li Mu meant. He wanted to say that I don't want to 'go up the mountain to chop firewood' now. Wait until I sharpen the knife a little faster!

Almost every Westerner who had an epiphany covered their heads and exclaimed, "Holy sh * t!

Why is Li Mu so confident!

Does this guy think that there is no one in the American Internet industry?

Does he think that American users are firewood that he can chop at will?

He has to apologize to American users for looking down on them!

However, when most people were filled with righteous indignation in front of their computers, there were still a few clear-headed people who reminded them, "Stop talking nonsense. Hurry up and see what this software has been updated with!

We've only seen the launch interface! "

The people who were reminded came to a sudden realization and quickly returned to their senses. They quickly went to study the 3.0 version of YY to see what was different.

In the software's own reminder function, the first thing that was shown to the users was the addition of a one-click launch option for Paradise Town in YY.

Its launch logic was:

1. If the Paradise Town client is not installed, one click on the one-click launch option to enter the official download page of the Paradise Town client.

2. If the Paradise Town client is installed on the computer, the login interface for Paradise Town will pop up with a light click.

2.1. If the logged in YY account is registered or bound to the Paradise Town account, the system will automatically complete the login after launching the login interface. There is no need to enter the account password.

2.2. If the logged in YY account is not registered or bound to the Paradise Town account, the system will show the login interface for manual input of the account password. At the same time, it will give a shortcut option to bind the YY account.

As the first change announced to the users in version 3.0, this change puzzled many people in the industry.

What's going on?

Li Mu, is there something wrong with your logic?

Paradise Town is popular now, and YY is only popular among the elites. What you should do is to open a channel to YY in Paradise Town to guide the traffic!

Why didn't you open a channel to Paradise Town? Instead, you opened an entrance to Paradise Town in YY?

It was like during the Spring Festival, the transportation department should find ways to open more exits from the big cities so that the crowded population of the big cities could quickly spread in all directions. However, the transportation department did the opposite. During the Spring Festival, they should find ways to ensure the efficiency and speed of the surrounding population to the big cities. Isn't this logic completely reversed?

Li Mu, is there something wrong with his brain?

Besides, with this broken function, how the f * ck is this a major update?

Motherf * cker, did you come all the way from Hua Xia to the United States to trick the stupid dog?

Some disappointed people in the industry and elites in the United States quickly skimmed over the first change prompt and went directly to the second change prompt.

This change prompt was one of the highlights of the new version of Makino Technology: the discussion group!

The convenience and unique function of YY group not only quickly conquered the users of Hua Xia, but also the elites in the United States at the speed of light. Starting from YY group, the era of online group social interaction was officially launched. This was also one of the favorite functions of the overseas elites that could greatly improve their work efficiency.

However, the users did not realize that YY group chats had a relatively high cost of user behavior.

To organize a group chat, users first had to create a group. After filling in the group information and completing the creation step by step, users were invited in one by one.

This was the model for a YY group with a thousand people, and it was also the model for a YY group with three people. Although this method of communication was still highly respected, Li Mu knew that users' needs were endless.

A new function might feel amazing today, but it would be okay tomorrow. After a while, they would feel that it was troublesome and boring.

If he waited for users to feel that it was troublesome and boring before he made improvements, it would basically be too late. Therefore, Li Mu "lightened" the group chat, and the "discussion group" function came into being.

The "discussion group" was a new product that users could quickly create group chat within a second. Its subversive effect on users was no less than the amazing "YY group" when it was first launched!

The lightweight "YY group" allowed the YY group chat to reach the pinnacle that the users themselves could not even imagine or imagine!

For example, if users in the era of cold weapons were provided with a powerful "Maxim heavy machine gun," users who had never seen firearms would naturally admire its powerful firepower. However, its weight, movement, operation, ammunition supply, and water cooling were all potential problems when users used the Maxim.