Chapter 705

With regards to Li Mu's identity, Wei Lan's heart was filled with shock.

It was normal for a rich second generation to spend a lot of money, and it was understandable for them to buy a mansion. However, she was surprised to find out that Li Mu had a stake in a real estate company at such a young age. Moreover, it was a company that had bet on six or seven pieces of prime land in one go. This made her look at him in a different light. In her opinion, Li Mu's family background must be quite powerful to be able to support his identity as a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate.

Wei Lan instinctively felt that Li Mu was the son of an official or the son of an aristocratic family. Moreover, Yanjing was a place with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. In Wei Lan's eyes, it was understandable for Li Mu to buy a mansion at the age of twenty and become a shareholder of a real estate company. However, she never considered it from the beginning to the end. If it was anyone else who didn't understand Li Mu, they would probably be like Wei Lan and attribute the success that Li Mu displayed in front of her to his family background.

Wei Lan was also curious about Li Mu's true identity, or perhaps he was the son of an aristocratic family. She somewhat regretted that she didn't do enough preparation before coming here and didn't carefully understand the background of the shareholders behind Wanying Real Estate.

However, as a rare and friendly acquaintance, Wei Lan was very happy to meet Li Mu here. She temporarily suppressed the shock in her heart and said to Li Mu, "I really didn't think that Mister Li would also be in the real estate industry. Wanying Real Estate's bet was so accurate, I'll have to learn more from Mister Li in the future."

Li Mu faintly smiled and said, "Miss Wei is too polite. I'm just an idle person who holds shares in Wanying Real Estate but doesn't do anything. The reason why I came here today is to broaden my horizons."

Of course, Li Mu was too embarrassed to say that the reason he came to this summit was that he hoped to have a chance to meet Wei Lan at the summit.

When Wei Lan heard Li Mu say this, she didn't think too much about it. Instead, she smiled and asked him, "Has Mister Li moved into Ziyun Villa?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "Don't be so polite, just call me Li Mu."

Pausing for a moment, he continued, "The Purple Cloud Villa has moved in. It's very good and perfect. I have to thank you for giving it up."

Wei Lan smiled faintly and said, "It's true that I'm willing to part with him. I can't say that I'm grateful. In the end, it was your generosity that helped me."

At this time, the staff in charge of registration handed Wei Lan's ID and the completed badge to her. Wei Lan took the ID and walked in front of Li Mu, asking him, "Let's go in together?"

Li Mu nodded and the two of them walked side by side into the venue. This five-star hotel was the property of the Urban Construction Group, so the hardware for this summit was also very grand. The entire banquet hall of the five-star hotel was dedicated to this summit. The two of them walked side by side through the long corridor to the largest banquet hall of the hotel. Li Mu casually chatted with Wei Lan and asked her, "Looking at your travel-worn appearance, did you just get off the plane and rush here?"

Wei Lan was a little embarrassed as she fixed her bangs and smiled, "That's true. I originally wanted to inform the guests to check in at the hotel yesterday, but I couldn't leave yesterday, so I could only arrange for this morning's flight to rush over. I almost missed the registration time because of that."

Li Mu jokingly asked her, "Don't tell me it's going to be like last time, rushing back after the summit?"

Wei Lan replied, "I haven't decided on the time yet. Aside from participating in the summit, I still have something to do in Beijing."

Nodding his head, Li Mu wanted to invite her for a meal when he's free. But after thinking about it, he felt that it wouldn't be appropriate. Furthermore, although he didn't feel that Wei Lan was older than him, he was younger than her by six to seven years. So he didn't know what she would think if he took the initiative to invite her for a meal.

While he was hesitating, a man ran over and patted Wei Lan's shoulder with a smile. "Miss Wei."

Wei Lan turned around and politely smiled. "Nice to meet you, Chairman Xiao."

Li Mu also stopped and looked at Chairman Xiao. He saw that the man was about 30 years old and was quite handsome. He was tall and handsome and wore an exquisite dark blue suit. He also had a gentlemanly demeanor.

There was a warm smile on his face. It seemed that he was an old acquaintance of Wei Lan. When Li Mu looked at him, he also looked at Li Mu. At the same time, there was a bit of surprise in his eyes. Li Mu didn't want to disturb other people's communication, so he said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, you go ahead with your business. I'll go in first. See you later."

Wei Lan nodded and politely said, "See you later."

Li Mu turned around and left first. The man called Chairman Xiao by Wei Lan curiously asked Wei Lan, "When did Miss Wei come?

Last night, I asked the staff in charge of check-in and they said that you didn't check in. Don't tell me you just came this morning? "

Wei Lan smiled and said, "I had something to do in Shanghai, so I booked a ticket for this morning."

CEO Xiao smiled and said, "No wonder. I got someone to reserve a luxurious suite for you. The treatment is much better than that of the other foreign guests. When the time comes, don't tell the other foreign guests. Otherwise, they will say that I am biased."

Chairman Xiao's words made Wei Lan a little embarrassed, but she still responded with a smile, "Thank you for your care, Chairman Xiao."

"You don't have to be so polite with me."

Chairman Xiao waved his hand casually and pretended to suddenly think of something. He asked her, "By the way, do you know Li Mu?"

Wei Lan asked him curiously, "Chairman Xiao, do you know Mr. Lee?"

Chairman Xiao smiled and said, "I don't know him. I know him, but he doesn't know me."

Wei Lan couldn't help but ask with a smile, "Is Mr. Lee so famous?

What does he do? "

Chairman Xiao was also surprised. "You don't know?"

Wei Lan shook her head and said casually, "I'm not very familiar with Mr. Lee. He bought a villa from me before. Strictly speaking, this is the second time we've met."

Chairman Xiao let out a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "Li Mu is a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate. Some time ago, Wanying Real Estate bet on a few pieces of land in the East Third Ring Road, so they have some fame in the real estate industry. However, this is the first time their company has entered real estate in Beijing, so they have not really developed a project yet."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "To be able to bet on the subway line and the treasure land of the Three Circle Bridge, Wanying Real Estate will probably grow very fast in the future."

Chairman Xiao nodded slightly. "They have potential, but their colleagues in the industry in Beijing don't have high hopes for them. They don't have a foundation, and they can't handle so many pieces of land by themselves. They still have to cooperate with other companies. Our Urban Construction Group is going to talk to the CEO of Wanying Real Estate about this matter. How can they cover seven large real estate projects in a year?"

As he spoke, Chairman Xiao changed the topic and said to Wei Lan, "I've heard about what happened to Juncheng Real Estate, and I understand your current situation. If you don't have any plans tonight, I'll treat you to dinner, and we can talk about this in detail."

When Wei Lan heard this, she couldn't help but feel happy. It seemed that Chairman Xiao wanted to take the initiative to help. This was good news for her, who had come to Beijing like a headless fly looking for help.

Thus, Wei Lan nodded and said, "I don't have any plans tonight. How about I treat you to dinner, Chairman Xiao?"

Chairman Xiao smiled charmingly and said, "Don't joke around. How can I let you treat me when you're at my place? Let's eat at the hotel's restaurant tonight. I'll arrange it. Our hotel has a new French chef, and his skills are superb."

Wei Lan thought for a moment and didn't refuse anymore. She nodded and said, "Then I'll have to trouble you, Chairman Xiao."

This time, Wei Lan didn't come all the way to attend this summit to attend an industry gathering. Instead, she came to find help and fight for a way to survive.

For the matter of Juncheng Real Estate, Wei Lan ran all over Shanghai and begged countless people. However, Lanke Group's influence was too great, and no one was willing to help at this time.

The biggest crisis Wei Lan was facing right now wasn't her father being sentenced, nor was it the company being punished. Instead, it was the period when the company was sealed. The inability to repay the loan caused the company's assets to be auctioned off by the bank. Thus, her biggest request now was to solve the money problem.

In order to deal with this crisis, she was willing to take out half of Juncheng Real Estate's shares. She only hoped that someone could temporarily help Juncheng Real Estate with the bank loan until the case was closed. As long as they could hold on until the case was closed, the court would have to unseal the company. At that time, the prices of the three buildings in the new district would also increase greatly. When the time came, they would be able to get a bigger profit. Thus, the condition of half of the shares was actually very attractive. However, even so, there were still no companies or individuals who were interested. This made Wei Lan feel despair.

After carefully examining the current situation, Wei Lan felt that no one in Shanghai was willing or dared to help Juncheng Real Estate. She could only place her hopes on this summit. After all, the real estate capital was very profit-driven and willing to take risks. Right now, Juncheng Real Estate was a high-risk, high-return project. If someone was interested, then Juncheng Real Estate would have a chance to come back from the dead.

What she didn't expect was that as soon as she arrived at the venue, she met an "acquaintance". Moreover, this acquaintance was really not simple. He was Xiao Chenfeng, the general manager of the Urban Construction Group and a member of the board of directors. The Urban Construction Group was one of the few listed real estate groups. The Xiao family was the biggest shareholder of the Urban Construction Group and also the actual person in charge of the board of directors. Therefore, Xiao Chenfeng's position in the Urban Construction Group was only below one person. The only person above him was his father.

The Urban Construction Group was comparable to the Lanke Group, which intended to bring down Juncheng Real Estate. They were both first-tier real estate companies in the country. Wei Lan thought that if the 50% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares could move the Urban Construction Group, with the strength of the Urban Construction Group, they would definitely be able to help Juncheng Real Estate get through this crisis. To Wei Lan, as long as they could get through this crisis, even if she had to give up 50% of the shares, it would be worth it. She was very clear about what she had to do now, which was to try her best to cut her losses. In this difficult period where there were fierce tigers outside and wolves inside, she would be satisfied if she could keep 50% of her family's business.