Chapter 35

Li Mu and Zhao Kang were also queuing up at the train station window to buy tickets.

Fortunately, they were not far from Pengcheng. It was more than three hundred kilometers and it would take four to five hours by train. He arranged to meet Sun Peng at one o 'clock in the afternoon the day after tomorrow and asked for Sun Peng's phone number.

Li Mu decided to buy a train at five o 'clock in the morning and arrive at Pengcheng around ten o' clock. The first thing he did was to get a local bank card and a local mobile phone card.

Speaking of mobile phones, he had to hurry up and buy them tomorrow.

Sun Peng and his old partner were also queuing at the square in front of the Yanjing Train Station. They had chosen the train number. They would board the berth at ten o 'clock tomorrow night and arrive at Pengcheng at six o' clock the day after tomorrow.

Both of them bought tickets. Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, "Come to my house tomorrow morning and we'll buy a few mobile phones."

"Buy a few …" Zhao Kang dragged his voice and deliberately emphasized the word "a few". "You're too rich. Why do you want to buy so many mobile phones?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "I want to buy four, one for each of us and one for my parents. But I don't know how much mobile phones are selling for. Do you know?"

"I know a little," Zhao Kang nodded, "I know the Motorola V998, around three thousand. It's a flip cover. It's super cool."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "You want one?"

Zhao Kang thought for a while and said, "Forget it. It's too expensive. It's not worth it."

Li Mu said, "Since you want it and you can afford it, let's buy it. It's a classic after all."

"What classic?" Zhao Kang looked puzzled.

"Nothing." Li Mu waved his hand. "Buy it if you like it."

Zhao Kang looked expectant but quickly said, "I'm not in a hurry to buy it. Let's talk about it after we finish selling the Stoneware Overlord."

Li Mu smiled. "Then I'll lend you money to buy the mobile phone tomorrow. When we get the money from selling the plug-in, you can return it to me?"

Zhao Kang immediately said, "Okay!"

The next morning, Li Mu and Zhao Kang went to the mobile store and bought four cell phones.

Li Mu felt that there was no point in buying an expensive phone at the moment. Right now, the phone only had two basic functions: phone calls and text messages.

That's why Feng Yu bought the Nokia 8250, which was the best-selling model of the year. It was a grey case and cost more than 1,000 RMB. It was not considered expensive and was more affordable than the Motorola V998 + which cost nearly 3,000 RMB.

Li Mu remembered that his parents were not flashy people. He bought a black 8250 for his dad and a white 8310 for his mom. Nokia's blue screen phone had two nicknames: Brick and Standby King. Even in the era of smartphones, many people would carry a Nokia phone with them. Because the phone's quality was very good, it could be used for self-defense, and it could also be used to open walnuts. Every time the phone was charged, it would last for a week.

Including the V998 + that Zhao Kang wanted, Li Mu bought a total of four phones and four SIM cards. He spent about 8,000 RMB in total, and each SIM card had 200 RMB in it.

When choosing the SIM card, Li Mu made up a family SIM card. His SIM card ended with 1003,1001 and 1002, and he let his parents choose for themselves.

After leaving the store, Zhao Kang held the new phone in his hand and could not put it down. In his plan, he would only be able to own a phone like this after he graduated from university. After all, people in this era did not understand the electronics market well enough, and a phone was a standard luxury item in this era.

In this era, the Motorola V998 + was something that only bosses could afford. In this era, people who could afford business phones and laptops were much better than the iPhone and Macbook people in the future.

Li Mu did not tell Zhao Kang that the price of the phone was too low. He felt that there were too many things in life that he liked, but he could not get them. Since Zhao Kang liked this phone, he should encourage him to make the decision.

Zhao Kang searched for the phone and saved the first number in the phone book: Li Mu.

He still did not know how to tell his parents about the origin of this phone, and he did not know how to explain the income after he sold the Stoneware Overlord.

However, who cares. It was not stolen or robbed. It was earned with his own ability. As for how he earned it?

He did not intend to answer his parents' question. They had always been in control of him. It was time to give them a little surprise and let them know that he had begun to go beyond their control.

…

When Papa Lee and Li Ma saw the three brand new phones, their first reaction was indeed quite shocked.

It felt like buying three cars in one go. It was too extravagant and wasteful.

"How can our family of three afford three phones?"

Li Ma emphasized the word "phone" very clearly. In her opinion, she and her husband were the two points of contact between work and home. If the family needed a phone, it was Li Mu who needed it. Because a mother would worry about her son when he traveled a thousand miles. If he had a phone, she could find him at any time.

Li Mu said, "What's the big deal about three phones?

Mom, have you ever thought that our family of three can not only afford three phones, but also three houses, three cars, and even more? "

"Look at how proud you are."

Li Ma laughed and scolded, "Little bastard, three houses for three people. Do you want your parents to separate?"

Li Mu said with a face full of grievance, "I'm innocent, mom!

I bought a phone to keep in touch with the three of us. In the future, if you go out to buy groceries and I suddenly want to eat something, I can call you and tell you what I want to eat at night. Then you can buy it. How nice is that? "

"Yes."

Papa Lee played the Snake game on the phone and said with a smile, "I think everyone will have a phone in the future. Our son is letting us enjoy the advanced life in advance. It's not a big deal."

Li Mu looked at his father in surprise, "Dad, you really have foresight. How can you be so sure that everyone will have a phone in the future?"

Papa Lee was enjoying the game and said without raising his head, "When I first started working, I was sent to Guizhou to provide support for two years. At that time, if there was anything urgent, your grandfather would send me a telegram. Ordinary people like us had no place to call. At that time, I felt that phones would be installed in every household sooner or later. It's just that the time has not come yet."

As he spoke, Papa Lee pointed at his family's landline, "You see, hasn't our family's landline been installed for several years?

Now it's time for phones to be installed. "

Li Mu couldn't help but look at his father in a different light. Not only did he have foresight, but his foresight was also very accurate. The era of everyone having a phone would come in a few years.

When Li Ma heard this, she didn't say anything else. She just muttered, "I heard that the phone charges are very fraudulent. It's fine if you charge for making calls, but you also charge for answering calls. It's so annoying."

"Then you should use it sparingly."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "If there's nothing important, try not to make a phone call. But if there's really something that needs to be done, or if you want to find someone else, you can't be stingy, can you?

Or if it's something important, isn't it just a few cents a minute to make a phone call? "

"That's true."

Li Ma stopped muttering. Instead, she picked up the phone with great interest and said to Li Mu, "Son, teach me how to use it."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You two haven't chosen a number yet. Number 1, 2, and 3. As the lowest one, I consciously chose number 3. Who should I give number 1 to?"

"To your father (to your mother)."

The two of them modestly gave way to each other at the same time.

Li Mu said, "Then Dad should use number 1. After all, he is the head of our household in the household register."

His mother had no objection. "Then I'll use number 2."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Chief 1 and Chief 2 are both chiefs."

"Go and pour a cup of tea for Chief 2!"

"Yes, sir."

"Chief 2, can I report something to you?"

"Go ahead."

"I have to get up at four o 'clock tomorrow morning. If I accidentally disturb your sleep, don't be angry and don't worry about me. Go back to sleep."

Li Ma asked in surprise, "Get up at four o 'clock? Where do you want to go?

At that time, there are no stalls selling breakfast. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "I have to do something. Didn't I tell you that I'm trying to sell some things on the Internet?"

Li Ma looked curious. "Then you can surf the Internet at home. Why are you going out so early?"

"I'm going out to sell it. The money can't be directly transferred to my account from the Internet."

"You're so mysterious, as if you were a speculator in the past."

“

Papa Lee exclaimed. Gluttony was dead. He raised his head and said, "Honey, why do you ask so clearly? His songs can be sold for 80,000 yuan. He must know more about what's going on now than we do. As long as he knows what's going on, it's fine."

"Okay." Li Ma didn't ask more. She just said, "I'll get up early to cook for you."

"Forget it."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I'll go downstairs to buy a bucket of instant noodles. I'll leave after I eat it tomorrow morning."

"How can you do that? Instant noodles are not nutritious. I'll get up and cook for you."

"What can we do in the morning?"

"Noodles …"

"Well, I'd better go buy instant noodles …"

After Li Mu finished speaking, he got up and walked out of the door. Li Ma shook her head helplessly. After Li Mu went out, she said to Papa Lee, "Our son is really different from before."

"He's more sensible after the college entrance examination."

"Do you think our son can really apply to Renmin University?

I'm afraid that if he doesn't get in, how about we persuade him to apply to Jin Ling University?

That's also the main point. His score will be lower. "

"Let's not make decisions for him. Since he wants to apply to Renmin University, let's not talk too much. Let him make his own decision."

"Okay … If our son can really get the acceptance letter from Renmin University, you have to accompany me to the temple to thank the Buddha."