Chapter 1393

Li Mu didn't expect that the Wanying Gubeishui Town project could receive such high-level attention and support from the municipal party committee, which gave him more confidence and decided to push the project on track as soon as possible.

With the support of the Yan Jing municipal government, the loan problem was solved in an instant. The municipal government pulled the person in charge of the Bank of Yan Jing into the project team and personally asked the Bank of Yan Jing to be fully responsible for the loan business of the entire Wanying Gubeishui Town project. The interest rate given was much lower than what Li Mu and Wei Lan had expected. Most importantly, the municipal government was willing to be a loan guarantee for the project, which meant that Li Mu didn't need to constantly find a bank to leverage the project. With the endorsement and guarantee of the municipal government, he only needed to provide the start-up capital.

Later, the municipal government helped pull some strings and introduced the Huaqing Travel Service to the project.

The Huaqing Travel Service was also particularly interested in the project. After in-depth understanding, they immediately gave Wei Lan a promise: they approved the cooperation method of buying shares at a high premium, and they were willing to buy all the shares except the shares of Wanying Ziliu, but the minimum share could not be less than 25% of the total project. That was to say, the proportion of the whole project left to the Miyun County government was only 15%.

Although the proportion was a little low, the Miyun County government agreed without hesitation. They needed the economic boost that the project would bring to the local area. The proportion of the county government's capital contribution was not very high. It was enough as long as the county government participated in the project and avoided being a bystander.

Therefore, the three parties quickly negotiated and soon settled on the basis of cooperation: after the specific design plan was released and confirmed by the three parties, the three parties would immediately jointly invest 500 million yuan to establish the Gubeishui Town Tourism Co., Ltd. Wanying would hold 60% of the shares, the Huaqing Travel Service would hold 30%, and the Miyun County government would hold 10%. In terms of specific capital contribution, the latter two would bear a certain proportion of premium to reduce the actual capital contribution of Wanying. The final actual capital contribution was: Wanying would invest 200 million, Huaqing Travel Service 225 million, and the Miyun County government 75 million.

The Yan Jing municipal government signed a memorandum of understanding with Wanying Real Estate to support the construction and development of Gubeishui Town. After the Gubeishui Town Tourism Co., Ltd was officially established, the municipal government would guarantee a loan of 4.5 billion yuan to the Bank of Yan Jing for the whole project. Wanying and Huaqing Travel Service did not need to pledge the assets of the parent company.

In the next three years, the Bank of Yan Jing would pay a low-interest loan of 4.5 billion yuan to the Gubeishui Town Tourism Co., Ltd in three batches. The three-year payment ratio was 4: 4: 2. The project repayment would start in the fifth year of the project, and the repayment period would be 20 years.

This loan condition was absolutely extremely rare in the real estate industry. From this, it could be seen that the Yan Jing municipal government attached great importance to the tourism project. from Gubeishui Gubeishui Lin

All the negotiations were quickly settled in just two days. Wei Lan began to register the new company, and at the same time, she communicated the specific planning of the whole project with Huaqing Travel Service, Yan Jing Municipal Committee, and Miyun County Committee. Li Mu and Song Liang drank tea together and sighed at the smooth launch of the project, which was almost unprecedented.

Song Liang and Li Mu did not have any official background, unlike Chen Ze, who had been influenced by it. For Chen Ze, there were many projects strongly supported by the government, and many projects were more supported than the project in Gubeishui Town. However, for Song Liang and Li Mu, this time they really realized how great the benefits of developing together with the government were.

Song Liang exclaimed, "Investing 200 million yuan to start a big project of 5 billion yuan, and holding 60% of the shares. In the next few decades, the profit space will exceed 6 billion yuan. Such a project is simply too cost-effective. It's much better than investing 200 million yuan to start a real estate project. After all the costs and expenses are calculated, the profit in one or two years will be tens of millions or even 100 million yuan."

Li Mu said, "On the one hand, our project can really benefit the people. On the other hand, we also have to thank the Yan Jing municipal government's vision and support. If such a project is successful, making money is only part of it. More importantly, our corporate image will surpass all real estate developers and become the industry leader."

Song Liang asked Li Mu, "The nature of the film and television base project is not much different from that of Gubeishui Town, and its main service is the film and television cultural production industry. If we take this project to the Yan Jing municipal government, I believe they will give us more support."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "This … How should I put it? Our Gubeishui Town is turning waste into treasure. It's a ravine more than 100 kilometers away from the city. Without the packaging of a big project like ours, such land will not be famous in 10 or 20 years. The Yan Jing municipal government is naturally very willing, but the biggest problem with the film and television base project is that the land demand is too large, and it's all good land. If it's built in three to five phases, it's possible to develop a super film and television base covering nearly 100 square kilometers in the next ten years. I'm afraid that even if the Yan Jing municipal government wants to keep us, they won't be able to give us such a large piece of land."

Song Liang said, "100 square kilometers of land, Langfang and Wuqing in Tianjin are not a problem, but to be honest, if the film and television base is not in Yan Jing, the halo will definitely be reduced accordingly."

Li Mu said, "When the project plan is out, we will go to the three governments separately to talk. At that time, if Yan Jing really has a strong desire and can give the expected preferential policies, we can then suggest that the Yan Jing municipal government come forward to communicate with the Langfang and Wuqing governments and ask them to also take out a part of the land, and the three cities will jointly build this project."

"Good idea!"

Song Liang smiled, "If the three cities are jointly built, and the main body is attached to Yan Jing, then it will be great. It will take advantage of the right time and the right place."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "The film and television base project has a greater impact and significance than Gubei Shui Town. If the film and television base project is launched, Gubei Shui Town will become a part of the film and television base. If it runs smoothly, there is a possibility that it will be listed on the domestic main board in the future."

"Main board listing?" Song Liang was puzzled and asked, "What does main board mean?"

Li Mu smiled, "It's the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange."

"Is there anything else apart from them?"

"Of course."

Li Mu smiled, "Apart from the main board, there is also the small and medium-sized board. It's just that our country hasn't launched it yet. In fact, we were preparing to launch it two years ago, but it was delayed due to the impact of the Nasdaq stock crash. Some time ago, the news was still saying that the country has plans to launch the small and medium-sized board next year. At that time, small and medium-sized enterprises will have the opportunity to be listed. But this is not our goal, and none of our enterprises can be listed on the small and medium-sized board."

"A film and television base can also be listed on the main board?" Song Liang asked in astonishment.

Li Mu smiled, "The culture and entertainment industry will definitely develop rapidly in the next ten years. At that time, the film and television base will become a super card of the domestic culture and entertainment industry. It's significant, has a sufficient status, and can continue to generate profits. With such performance, is there any difficulty for us to be listed on the main board?"

Song Liang sighed, "Only you can think so far ahead. If it wasn't for the opportunity to cooperate with you, I might not be able to get a company listed even if you let me take root in Haizhou for 30 years."

Speaking of this, Song Liang asked Li Mu, "Then, do you think Wanying has a chance to be listed?"

Li Mu smiled, "Are you kidding me? Wanying will definitely be listed in the future. At least in three to seven years, and at most, we will be listed on the main board. Moreover, we will be listed in Hong Kong at that time."

"Hong Kong?" Song Liang asked, "Why Hong Kong?"

Li Mu said, "Because Wanying wants to go international. We can't be a company that only creates a bubble in the domestic real estate market. We need to have a bigger goal. For example, Wanying Plaza. Don't you want to build our Wanying Plaza in Hong Kong and other Southeast Asian countries in the future?"

Song Liang let out a long sigh and shook his head. "This goal is really far away, brother."

Li Mu said, "It will be very soon, brother. Look around you, look at this city, look at this country. Skyscrapers are rising at a speed visible to the naked eye, and cities are expanding in a radial manner. Whether it's the gross national product or per capita GDP, they will all soar at an astonishing speed. Our country, our cities, and our surroundings are all experiencing all kinds of miracles every day, and this naturally includes us! The so-called entrepreneurship isn't about doing some projects and making some small money.

Starting a business is not about starting some projects and making some money. It's about starting a business. Mu Ye Technology will be listed, Taobao Technology will be listed, and even Mu Ye Image and Alipay will be separated and listed separately. Wan Ying Real Estate will also be listed, and our film base will also be listed. We will personally deliver every business that we have put our blood, sweat, and tears into the capital market. This is our ultimate goal. This goal may seem distant, but look at Beijing's development. Look at our development over the past two years. Think about the day when you, as the Chairman of Wan Ying Group, ring the bell for China's Wan Ying to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. You will realize that the whole process happened in the blink of an eye. "

Song Liang was stunned for a while, then sighed, "Brother, no matter how unbelievable it is, when it comes from your mouth, I feel that it's 100% believable. Thank God for giving me the opportunity to work for you, I'm really lucky."

…

When the Wanying Gubei Water Town project was launched perfectly, Mr. Zombie was finally going to be released in North America!

Originally, the English name given to Mr. Zombie by Hong Kong Huanya meant "stiff," and "corpse" meant "corpse," which literally translates to "Mr. Stiff Corpse." Li Mu always felt that the literal English name was too awkward, as it looked no different from "good, good study, day up" …

In the West, the word "zombie" itself meant a corpse that was brought back from the dead by witchcraft, or a lifeless, numb person. Therefore, compared to "stiff corpse," which literally translated into "zombie," "zombie," "zombie" was obviously much more appropriate.

But it wasn't very appropriate either. The Chinese word "mister" wasn't just a form of address for a person's gender, it was also a form of respect for a teacher and authority. In Li Mu's opinion, the four words "Mr. Zombie" shouldn't be referring to a zombie, but the main character, Lin Zhengying. In other words, it should be referring to the zombie master, or the master of dealing with zombies. That was more appropriate for the theme.

Therefore, the English title was too lame and didn't convey the meaning of the movie, so Li Mu changed the movie's English name —

Zombie-Master, which literally meant "zombie master," or "master of zombies."