Chapter 166

The stuffed buns and all sorts of side dishes were very satisfying. Li Mu couldn't help but lament that he didn't have a bottle of iced beer. Otherwise, it would have been perfect.

Zhao Ziqiu still wanted to go downstairs to buy some beer for Li Mu. Li Mu finally stopped her and told her that she still wanted to witness 3321 make history after dinner. Seeing that there wasn't much time left, she shouldn't waste any more time.

Li Mu reminded Zhao Ziqiu several times before she finally gave up. She accompanied Li Mu for dinner and tidied up a little. By the time they finished eating, it was already eight o 'clock.

Li Mu hurriedly invited Zhao Ziqiu into one of the bedrooms that was used as a studio. Li Mu sat in front of the computer with Zhao Ziqiu sitting beside him. Her eyes were staring at the data on the monitor.

A few seconds before eight o 'clock, the server received nearly a hundred requests from users. More than a hundred users instantly sent their bidding intentions to the fifty or so students.

The college entrance examination's top scholars from various universities in Beijing became the focus of the students' parents. The price stopped at 15 yuan for a few seconds before it started to rise.

A student from Beijing University named Han Bowen, who was the top scholar of the college entrance examination in Liao Province, managed to get a bid of 30 yuan in five minutes. It was double the lowest price of 15 yuan per hour.

This time, Han Bowen put up 15 classes for a week. 30 yuan per hour, which was 450 yuan. This price was already very high, but it didn't stop the parents from bidding passionately.

Ten minutes later, Han Bowen's price had reached 45 yuan, which was three times the original price.

The other college entrance examination's top scholars' prices had also reached more than 40 yuan. There were also some popular majors from Beijing University and Tsinghua University. Although they didn't have the title of top scholar, their prices had also soared to around 25 yuan per hour.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at the constantly changing data and said in surprise, "3321 is indeed a genius project. The enthusiasm of the parents of the third-year students is too strong!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Now the parents' target of competition is these top students. As their prices rise higher and higher, many parents will settle for the next best thing. Compared with the bidding price these top students can get, I care more about the transaction ratio of these 1,500 certified students and their average transaction price."

At this moment, Han Bowen's price had already exceeded 50 yuan. Zhao Ziqiu counted with her fingers and her eyes widened. "If this Han Bowen is paid 50 yuan per hour, he can earn 750 yuan per week. Oh my god, he can easily earn 3,000 yuan per month!"

Li Mu nodded. 3,000 yuan per month was not a big deal. After all, Han Bowen was the most important student on 3321. It could be said that he was the best among all the freshmen in Yan Jing this year. It was not an exaggeration to say that such a top student could earn 300 or 400 yuan. There were many rich people in Yan Jing.

At nine o 'clock, there were fewer and fewer parents who were still competing for the top students. However, the parents who were still insisting on competing were quite competitive. In a short while, more than ten students with the highest importance were pushed to a high price of 70 to 80 yuan per class. Those who gave up also began to settle down and kept looking for students with a better price-performance ratio and less competition.

Apart from Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu, a considerable number of students in Yan Jing were paying attention to the situation on 3321 in front of the computer tonight. Some of them were students who were registered and certified on 3321. They were very concerned about their bids. There were also some students who had registered but failed to be certified in the first batch. There were also some students who were still observing. They all wanted to see how attractive 3321 was to the students' parents. They also wanted to see what kind of price the students on 3321 could get.

In the dormitories of various universities in Yan Jing, cheers could be heard from time to time, "Someone is bidding for me!"

If someone made a bid, it meant that someone was willing to hire them as a tutor, and they had at least recognized the salary standard of 15 yuan per hour. Therefore, as long as one person could make a bid first, it was a great thing for these students. And those students who successfully attracted more than two people to bid were even more excited, because every time they raised the price on 3321, it was no less than 1 yuan.

At ten o 'clock, the number of parents participating in the auction had reached more than 3,000 people. About 1,000 students had been bidding. This ratio made Li Mu's blood boil. It felt like Taobao was holding a double 11 event. Moreover, two-thirds of the goods in his store had been bought, and the users were still bidding.

After ten o 'clock, the fierce bidding gradually began to cool down. The top dozens of students with the highest importance were pushed to an average price of more than 100 yuan. Han Bowen's price was almost 150 yuan per hour. Not only Li Mu, but all the students who were paying attention to 3321 were shocked by this price.

However, the terrifyingly high price also greatly reduced the attractiveness of his bidding. The price basically didn't change anymore. At this time, the ordinary students who were ranked at the bottom began to attract more parents' attention, and a large number of parents' attention began to move down.

Not only were the students ranked at the bottom constantly raising the price, but even the students who hadn't been bidding before were constantly breaking the record.

Zhao Ziqiu had been by Li Mu's side, looking at the constantly refreshed data. She was amazed in her heart. Li Mu's data backstage was very complete. Not only could he see the current bidding situation of the students, but he could also see the overall market data. At present, there were more than 1,200 students who were bidding. The average price was 35 yuan per hour, and the average time of class on the shelf was 20 hours. Therefore, the total number of orders had reached 880,000 yuan. If these intended orders could be closed, then the auction of 3321 would have almost 900,000 yuan in sales. Zhao Ziqiu's family was in business. Although she didn't know much about business, she was very sensitive to numbers. A website that created 900,000 yuan in sales in two hours was simply terrifying!

But this was just the beginning.

There were still 14 hours left before the bidding deadline set by Li Mu. In these 14 hours, the total number of orders would rise to another level.

Kong Lingyu, who was far away in Jinling, was also shocked. Although he was preparing to leave for Yanjing tomorrow, the auction of 3321 was a big event. He had been closely watching the changes in the data. At present, it could be said that the e-commerce industry in China hadn't started yet. Almost 900,000 yuan in two hours, he also couldn't believe it.

Kong Lingyu called Li Mu and said excitedly as soon as he opened his mouth, "Boss, are we going to create a miracle?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "It's not a miracle, but it's definitely an unprecedented record."

Kong Lingyu said excitedly, "Considering the decline in the growth of the data, I estimate that the total number of orders will reach around 1.2 million by 12 o 'clock tomorrow."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think it will be even more, because there are still 300 students who haven't won the bidding, which means that there are now more than 3,000 parents competing for the top 1,200 students. On average, there are more than two parents competing for each student, so the price will continue to increase. Moreover, I think there will be more parents joining tomorrow. We have been promoting the parents for a total of five days, covering at least 10,000 to 20,000 parents, but now we still have a long way to go."

Kong Lingyu said, "Our flight will be at 10 o 'clock tomorrow morning, and it will be around 12 o' clock when we get off the plane. I hope that we can get a surprising number when we get off the plane."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I will charter a bus to pick you up at the airport tomorrow afternoon."

"No need, we can just take the airport bus."

"I've already contacted them. I've also booked a restaurant for you to welcome you."

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "Boss, since you are so particular, then I won't stand on ceremony with you!"

"Don't stand on ceremony." Li Mu said, "You should rest early today, we will see you tomorrow."

"Okay, see you tomorrow."

…

Just when Li Mu was excited about the perfect start of 3321, in the Yanjing TV Station Family Compound, 40-year-old Xie Tingfang was in front of the computer looking at a page of 3321 with a face full of annoyance. She muttered, "These people are crazy, a student from the Second Foreign University can be hyped up to 100 yuan an hour!"

Xie Tingfang's husband walked to the computer table with a cup of tea and handed it to her. He comforted, "Don't be too stubborn. Our daughter's grades aren't bad to begin with, and with the help of Beijing's local students, it won't be a problem for her to get into the No.2 University."

Xie Tingfang sighed and said, "It's not like you don't know about Duoduo's situation. She can only be ranked fifteenth in her class at most. If she doesn't fall in her third year of high school, it won't be a problem for her to get into the Second Foreign University. But it will be too difficult for her to choose a good major. She doesn't like the tutors we found for her, and her learning efficiency is too low. How can she get into the popular major of the Second Foreign University?"

Xie Tingfang and her husband, Xiao Jie, were both employees of the Yanjing TV Station. Her husband was the host of a sports program, while she was the director of a nightly news program. The media nowadays wasn't as high as in the future. Furthermore, they were in the Yanjing TV Station, which was shrouded by the powerful halo of CCTV. The entire TV Station wasn't too outstanding, not to mention that she was the director of an unpopular program. So they couldn't provide any help to their daughter, who was about to go to university. The only thing they could do was to help her improve her grades.

Their daughter, Xiao Duoduo, was 18 this year. She had just entered her third year of high school, and her grades were above average. It wouldn't be difficult for her to get into a key university, but it would be dangerous for her to get into the Second Foreign University, which was the best foreign language university in the country. Furthermore, she wanted to get into the best translation school in the Second Foreign University, and judging from her current grades, it would be difficult.

Although Xiao Duoduo was diligent in her studies, her biggest problem was that she was a little autistic, and she couldn't communicate well with the teachers. Regardless of whether it was the teachers in school or the tutors, she had difficulties in communicating with them. So her learning efficiency had always been low. Xie Tingfang happened to come across 3321 a few days ago, and after a brief understanding of it, she felt that it might be suitable for her daughter. When she went home and talked to her daughter, her daughter was also excited. She hoped to have a student who had just gotten into the Second Foreign University's translation school as her tutor.