Chapter 1623

While Central TV was actively preparing for the documentary, Li Mu took two days off to accompany William and Wendy around Yanjing.

Two days later, which was the third day after Wendy Gao Bai arrived in Hua Xia, Yanjing University's international student registration began. Wendy officially completed her registration at Yanjing University and became an overseas graduate student of Yanjing University's Graduate School.

Since the documentary still needed time to prepare, William could only continue to wait in Hua Xia. He could only leave after the donation was completed.

William had been missing his young and beautiful campus belle for a long time. Every day, he would spend an hour on the phone in the hotel. He even called Scotland to pour out his heart to Kate.

Li Mu deliberately asked Li Ziwei to ask the hotel for William's daily bills. After seeing the daily call records, he knew that it would be extremely difficult to get this guy to give up on his current relationship.

However, he had to do it even if it was as difficult as ascending to heaven. Anyway, this guy would have to wait at least a year before getting married, so he had plenty of time to slowly dig a hole.

When it was time for the donation ceremony and the documentary to start filming, Li Mu asked William to rest in the hotel for two days while he devoted himself to the research and development of the food delivery platform.

Since the mobile Internet era had not arrived yet, Li Mu decided to implement this product plan on the traditional PC Internet product architecture. Previously, Wei Lan had given Li Mu enough inspiration at Ziyun Villa. He had already figured out the logic and business model of the entire product. All that was left was for the technical staff to develop it.

The food delivery platform was classified as O2O, which meant online versus offline. However, in Li Mu's eyes, it was the same as Taobao. They were both traditional e-commerce, but its order circulation cycle was much faster than traditional online orders, and the range of goods circulation was also much smaller than traditional online orders.

However, at the end of the day, whether it was Taobao or Hungry, they were both doing online sales and offline delivery of goods. Moreover, the nature of small-scale Taobao sellers was almost the same as that of restaurants. Therefore, these two business models had the same origin.

In addition, these two business models relied on online payment channels and offline delivery support, so it was very suitable to develop together.

After comprehensive consideration, Li Mu decided to put this food delivery platform on Taobao. However, in terms of technical support, Fang Xudong, the technical expert of Makino Technology, would be in charge.

Therefore, Li Mu gathered the core technical team of Makino Technology, as well as the core members of Taobao Network and Taobao Logistics, and held a discussion called "Hungry".

Hungry Man was the name of Li Mu's food delivery platform. Although this platform had many problems in his previous life, Li Mu had to admit that the name of the product was really good. It perfectly matched the core service provided by the product.

It seemed that in the Hua Xia Internet industry, every field had an excellent product name. The best e-commerce brand name was Taobao, the best O2O brand name was Hungry, the best taxi service brand name was Didi, and the best travel service brand name was Where to Go.

Therefore, Li Mu was one step ahead of Boss Ma and got the Taobao domain name and brand. Now, he naturally wouldn't let go of the brand name "Hungry".

Before the meeting, no one knew what Li Mu was going to do and why he named this meeting "Hungry" discussion. Therefore, everyone was deeply curious when they attended the meeting.

After everyone had arrived, Li Mu looked at the three core executives, Lei Jianguo, Liu Shixiong, and Fang Xudong. He secretly thought that if Hungry was successful in the future, this huge product model would need a dedicated professional manager to go all out. But now, Fang Xudong was in charge of the overall technical development of the entire Makino Technology, Lei Jianguo was fully focused on running Taobao, and Liu Shixiong was focused on the construction of its own logistics and warehouse system. It was difficult for him to let any of them be in charge of new business. Therefore, while Hungry was developing the platform and building the offline delivery team, he had to find a person who was capable of making Hungry.

At the beginning of the meeting, Lei Jianguo held a cup of wolfberry tea and smiled at Li Mu. "Li Zong, it's been a long time since we last met, and you want to have a meeting with us. The topic of this meeting is also very strange. When Old Liu and I came here, we guessed that you must have some new product ideas. But we just can't figure out what the new product has to do with Hungry. When is Li Zong going to explain it to us?"

Li Mu smiled. "Mr. Lei, you really have a sharp eye. You can tell that I want to make a new product with just one look."

Lei Jianguo smiled. "Li Zong, if you only called me and Old Liu for a meeting, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to guess your intention. But since you called Xudong over, your intention is obvious!

There must be a new product that you want to develop. That's why you called Xudong over. "

Li Mu nodded his head and praised, "Mr. Lei is really observant. I'm impressed."

Lei Jianguo cupped his hands and said in broken Southern Mandarin, "It's just a small trick. It's not worth mentioning."

Liu Shixiong sighed. "When can the two of you stop praising each other so that we can talk business?"

Li Mu smiled. "It's necessary to praise each other in business. You praise me a little, and I praise you a little. Both of our business value will be raised. This is killing two birds with one stone. We have to continue doing this in the future."

After a few jokes, the atmosphere in the conference room became relaxed and cheerful. Li Mu then put away his joking side and said seriously, "Today, I called everyone here for this meeting with the theme 'Hungry?'. The main reason is to discuss a new product idea. The name of this product is' Hungry? '"

Everyone looked at each other. Still, no one could figure out what kind of product would choose such a strange name as "Hungry Man".

Li Mu continued, "First, we have to start our discussion from the nature of human nature. I have always believed that human nature is neither evil nor good. There are only two sources of human nature. One is greed, and the other is laziness. Greed pushes the development of an individual, while laziness pushes the development of society as a whole."

At this point, Li Mu continued, "I think that the only driving force for homo sapiens to use tools is human laziness. The root cause of the two industrial revolutions is the greed of the capitalists. Most of the tools and products invented by humans are due to their laziness. Are you hungry? This is a business model that was created to counter human laziness."

Everyone was confused. They could only look at Li Mu without saying a word, looking forward to his more detailed explanation.

Li Mu paused and then said, "Everyone here has grown up step by step from the stage of white-collar workers. Think back to your career as a white-collar worker. Isn't eating a problem that has always troubled you? For example, you are in a rush in the morning, so you don't have time to buy breakfast. At noon, you face problems such as what to eat, where to eat, how far to walk, and how long to wait. Finally, you get through a week of work. On the weekends, you just want to stay at home, but the biggest problem that prevents you from staying at home is what to eat, where to eat, how far to walk, and how long to wait …"

When Li Mu said this, everyone nodded. Even the executives were facing such problems. Makino Technology and Taobao did not really have their own office base in China, so they did not provide a staff cafeteria for the time being. Although the company gave the staff meal allowances every day, the problems of what to eat, where to eat, how far to walk, and how long to wait were still troubling them.

Li Mu said with a smile, "Every company's lunch break is not long. When employees go out for lunch, it takes a long time just to wait for the elevator. Moreover, due to the short time and limited energy, it is impossible to walk far to have lunch. They can only eat within a radius of about one kilometer from the office building. At noon, all the people in the building will swarm out. The extremely concentrated flow of people will make all the nearby restaurants full. Even the fastest restaurant, Shaxian Snacks, has to wait in line. It seems that these restaurants only do business for more than an hour at noon a day."

Everyone nodded in agreement. This kind of life was a daily life that had to be experienced every working day.

Li Mu continued, "Finally, it is my turn, but half of the time has passed. I can only order in a hurry and finish my meal. After finishing my meal, it is almost time to go back to work. So I can only quickly pay the bill and leave, then rejoin the huge flow of people."

"When you go back to the office building, you will find that the entire office building is crowded in the lobby at this time, waiting for the elevator. You have to wait at least a few times before you can squeeze into the elevator, and every elevator going up is full of people. It is filled with the pungent smell of chives, garlic, pepper, and other ingredients. Moreover, the elevator almost stops on every floor. This rhythm of stopping and moving makes people who have just eaten very uncomfortable. It is okay for those on the lower floors, they can choose to climb the stairs, but for those on the higher floors, they can only silently endure it."

Speaking up to this point, everyone had a look of empathy. They did not understand how Li Mu, an amazing person who walked in front of everyone when he just started his business, had such a precise understanding of the life of a poor white-collar worker. No one knew that Li Mu had quietly worked in Zhongguancun, a place where coding farmers gathered, for more than ten years.

At this time, Li Mu sighed and said, "The difficulty of eating is only one of the aspects. In addition, I have consulted some seniors who have worked in Zhongguancun for many years. They told me that sometimes, after working in a company for more than two or three years, the most frustrating thing is not the position that has never been promoted, nor the salary that has never been increased, but the restaurants around the company!

Under normal circumstances, after you have selected the restaurants around the company, there are usually no more than ten restaurants that you think are still edible. Then, you will spend at least 200 working days in these ten restaurants every year. "