Chapter 1236

The Chief of Staff of the White House knew very well that since Kerry had already arrived in Los Angeles and was in the same hotel as Li Mu, it was basically impossible to stop him from meeting with Li Mu. If he sent someone or rushed over himself to meet with Li Mu on behalf of the president, he would inevitably be behind Kerry, so it would be too late.

In his opinion, the only way now was to find a way to shorten the meeting time between the two. Letting Li Mu's plane take off earlier was a very good solution.

According to his analysis, Li Mu did not really want to meet Kerry, or rather, he was not very interested in Kerry. Otherwise, he would not have compressed the time so quickly and only left a window of more than an hour for Kerry. Therefore, in this case, as long as it brought a sense of urgency to Li Mu's schedule, he would definitely choose to shorten the meeting time with Kerry.

To be on the safe side, the Chief of Staff decided to let Li Mu's plane take off earlier, and then gave him a signal to either take off earlier or delay it by at least one day, forcing him to fly away earlier.

If Li Mu took off earlier, the time between him and Kerry might be compressed to only ten minutes or even less. In such a short time, it would be difficult for Kerry to reach a deep cooperation with Li Mu. In this case, as soon as Li Mu flew back to Hua Xia from Los Angeles, he would send someone to secretly fly to Hua Xia from Washington. In this way, his side could catch up with Kerry and go to Hua Xia to meet Li Mu.

If Li Mu did not fly today, then he would immediately leave for Los Angeles. Even if Kerry met Li Mu first, it did not matter. He would talk to Li Mu on behalf of the president. After all, there would be a way to attract Li Mu.

Li Mu had just finished his discussion with the main crew and the Flying Tigers. He was discussing Kerry with Wei Lan in the lounge next door. Li Mu said, "Kerry is upstairs now. I promised Spielberg to meet him. We'll talk for about an hour. Do you want to meet him with me later?"

Wei Lan said, "Such an important person came all the way here to see you. Isn't it inappropriate for me to get involved?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "There's nothing inappropriate about it. He's the one who needs my help, not the other way around. Even if he wants to run for president, it has nothing to do with us. Besides, he's the one with the least chance of winning."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Then I'll be your personal assistant and serve you tea."

As they were talking, Li Ziwei knocked on the door and came in. Seeing that Li Mu was together with Wei Lan, she closed the door and said, "Li Zong, Sister Wei, the captain just called and said that the airport informed him that there would be a flow control tonight. The airport gave us two choices. We can either take off at seven o 'clock today, or we can take off at eight thirty tomorrow night."

Li Mu frowned and asked subconsciously, "Does the United States also have flow control?"

Hua Xia often had flow control, and Li Mu was already used to it in his previous life. However, he had rarely heard of American airports having flow control. Moreover, the flow control would last until tomorrow night. This was really a little ridiculous.

Li Ziwei said, "The captain doesn't really understand, but this is a request from the airport. Maybe it's because we're a business jet, and the route resources have to give way to civilian airliners, so he asked me to ask you what you think. If you want to fly today, then you should be ready to go to the airport now. If you want to fly tomorrow, then I'll arrange for you to stay."

Li Mu said, "Tell the captain that I'll give him a final answer at five thirty. Let him ask if there's still time."

"Okay." Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Li Zong, Sister Wei, you guys talk first. I'll be going out."

As soon as Li Ziwei left, Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "Suddenly having a flow control at this time doesn't seem normal."

Li Mu said, "Yeah, suddenly having a flow control. Could it be that a big shot is coming to Los Angeles?

But this doesn't make sense. No matter how big the shot is, it's impossible to have a flow control until tomorrow. "

Wei Lan speculated, "I have a feeling that this flow control is coming for you."

"Is that so?"

Li Mu only felt that the flow control was strange, but he didn't think that it was him. After all, he didn't think that the flow control of American airports had anything to do with him.

Wei Lan said, "Look, first of all, it's suddenly having a flow control, and for so long at once. This in itself is extremely abnormal. There must be something wrong when something is abnormal. I think there's something behind this."

Li Mu nodded. "Makes sense."

Wei Lan continued, "You have to meet Kerry at five o 'clock. Now there are only ten minutes left, and suddenly the flow control wants you to take off at seven. That's basically forcing you to hurry up and get ready to go to the airport."

Li Mu nodded again and said, "You mean that someone doesn't want me to meet Kerry, or doesn't want me to have a deep conversation with Kerry?"

"That's right."

Wei Lan analyzed. "If you decide to take off at seven, you won't be able to talk to Kerry about anything important in the little time you have left. If Kerry wants you to support his campaign, such a big matter will be very difficult to resolve in a very short period of time. There are basic rules for big matters, just like how a large portion of food will take a long time to finish eating. Once there isn't enough time, the problem can't be resolved."

Li Mu frowned and thought for a moment, then asked her, "Is the White House stopping me from meeting Kerry?"

"It should be."

Wei Lan said, "Only they have this motive, and also only they have the ability to figure out Kerry's whereabouts."

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. "This is a bit big. It seems like they're really worried that I'll get involved."

Wei Lan nodded and said with a smile, "That must be it. The Bush administration is more likely to be re-elected, so they don't necessarily want to cooperate with you, but they definitely don't want to see you cooperate with Kerry. Stopping you from meeting Kerry, or as much as possible reducing the possibility of the two of you reaching a cooperation today, should be their most urgent goal."

Li Mu shrugged and said, "Since they want me to leave, then let's not leave today. I want to have a long talk with Kerry tonight and see how they react."

"Don't!"

Wei Lan hurriedly stopped him. "Don't provoke the White House at this time, and don't let the White House feel your hostility. Otherwise, if you really get targeted, it will definitely bring trouble."

Li Mu asked Wei Lan, "What do you think is the best way to do it now?"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "The best way is to strike both sides. The White House is afraid that you and Kerry will show too much affection. Since that's the case, you might as well show that you don't care about Kerry. So we'll take off at seven on time, but you can still buy ten to twenty minutes to meet with Kerry. Even if you can't reach some kind of cooperation with Kerry during this time, it's enough to show goodwill. You can show goodwill to Kerry when you talk to him in private, and then you can leave a more private contact information, such as a YY account, so he can apply for a secondary account to add you. Let him feel your sincerity. It's just that you have a reason for this, so you have to leave as soon as possible. This way, you can also give Kerry enough hope."