Chapter 592

Mo Wenwei's agent thought that she didn't know about "Happy Camp", but she didn't expect that Mo Wenwei would be even more excited than her when she heard the news. She exclaimed and asked her impatiently, "Did you accept it?

Did you accept it? "

"Of course I'm going to accept it!" The agent smiled and said, "I'd be crazy if I didn't accept it!

I didn't even have time to discuss with you before I made the decision to accept it. I've even set the recording time with them. We'll go to Xiangdu at the beginning of July. "

Mo Wenwei calculated the time and realized that it wasn't long, so she immediately said, "Then arrange the itinerary. We'll go to Beijing first before going to Xiangdu!"

"Beijing?"

"Yes!"

"What are we going to do in Beijing?"

"To thank Li Mu in person, of course!

He helped me so much. Shouldn't I go to the mainland to thank him first? "

"You're right!

You're right!

I've neglected it!

Then I'll arrange the time and we'll go to Beijing first! "

Mo Wenwei said hurriedly, "Help me clear my schedule for the next few days. I'll call my brother later. He's going to the mainland in a few days, and his first stop is also Beijing. If the time is right, I'll go with him."

"Okay!"

Mo Wenwei looked at the time after hanging up the phone. It was nine o 'clock in the evening, and Li Mu shouldn't be asleep yet, so she quickly called Li Mu.

Mo Wenwei's gratitude towards Li Mu couldn't be described with words after she had changed so much in just one day. She called him mainly to thank Li Mu and set an approximate time with Li Mu to tell him that she was going to Beijing to visit him.

Li Mu was a little surprised when he heard the news. He thought that Mo Wenwei was calling him to thank him, so he said a few polite words and told her that she didn't need to be so polite, and that she didn't need to come to Beijing to thank him. But then Mo Wenwei told him the truth. She accepted the invitation of "Happy Camp" and wanted to visit Yanjing while she was in the mainland.

Li Mu was very curious. He didn't expect that Happy Camp would invite Mo Wenwei so soon. She was in such a hurry to join in the fun, which was not the style of an ace show. After a moment of curiosity, he immediately guessed that it must be Chen Wan who promoted it secretly.

Therefore, he didn't continue to be polite with Mo Wenwei. Since she wanted to come to Yan Jing, he had to seize the opportunity to make use of it. At that time, he would make a news that Mo Wenwei was a guest on Taobao, which would make Taobao a little more popular.

After saying good night to Mo Wenwei on the phone, Li Mu quickly called Chen Wan. He hadn't seen Chen Wan for a long time, and he didn't even know where she was now. Was she in Xiangdu or Beijing?

Chen Wan just took a shower and was in a particularly good mood when she received Li Mu's call. She asked him with a smile, "Oh, busy man, why did you call me?"

Li Mu wanted to say, "Don't make trouble, sister," but before he said the word "sister", he remembered that he had promised Chen Wan last time that he wouldn't call her sister anymore. So he smiled and teased, "I called to ask if the beauty is asleep."

"No." Chen Wan giggled and said, "I just took a shower. What about you?"

Li Mu said, "I just sent Du Wei home. She's recording a new song these days."

Chen Wan said, "You really care about Du Wei. You always think about her."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Actually, I want to make her a shining business card of Makino Image. Many ideas in the entertainment field will be realized by her in the future."

Li Mu was telling the truth. Whether it was a movie, a variety show, or a reality show in the future, the resources of top stars were indispensable. He wanted to attract artists and make an impact in the industry. Not only did he have to produce great works, but he also had to promote great artists. If Du Wei could become a new generation of little stars, it would be much more convenient for Makino Image to do anything in the future, let alone sign artists. What's more, Li Mu liked Du Wei very much. He really cared for her like a sister.

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Of course I understand your plan. I understand it 100%."

Li Mu said with a smile, "So you help me secretly, right?"

Chen Wan asked him curiously, "I help you secretly?

What help? "

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Wasn't it your idea to invite Mo Wenwei to participate in Happy Camp?"

Chen Wan didn't hide it. She said, "It was my idea. I completely followed your rhythm. When I saw you pushing her, I wanted to help you through Happy Camp."

Li Mu was touched. He said with a smile, "I knew it!

You are the best to me! "

Chen Wan was a little shy on the other side of the phone. She said, "It's good that you know."

Li Mu asked her, "Where are you now?"

"In Yan Jing."

Li Mu asked, "When did you come back?"

"The day before yesterday."

Li Mu said, "Then you should stay in Yan Jing for a few more days, right?

I'll treat you to dinner after I finish my work. "

"But I'm hungry now."

"Now?" Li Mu looked at the time and asked her, "Do you want to come out to eat?

I'll pick you up if you want. "

Chen Wan said, "I just took a shower. It's still hot outside. I won't go out, or I'll have to take a shower again. Why don't you buy some food and bring it over?"

Li Mu agreed without thinking and said, "What do you want to eat?

I'll go buy it. "

"You can buy some spicy crayfish. Oh, and buy me a bottle of Coke, Coke."

"Okay." Li Mu said, "The delicious spicy crayfish is a bit far. Wait for me for a while."

"Okay, no hurry. Be careful when you drive."

…

Li Mu went to Gui Street and bought a large portion of spicy crayfish. Then he rushed to Chen Wan's house and bought a large bottle of Coke at the supermarket downstairs. Then he went upstairs with the crayfish and Coke.

Having not seen Chen Wan for a period of time, Li Mu had even forgotten that she was now a nationally renowned beauty host. Subconsciously, he still regarded Chen Wan as an elder sister who cared for him very much, as well as a completely trustworthy friend.

With a cheerful mood, he went upstairs and pressed the doorbell of Chen Wan's house. A moment later, Chen Wan, who was wearing a loose long t-shirt, opened the door and said to Li Mu happily, "Come in quickly, I'm starving to death!"

Li Mu nodded. Just as he stepped into the house, he accidentally saw the two faint bulges on Chen Wan's shirt. With just a glance or two, Li Mu hurriedly turned his head to look elsewhere. His heart involuntarily sped up and he asked Chen Wan with a bit of awkwardness, "Where are we eating?"

"Restaurant, restaurant."

Chen Wan pointed to the dining table not far away and said to Li Mu, "Put it on the table first. I'll open it first. You go wash your hands."

Li Mu hurriedly put the things on the dining table and turned to go to the bathroom. As he brushed shoulders with Chen Wan, he couldn't help but look at her chest again. Chen Wan's large T-shirt wasn't empty inside. Through the T-shirt, he could see that she was wearing a camisole. However, the camisole and T-shirt were a bit thin, and the T-shirt was white, so there was a faint bulge. Li Mu secretly said to himself, warning himself not to look at indecent things. However, after brushing shoulders with her, he still couldn't help but turn his head to look again. This time, he discovered that through the thin white T-shirt, he could clearly see the style and color of Chen Wan's underwear, and even the small lace edges.

Feeling guilty, Li Mu hurriedly turned his head and rushed into the bathroom. Because Chen Wan had just taken a shower, the bathroom was a bit hot and wet. Once he entered, he wasn't used to it. He wanted to quickly wash his hands and go out to eat spicy crayfish, but when he raised his head, his heartbeat sped up quite a bit.

In the corner of the bathroom, there was a multi-purpose metal shelf. On the top was a bath towel and a towel, and on the bottom was a set of pink and purple underwear that was still dripping with water. Whether it was the design or the workmanship, this set of underwear was quite exquisite. For a man, its lethality was indeed extraordinary.

Li Mu firmly believed that everyone hid a demon in their heart, and that demon was their true self. However, in order to adapt to the survival of society, people learned how to hide and suppress the demon in their hearts. However, sometimes, the evil thoughts that burst out of the demon couldn't be suppressed no matter how hard he tried. For example, when he saw this set of underwear, although he tried his best to tell himself not to look at it and not to let his thoughts run wild, his mind couldn't help but think about how Chen Wan looked when she wore this set of underwear. The demon even forced him to reach out and touch the material of the underwear.

Li Mu couldn't control those evil thoughts, but at least he could control his actions. He hurriedly lowered his head and stopped looking at the set of pink and purple underwear that could be called a work of art. Instead, he turned on the mixer valve of the bathroom and picked up the soap to wash his hands. However, the demon in his mind was still getting worse. Scenes that made him feel ashamed repeatedly appeared in his mind, and it actually made his body produce the most primitive impulse. Li Mu hurriedly splashed his face with cold water, looked down, and sighed. He secretly warned himself, "At this time, I must be calm. I can't make a fool out of myself."

But he really didn't have the strength to do so.

Li Mu suddenly became embarrassed. No matter what, he couldn't just go out like this. He didn't wear much in the summer, and this was too obvious. Moreover, Chen Wan was wearing so little outside, it was easy for people's imagination to run wild. What if it became even worse …

Li Mu couldn't control his body's impulse, and his face turned red. He couldn't help but close his eyes and lean his head against the mirror, trying his best to think of other things to distract himself.

Chen Wan opened the bag of crayfish, opened the packing boxes, and poured the iced Coke into two glasses. When she was ready to eat, she realized that Li Mu hadn't come out yet. She couldn't help but ask, "You still haven't washed your hands?

Hurry up and start eating! "

Li Mu, who had just shifted his attention to other things and had gotten a little better, heard Chen Wan's voice at this moment, and all his previous efforts were wasted …