Chapter 1029

While many students were talking about Su Yingxue, Su Yingxue followed Jenny Simpson all the way to her office.

There were a total of six teachers working in Jenny Simpson's office, and all six of them were foreign professors from all over the world. At this moment, the other foreign teachers in the office had not returned yet. Jenny Simpson invited Su Yingxue to sit down at her desk, then looked at her with a smile and asked, "Yingxue, do you know why I'm looking for you?"

Su Yingxue shook her head carefully and said in English, "I'm sorry, Ms. Simpson, I don't know."

A mysterious smile appeared on Jenny Simpson's face. She looked at her and said word by word, "Congratulations, you will be one of the exchange students between Renmin University and Harvard Business School. You will represent Renmin University to go to Harvard and participate in the six-month academic exchange!"

Su Yingxue was stunned. She looked at Jenny Simpson in disbelief. Seeing that she did not seem to be joking with her at all, she subconsciously asked in English, "Why-Me?"

Why me?

Jenny Simpson said with a smile, "To be honest, Yingxue, you are my favorite student in the National People's Congress. I like your focus in class, your calmness at all times, and your standard pronunciation. I know you have always had the desire to come to the United States to further your studies, so I think you are the most deserving of the opportunity to go to the United States as an exchange student."

Su Yingxue did not expect Jenny Simpson to think so highly of her.

Although she really liked her classes and paid great attention to learning and practicing English, she could not believe that Jenny Simpson would give her the only place she had. Moreover, there were rumors that the place in her hands was worth millions.

Just as Su Yingxue was stunned for a moment and didn't know how to respond, Jenny Simpson continued, "Harvard is my alma mater. I got my bachelor's degree and MBA from Harvard. It is the university with the highest comprehensive ranking in the world and the strongest comprehensive strength. It also has the best business school in the world. If you want to be admitted to Harvard's MBA in the future, you must seize this opportunity. The half-year exchange experience will improve your understanding of Harvard in all aspects and increase your chances of being admitted to Harvard's MBA program in the future."

After saying that, Jenny Simpson added, "Ying Xue, although you're only a sophomore, I still have the obligation to give you a relatively objective suggestion for your future. This time, when you go to Harvard, I will introduce my supervisor to you. She is one of the best supervisors for MBA students at Harvard. With my recommendation, you can get to know each other in advance. In the future, when you take the MBA exam, you can directly choose her as your supervisor. This will be of great help to you in the future."

"With the experience of being an exchange student this time and building a good relationship with the MBA tutor in advance, your chances of being admitted to Harvard MBA in the future will be doubled. When you get your MBA degree from Harvard, you will basically have the ability to enter any multinational company. At that time, you can choose to stay in the United States and work on Wall Street; you can also choose a multinational company and be sent back to Beijing to work; or you can directly return to China to find a job in an excellent domestic company. In short, at that time, your life will change greatly. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!"

Su Yingxue did not say a word, but she could not help but be fascinated by Harvard.

Studying in the United States had been her dream for many years. In the past, this dream was like a child's dream, full of child's play. However, as she was admitted to the National People's Congress, the possibility of studying abroad had become more and more likely. However, even in Su Yingxue's fantasy, she rarely dared to imagine that she could be admitted to Harvard Business School for an MBA.

However, right now, a great opportunity had fallen from the sky. It allowed her to go to Harvard Business School for a six-month exchange experience. This was definitely a dream-like start. If, as Jenny Simpson said, she could also introduce her to an MBA supervisor, it would be perfect.

For Su Yingxue, there was basically no way to refuse what Jenny Simpson said. However, there was only one knot in her heart that made her feel entangled, and that knot was Li Mu.

Since Li Mu completely stopped attending classes at the National People's Congress, the time and emotional communication between the two had become less and less. Su Yingxue understood that as a genius entrepreneur who attracted national attention, Li Mu was bound to be particularly busy and hard working in charge of two Internet empires. However, deep in her heart, there had always been a deep worry and inferiority complex.

In Su Yingxue's character and subconscious, she was more inclined to the other side of her feelings. In terms of ability, she was on the same level as her, or even slightly inferior to her. Just like when she first liked Li Mu, Li Mu's academic performance was always a lot worse than hers. In this case, when she faced him, her mentality was more natural.

However, after attending the National People's Congress, Li Mu's ability rose rapidly like a rocket, and he had long left her far behind. Under such circumstances, the sense of inferiority in Su Yingxue's heart had continued to deepen from the moment it was born, and it had never faded.

Because of this sense of inferiority, Su Yingxue separated more time from her studies and used it in private to study the Internet, Li Mu's enterprises and products, and the various problems that Li Mu's enterprises might face. However, this was far from enough. Deep in Su Yingxue's heart, she was also very eager to have an opportunity to catch up with Li Mu's pace, and this exchange student was an excellent opportunity.

However, although the opportunity was exceptionally rare, Su Yingxue also understood in her heart that once she accepted this opportunity, it meant that she would have to leave Li Mu for at least half a year. Half a year's time was not long, but it was not short either. However, for a fast-paced person like Li Mu, perhaps half a year's time could turn the sea into mulberry fields.

Su Yingxue was also faintly worried that if she left Yanjing, her relationship with Li Mu and her feelings would fall into the abyss because of this.

If she stayed in Yanjing, even if she rarely met with Li Mu, she would still be Li Mu's girlfriend and live in the same city as him. To put it in a more hypocritical way, even if they were not together all the time, they would always know that he was not far away from them. Everyone went to sleep at about the same time and woke up at the same time. Even if they wanted to see each other, they could not escape the two-hour car ride after all.

However, if she went to the United States, the two of them were not only separated by the ocean, but also separated by almost twelve hours. The distance in their hearts would inevitably be widened by the distance in reality. When she woke up and prepared to start a new day, he might have already finished a day of work and was tired and ready to rest. When she prepared to rest, he might have just started a day of fulfilling life. The situation had changed, and everything could change.

However, there was one thing that Su Yingxue was very clear about in her heart. If she really wanted to follow in Li Mu's footsteps, relieve the sense of inferiority in her heart, and really solve problems for Li Mu, then this exchange student quota was indeed a good opportunity to kill many birds with one stone. If she missed this opportunity, it would be extremely difficult for her to achieve this goal in the future.

In the long run, Su Yingxue felt that how far her relationship with Li Mu could go depended to a large extent on what kind of role she could play by Li Mu's side. If she was purely a girlfriend, she might not be as gentle and virtuous as those girls from humble families. Moreover, for Li Mu, he definitely did not really need a girlfriend who was just a pretty face by his side. For him, a partner who could help him in his career and had more in common with him was probably the most suitable and the most long-term partner for him.

Therefore, based on this judgment, Su Yingxue felt that she should seize this opportunity to go to the United States and go to Harvard. In the next six months, she would work hard to broaden her horizons at Harvard, absorb nutrients, let herself grow quickly, and lay a solid foundation for the next stage of growth.

At this time, Jenny Simpson saw the struggle in her heart. She smiled and said, "Ying Xue, it's only six months. If you live your life step by step, there won't be any earth-shattering changes in half a year. But if you use this half a year to grow quickly, no one knows how much change you can make in half a year."

Su Yingxue bit her lower lip, a conflicted expression on her face, but she still nodded subconsciously.

Jenny Simpson continued, "If you're worried about that amazing boyfriend of yours, I don't think there's a need at all. His business is now developing very well in the United States, and everyone can see that he has now begun to shift his vision and energy to the overseas market. In this case, he will definitely go to the United States frequently in the future. At that time, there should be a lot of opportunities for you to meet."

Up until now, Jenny Simpson still did not know why her alma mater, Harvard University, had asked her to persuade Su Yingxue to go to the United States. However, Jenny Simpson was not a fool. It was impossible for Harvard University to suddenly pay attention to Hua Xia. Since an ordinary student in a university had paid attention to Su Yingxue, there must be someone secretly pushing for it.

She guessed that the person secretly pushing for it was probably Li Mu himself. Perhaps Li Mu wanted to create a better opportunity for Su Yingxue, but he did not want to do it too obviously. Therefore, he took such a big detour in order to send Su Yingxue to the United States in advance to study.

Jenny Simpson was 80% sure of her deduction because she had been communicating with her classmates in the United States. Knowing that she was teaching at the National People's Congress, everyone's common topic would always be the legendary young man Li Mu of the National People's Congress. The development of Makino Technology in the United States was already well-known. Therefore, Jenny Simpson felt that Li Mu was probably thinking that he would also go to the United States frequently in the future, so he was considerate enough to get his girlfriend to go to the United States from Hua Xia first.

Su Yingxue did not associate the person behind this matter with Li Mu. She just felt that Jenny Simpson's words were very reasonable. Li Mu was bound to go to the United States frequently in the future. If she also happened to go to the United States during this period of time as an exchange student, perhaps the two of them would have a better opportunity to cultivate their relationship in a foreign country.