Chapter 614

Hearing that Li Mu had thought of a very good business model for the Seedling Protection Foundation, Xiao Fangfang was pleasantly surprised.

33??

She asked, "Ah?

Is it true?

Mr. Lee, can you tell me about it first? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "President Xiao, this is what I'm thinking. Don't you want to hold a charity auction? Ordinary auctions have at most a few hundred people participating in the auction. Not to mention the small scale, many things can't be sold at a good price, or even be left unsold. If it's a charity auction for a long time, the effect will only get worse and worse. Don't you think so?"

Xiao Fangfang said, "You're right. That's the case. Putting today's exception aside, the charity auction is getting harder and harder …"

Li Mu continued, "In fact, I think you should know that most of the time, they are not willing to participate in charity auctions frequently. Today, they took the initiative to look for you because the impact of today's matter is too big. Moreover, you and the four ambassadors of the Seedling Protection Foundation appeared on TV together. The video that day also happened at the Seedling Protection Foundation's banquet. The reputation of the Seedling Protection Foundation will also be greatly improved, so I feel that they took the initiative to look for you because of the influence. What do you think?"

Xiao Fangfang sighed and said, "How could I not know? In the past, celebrities had to rely on their faces to donate something. Even if they agreed, they were more and more unwilling to invest. Now they are taking the initiative to contact me. It must be because today's matter is too popular. When the next charity auction comes, I'm afraid it will be impossible to find them again."

As she said that, Xiao Fangfang laughed and said, "But this is also good. At least this time, they are actively participating, and the charity auction can sell more charity funds."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Actually, these celebrities are not to be blamed. It's just that the Seedling Protection Foundation has not found a win-win cooperation with them."

Xiao Fangfang asked, "Mr. Lee, do you already have a solution?

If you do, please tell me quickly. I really want to know … "

Li Mu said, "President Xiao, what I mean is that we might as well not hold the charity auction in Hong Kong."

Xiao Fangfang could not help but ask, "You mean to do it in the mainland?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'm bringing it to the mainland to do it, but to be precise, I'm bringing it to the mainland's internet to do it."

"Internet?

An online charity auction? "

"That's right," Li Mu said, "You should have heard of the website I created called Taobao, right?"

"Of course, of course!"

Xiao Fangfang exclaimed and said, "Karen's album seems to have sold 500,000 copies on Taobao. People in the Hong Kong pop music circle have been talking about your Taobao website these days. It's really amazing!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't dare to say that it's amazing. Speaking of the Seedling Protection Foundation's charity auction, I can open a charity auction page on my Taobao website. At that time, all the items donated by the celebrities will be auctioned on Taobao website. Then, I will use YY to promote the online auction. To be honest, there are more than a billion people in the mainland, and the number of star-chasers is many times higher than in Hong Kong.

Moreover, the online auction will not be like the real auction, where each item only has a few minutes of bidding time. If we do it online, I can set the bidding time for all the items to three days. The longer the bidding time, the more possibilities there will be. So, in general, I believe that if the celebrities' items are auctioned on Taobao website, the final price will definitely be much higher than in Hong Kong. The total amount of money that the Seedling Protection Foundation can get will also be greatly increased. "

"Increasing the total amount of money for the charity auction is only one of the points. More importantly, we have to get the celebrities to voluntarily and actively participate in the charity auction. How can we get them to do that?

In fact, it's very simple. When they donate, they will get a corresponding reward. What they want most is nothing more than fame and exposure. It just so happens that the YY and Taobao websites in my hands have a lot of traffic. When the time comes, I will promote this charity auction. Not only will it promote the event itself, but it will also have a great effect on the celebrities who have donated their items. It will greatly increase their exposure on the mainland's Internet. In this way, I think the celebrities themselves will be very happy to participate. We can achieve a win-win situation with the celebrities. Only a win-win situation can be considered healthy and long-term! "

There was one more point that Li Mu did not mention. If Taobao website could win the Seedling Protection Foundation's charity auction and attract a large number of celebrities to participate, it would greatly increase the brand awareness of Taobao website.

Ever since Taobao website obtained the authorization from almost all the recording companies and obtained the video advertisements of hundreds of singers, the number of sellers, the number of new registered users, the number of orders, and other key data on Taobao website had been rising. It could be said that it had been raised to a new level. This was the effect of the celebrity's fans. When the fans of hundreds of singers gathered together, the energy was so great that it was like a small universe.

Working with the recording companies was to sell the celebrities' albums. Albums were still very common, but what if they could also auction the celebrities' personal items on Taobao?

Compared to albums, that was much more special and rarer.

For example, if Liu Dehua donated a wallet that he liked and asked Liu Dehua to specially record a ten-second VCR for the wallet and put it on the product page, the netizens would never doubt the authenticity of the product after seeing it. It must come from Liu Dehua himself, and it was indeed used by him. Whether the fans would buy it or not, for Taobao website, its value and brand awareness would be greatly increased.

Li Mu's plan was to make a complete set of online charity auction plans in advance, clearly telling the mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan stars that he would use all the resources of promotion to promote this charity auction, and Taobao website would specially design a secondary page for the charity auction, set up a few eye-catching banner recommendation spots, various sizes of pictures, and text recommendation spots, and tell all the stars that as long as they participated in this charity auction, they would have the opportunity to take turns to be displayed in different recommendation spots during the following activities, which would increase their popularity to a certain extent.

In this way, for the stars, as long as they took out any of their personal items to participate in the charity auction, not only could they improve their reputation, but they could also use Li Mu's hand to increase their own popularity. It was simply a hundred benefits and no harm. Li Mu believed that most of them would definitely participate without hesitation.

If he made a bidding list for auction items and clearly told them that whoever bid for the highest price could be hung in an eye-catching position on the list, then it would definitely affect some stars and make them donate as many valuable things as possible. Because as long as they could occupy a place on the list, their exposure would also increase a lot.

In this way, Taobao website would really be awesome again. After 2010, the Internet was full of stars everywhere. Major platforms would look for stars to join them to increase traffic and popularity, and stars would also take the initiative to find platforms with high traffic to join them, operating and promoting themselves on the Internet. But at present, except for Li Mu, no one could attract a large number of stars to participate.

The combination of Tieba and Taobao attracted a large number of singers to join by helping to promote and sell albums. If he held a charity auction, in addition to singers, those film and television stars would definitely actively participate. At that time, almost all Chinese stars would be gathered on Taobao website. Not only the mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, but also the Chinese stars in Southeast Asia.

Xiao Fangfang was silent for a moment on the other end of the phone. She carefully thought about the plan that Li Mu mentioned, and the more she thought about it, the more excited she became.

She had long realized that the charity auction had reached a dead end. The willingness of the stars to participate was getting lower and lower, and the amount of money for the charity auction was also getting lower and lower. The root cause was what Li Mu said, it did not achieve a win-win situation.

She always asked those stars to pay, but in the end, it was difficult for her to give them anything in return except saying thank you.

However, Li Mu was different. Li Mu had a strong promotion ability in the mainland, which had been confirmed by Mo Wenwei. If Li Mu really held a charity auction on Taobao website, she believed that those stars would also be very interested. As long as they found that they could get benefits from participating, they would definitely take the initiative and continue to participate in it. In this way, it would really form a virtuous circle of business model!

Thinking of this, Xiao Fangfang was already excited, and her voice trembled a little. "Mr. Li, are you really willing to help the Seedling Protection Fund in the charity auction?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "Of course, I am 100% willing, and I am completely obliged to help. All the money from the auction will be donated to the Seedling Protection Fund."

Then, Li Mu added, "President Xiao, if you really do this, I believe that the amount of money raised may be higher than you can imagine. At that time, not only can you solve the financial problem of the Seedling Protection Fund once and for all, but it will also bring huge redundancy to the Seedling Protection Fund."

Although the average economy of the mainland was not as good as that of Hong Kong, Hong Kong was not enough in terms of the absolute number of local tycoons. If a large number of stars put their things on the mainland's website for auction, Li Mu believed that the final transaction price would be very optimistic. More importantly, if he used resources to promote the online charity auction, the stars would definitely actively participate, and the number of bidding items would also be greatly increased. In this way, the final auction transaction price was likely to increase exponentially on the original basis.

Xiao Fangfang was also convinced of this. She asked Li Mu excitedly, "Mr. Li, then when do you think this online charity auction can be carried out?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "How about this, President Xiao. I will come up with a complete plan as soon as possible in the next two days. When the time comes, the Taobao website and the Seedling Protection Fund will jointly promote it, and then we can start to accept donations from stars. All the stars will donate their items to the Seedling Protection Fund, and then the Seedling Protection Fund will calculate the relevant information and link the relevant information to the Taobao website."

Xiao Fangfang immediately agreed. "Okay!

I will cooperate unconditionally no matter what you say! "