Chapter 1808

As the King of Pop, Michael Jackson's own musical talent was top-notch. Even he praised "Set Fire To The Rain", which was enough to prove that the comprehensive level of this song was indeed very high.

Moreover, this song was highly compatible with the movie, and with the mixed cut, it gave people a stronger and deeper feeling.

At this time, music radio stations and charts all over the world were waiting for the authorization of this song. Once the authorization was obtained, they would immediately use their own channels to play this amazing work to their own listeners.

At first, Li Mu only released the video of this song and "Flying Tigers", and did not release this song separately. After the video became popular, he officially released this song on YYtunes.

Although most people in the world agreed with Michael Jackson's inference that this song was sung by Du Wei, when YYtunes really released this song in its entirety, Du Wei's name still shocked the world.

Immediately afterward, Li Mu licensed the copyright of this song to all music radio stations and charts all over the world for free. He also licensed the movie mixed MV of this song to all TV stations all over the world.

In other words, any radio station could play this song at will without paying a penny; any TV station could play the MV without paying a penny.

Even a contract was not signed, because Li Mu directly stated that these platforms could be used at will.

As a result, "Set Fire To The Rain" quickly rushed to the music charts all over the world.

In the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada, where pop music was very strong, it quickly reached the top.

Du Wei had just arrived in New York from Los Angeles, and this song had already climbed to the top of the major music charts in the United States. The speed was so fast that everyone was stunned.

And the second place of many charts was Du Wei's "21 Guns"!

Du Wei broke the record of Asian singers in the West, Europe, and the United States as soon as she debuted.

Before this, no Asian singer could use a song to take the top of any European and American authoritative music chart, but Du Wei's first English song "21 Guns" did it.

Du Wei's second English song was even better than the first one.

Du Wei's first song was even pushed down from the top of many charts by Du Wei's second song.

For a moment, countless people were shocked.

In the future, no one paid attention to the music charts anymore. Their market influence was far less than the so-called pop charts on QQ Music or the Top Music Chart on Baidu's Top Music Chart.

But right now, the music charts all over the world were extremely valuable. It completely reflected the popularity of a song in the local area.

In this era, there were two ways to measure a singer's strength. One was the album sales, and the other was the rankings.

Du Wei had not released an album yet, but her ranking on the charts had already reached its peak.

However, only domestic musicians like Li Mu, Du Wei, and Zhang Yadong knew that Du Wei still had a killer weapon that had not been released. Compared with that killer weapon, these two songs could only be regarded as a warm-up!

But the two warm-up songs had already won the championship. Once the movie was released and that killer weapon was completely released, the whole world would probably tremble!

But only Li Mu knew how popular the song "Rolling In The Deep" was all over the world at that time. Almost all the people in the world were singing this song.

If this song was released again, Du Wei's three consecutive classic works would be enough to dominate the global music charts for a period of time.

Those professionals and media reporters who thought that Du Wei must be relying on the song "21 Guns" all experienced the feeling of being slapped in the face.

Du Wei herself, because of two consecutive hit songs, appeared in media reports all over the world.

Not only the European and American media praised her, but the Hua Xia media also regarded her as the glory of Hua Xia singers. As for Japan and South Korea, half of the media was full of praise, while the other half was extremely jealous.

Especially in Japan, their strength in pop music was indeed worthy of being the number one in Asia. During the golden age of Hong Kong and Taiwan music, many well-known songs were covers of Japanese pop songs. But even they did not have any singers who could create such achievements in Europe and the United States.

It could be said that Du Wei alone had pulled the highest achievements of Hua Xia pop music to the peak of Asia.

Although the Chinese singers behind Du Wei were still miles away from her, she was equivalent to the highest honor of Asian pop music in the world, enough to crush the achievements of any Asian singer in the world.

When she released her first album, it was likely that she would also set a record for the global album sales of an Asian singer.

However, the global media paid great attention to not only Du Wei, but also the author of the song "Set Fire To The Rain".

So far, the actual author of Du Wei's two hit songs had not been announced to the public, which also made the media feel very surprised.

They had never heard of a song that chose not to announce the songwriter. Everyone wanted to write their own names everywhere in their works. Some singer-songwriters even had a perverted pursuit of the exposure of their names.

For example:

Singer: Zhang San;

Lyrics: Zhang San;

Composer: Zhang San;

Arrangement: Zhang San;

Guitar: Zhang San;

Only for the two songs by Du Wei, there was only one information about the songs: "Performed by: Du Wei ()"

Apart from this, there was no other information.

In the following roadshow, Du Wei suddenly became the focus of all the reporters' attention.

She even began to have a large number of fans around the world, so much so that wherever she went to roadshow, her fans would rush to the scene to cheer for her.

Every time the test screening ended, during the reporter's Q&A session, the reporters would ask Du Wei any questions, asking Du Wei any questions.

For example, whether she had a boyfriend, whether she would enter Hollywood, whether she planned to enter the European and American pop music industry …

In addition, there was another question that was often asked: "Who is the author of" 21 Guns "and" Set Fire To The Rain "?"

However, whenever she encountered such a question, Du Wei's answer was still the same as before, that the author of these two songs was "He".

Du Wei also revealed, "He also wrote a song for me. This song will be played at the end of the official version of the movie. At that time, everyone will be able to see the author's name through the final subtitles of the movie!"

Du Wei even threw out a small Easter egg: "The author is not an American, not even a European or American, but a Hua Xia."

This time, the media was completely excited.

First of all, the author of the two songs was the same person.

Secondly, there was a third song, which was placed at the end of the official version of the movie in theaters. The trial version that everyone wanted to watch was temporarily not available.

Finally, the mysterious person who wrote these two songs, and even the third mysterious song, turned out to be someone from Hua Xia …

This was really a bit magical.

Previously, everyone had always thought that the person who could write these two songs should be a European or American pop music master, or two masters.

However, they did not expect that the person was not a European or American at all …

Therefore, the media paid more attention to who the author was, and at the same time, they also paid attention to the song that was used as an Easter egg.

It seemed that everything would have to wait until the day of the official release of the movie on July 7th!

…

With the roadshow stop after stop, coupled with Li Mu's crazy promotion of "Flying Tigers" on various channels, "Flying Tigers" had become the most popular work in the global culture and entertainment industry.

Many Hollywood media began to speculate that the unprecedented promotion of "Flying Tigers" might create a godly movie with a box office explosion, and it might even surpass "Titanic's" box office record of 1.8 billion US dollars.

From 1997 until now, "Titanic" had always been the box office champion in the history of movies. This record was only broken by the same director in 2010, and that was Cameron's "Avatar."

But now, Li Mu had a great chance to end "Titanic's" record. After all, even "Titanic" had not enjoyed such a three-in-one promotional campaign.

Strong online and offline promotional resources, a large lineup of famous stars, the personal investment of the world's richest man, and two consecutive blockbuster songs, it was simply the most luxurious team in the history of movies.

After the European and American roadshows ended, Du Wei, Spielberg, and Leonardo returned to Hua Xia together. Tom Hanks, Anne Hathaway, and Liu Ye, who were also in other countries in Asia, also ended their roadshows and returned to Yan Jing.

Next was the final highlight, which was the roadshow in the mainland of Hua Xia.

This was a movie about the people of Hua Xia's war against the Japanese. It was a movie that belonged to the people of Hua Xia and the history of Hua Xia. Therefore, the most magnificent roadshow had to be left until this moment.

This was also the roadshow where all the main cast and crew gathered together.

There were a total of ten cities for the roadshow.

The order of the ten cities was almost the same as the order of the Japanese invasion of Hua Xia.

The first stop was the Lugou Bridge incident, the current capital of Hua Xia, Yan Jing;

The second stop was the Battle of Songhu, the current financial capital of Hua Xia, Shanghai;

The third stop was the Battle of Jinling, the site of the massacre, the capital of Hua Xia during World War II, Jinling;

The fourth stop was the Battle of Pengcheng, the main battlefield of Pengcheng, Pengcheng;

The fifth stop was the Battle of Pengcheng, the site of the first great victory of Hua Xia's army, Taierzhuang;

The sixth stop was the Battle of Jiang City, the main battlefield of Jiang City;

The seventh stop was the provincial capital of Guangdong Province, Guang City;

The eighth stop was the provincial capital of Nan Xiang, Xiang City;

The ninth stop was the former base of the Flying Tigers, Chun City;

The tenth stop was the earliest National Humiliation Day, the site of the September 18th Incident, Fengtian, Northeast China.

The reason why Li Mu had drawn up such a roadshow route was to let the people recall the invasion of the war, to deepen the memory of the actions of the invaders and the damage they caused to Hua Xia.

Moreover, this movie was now receiving worldwide attention. He was going to do the largest roadshow in the country, and when the time came, the roadshow would definitely be covered by the global media.

Once the ten cities were announced, it would immediately be covered by the entire world. By then, people with discerning eyes or those who were familiar with Hua Xia's history during World War II would be able to see that Li Mu had ulterior motives.