Chapter 284

At the conference table, Li Mu had deceived everyone present that day, including Li Zong.

Before this moment, he did not doubt Li Mu's determination to be a navigation station. He thought that he had seen the characteristics of Li Mu's paranoia, so he decided to withdraw from Tieba first and wait for Li Mu to taste the price of paranoia before coming back.

This kind of operation was very common. If it was in the stock market, it would be the easiest to understand: sell high and buy low.

Selling high and buying low was the biggest pursuit of people who played with stocks in their lives, and it was also the real core of making money in stocks. When a stock trader bought a certain stock, other than during a big bull market, it was rare for him to hold on to it. He did the same thing every day. That was to sell at a high price and buy at a low price. Once they found that the prospects of a stock they held were not very optimistic, or there was bad news, they would first sell the stock at a high price, and when the bad news was over, they would buy it back at a lower price.

Not only in the stock market, but also in the investment field. Li Zong also had the mentality of selling high and buying low on Tieba, so he converted all the shares in Tieba. Originally, he always thought that his calculations were very accurate, but at this moment, he suddenly had a faint worry in his heart. This time, Li Mu dealt with the competition of Q Bar and played a good reversal. Such a smart person, would he really be a paranoia in his bones?

Li Zong felt in his heart that he might have been deceived by Li Mu. Perhaps Li Mu did not intend to make a navigation station at all. Look at him, from the time he explored the Internet until now, every step he took was carefully planned and carefully placed, and every step was extremely solid. The Easy Listening Network's vision of cutting into online music and MP3 downloads was very accurate, coinciding with his own, and even earlier than him. The product concept of Tieba was simply genius, and what was even more clever was the way he operated it. He actually used the Easy Listening Network to nurture Tieba, letting Tieba start from a singer's Tieba. The transition between the two products was perfect.

Now, with such a move against Q Bar, it was so wonderful that he could not help but applaud and praise it. How could such a monstrous existence be a navigation station?

How could he be interested in a navigation station!

Li Zong's mood was gloomy. He sat quietly next to Li Mu. Because there were too many people around him, Li Mu did not notice Li Zong's appearance. When he finally got the crowd to disperse, there were a lot of business cards left on the table. He casually sorted them out. The various business cards added up to the thickness of a deck of poker cards.

Someone at the side suddenly coughed and said with a hint of bitterness, "Li Zong is really popular now."

Li Mu looked up. Oh, so it was Li Zong.

Thus, Li Mu hurriedly said, "Li Zong, don't call me Li Zong anymore. In front of you, I don't dare to call myself boss."

Li Zong chuckled and said, "You single-handedly built two internet companies, Makino Technology and Easy Listening Technology. If we really count titles, you have two bosses, and I only have one."

Li Mu waved his hand and said jokingly, "Come on, Li Zong, we're old acquaintances. Is it fun to tear down my stage like this?"

Li Zong laughed awkwardly. "It's quite boring."

As he said that, Li Zong's expression returned to normal. He said to Li Mu, "But to be honest, your counterattack against Q Bar was really beautiful. I have to congratulate you for profiting from a disaster this time."

Li Mu shook his head and said humbly, "This was not my counterattack, but the counterattack of the vast number of friends in the justice forum. Since ancient times, evil can never win over good."

“

Li Zong smiled and nodded. "You're right. It was the counterattack of the friends in the justice forum."

As he said that, Li Zong's hands even wanted to clap for Li Mu. He didn't want to praise him for being right, but he wanted to praise him for being so shameless. He still didn't forget to show off after getting such a big advantage. It was obvious that he was the one who instigated the whole incident. Otherwise, even if the friends in the forum were filled with righteous indignation, they were all online. How could there be hundreds of thousands of people responding at the same time?

However, since Li Mu didn't want to admit it, he didn't bother to ask. He just followed along with Li Mu's words and said that. Then, he suddenly asked Li Mu, "Oh, by the way, last time you said that you wanted to make a navigation website. I know a friend who is more experienced in this area. Do you want me to recommend him to you?"

Li Mu didn't even think about it and said directly, "Thank you for your kindness, Li Zong, but there's no need."

Li Zong hurriedly asked, "What's wrong?

Aren't you going to make a navigation website soon? "

"I'm not doing it anymore," Li Mu waved his hand and casually said these three words that made Li Zong dizzy.

Li Mu really didn't want to act with him. Moreover, since he opened his mouth to test him, it proved that he had already begun to suspect him. Anyway, he wouldn't make a navigation station at all. Sooner or later, he would still be exposed. So at this time, there was no use in acting at all. It was better to be honest.

Li Zong felt a little stuffy in his chest and asked, "Why did you stop just like that?

Weren't you particularly optimistic about this market? "

Li Mu nodded and said very casually, "I was optimistic before, but not now."

"Why?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course it's because of you, Li Zong. Didn't you always say that this thing doesn't have a future? You said that this kind of product's ceiling is very easy to touch, and that it will be eliminated sooner or later. These few days, I carefully thought about what you said before, and I realized that Li Zong, what you said was very reasonable. There really isn't much room for development in the navigation station industry, so I decided to give up this business."

After Li Mu said this casually, he didn't forget to flatter him, "Li Zong, your vision is more accurate, much better than mine.

“

Li Zong almost spat a mouthful of black blood directly on Li Mu's face!

Can I XX your grandpa?

I've never seen such a shameless person like you in my life!

With this attitude, aren't you obviously playing with us?

You should at least put on an act and spend a hundred yuan to register a domain name. Now you can't even be bothered to put on an act. You're really not giving us face, aren't you?

Besides, it's obvious that you lied to me, and now you're using what I said back then to set up a memorial arch for yourself. Are you going to be shameless to the end?

Li Mu saw that his expression didn't look too good, so he smiled and said, "Li Zong, you're a senior, and your understanding of the Internet is much better than a junior like me. In the future, you still have to help with the Easy Listening Network's business. You can't just be a boss who doesn't need to do anything."

Li Zong was convinced.

The meaning of Li Mu's words was very obvious: Tieba has nothing to do with you anymore, but don't be anxious. At least the Easy Listening Network still has 30% of your business, and we still have to work together in the future.

When he thought that the whole company was cheated by Li Mu, Li Zong's heart twitched. He had been in the Internet industry for many years, but no one had seen such a slippery person. His acting was so good that it could be compared to Hollywood movie stars. Thinking back to his paranoid performance that day, like a dictator, Li Zong couldn't help but sigh: He's definitely the best actor in the Internet industry, no one can compare.

Then he thought of how Baidu was actually kicked out of the Tieba train by Li Mu in this way. This kind of method was no different from those dog dealers in the stock market who deliberately released bad news to scare away individual investors!

He was worse than a beast!

Li Mu was a bachelor. Anyway, I lied to you, signed the contract, split the Easy Listening Network, and changed the shareholding structure. I'm not afraid of you even if you turn against me now, because in the future, Tieba will be transformed into a social media platform, using social media with high viscosity to develop its own ecological closed-loop, self-contained system. The search engine will not help much, so it doesn't matter if you're here or not.

However, for Li Zong, it was impossible to turn against him. After all, he still had 30% shares in Easy Listening Network. Now, the sales of MP3 hardware had begun to rise. Thinking of the popularity of the Walkman, he could clearly see that MP3 was destined to replace cassettes, CDs, and MDs. Next year, MP3 search and download would usher in an incredible spring. It might not matter to other companies, but for a search engine like Baidu, this was a big deal. It was a big project at the strategic level.

Now that Easy Listening Network was the stable leader in the industry, it was too late for Baidu to avoid it and create a new MP3 search product. Easy Listening Network was so well-known that it was a vertical MP3 search engine. Even if Baidu launched its own MP3 search, it would not have a big impact on users. Most users would still use Easy Listening Network when they wanted to listen and download.

Therefore, Li Zong's ultimate goal was to control Easy Listening Network and then directly implant Easy Listening Network on the web page. If he wanted to achieve this goal, he must not fall out with Li Mu.

As for being tricked out of the Tieba forum, he could only swallow it. After all, this was the business world. It was not too much to play with the rules of the game.

Hui Ka Ming sat on the other side of Li Mu. He did not say a word from beginning to end, but he heard the conversation between Li Mu and Li Zong clearly. He was already shocked.

Although he had long known that Baidu had withdrawn from Makino Technology and converted its shares into Easy Listening Technology, only now did he understand that Baidu had been fooled by Li Mu. From what Li Zong said, it seemed that he was convinced by Li Mu. Li Mu's skills and his age were not on the same logical dimension.

Just as he was exclaiming in surprise, a pair of eyes passed by him and landed on Li Mu.

His eyes widened in an instant, and the flames of hatred began to burn.

"Brother Hua, it's that bastard Li!"

Even in death, Tang Quan would never forget Li Mu's face. Back then, he had been beaten up by Li Mu in the bowling alley. When he brought a group of people to the university to seek revenge, he did not expect to be surrounded by the whole school and beaten like a dead dog. His hair was covered in chewing gum and bubble gum. In the end, he was shaved short by the detention center and detained for 15 days.

Those 15 days of detention were the darkest 15 days of Tang Quan's life. He suffered and suffered in prison. When he was finally released, he found that he had become the joke of the whole circle. When he was despised and ostracized by the circle, Xu Jiahua avoided him. His attitude made it clear that he did not want to keep him by his side. During that time, Tang Quan almost despaired of the future.

Fortunately, his Tang Dynasty Culture signed a young and beautiful wild model. Tang Quan bought the wild model with money and sent her to Xu Jiahua's bed. Xu Jiahua finally gave him a chance.