Chapter 607

That night, a sudden piece of news blew up the entire Chinese pop music circle. Makino Technology teamed up with Yiting and Taobao to officially invite singers of major record companies to join Tieba. At the same time, in order to encourage singers to work hard to run their own Tieba with the same name, Tieba would use all the resources of the three companies to provide a unique "all-channel promotion" service for singers who worked hard to run Tieba.

The invitation to join Tieba was not explosive, but the supporting "all-channel promotion" still attracted all singers. With Mo Wenwei as an example, everyone understood the influence of this "all-channel promotion". Before Mo Wenwei's "all-channel promotion", her reputation in China was average, and her album sales were average. She had fewer invitations to perform and the price was low, and she had fewer advertising endorsements. Now, in just a few days, her reputation in China had skyrocketed. Her album had sold 200,000 to 300,000 yuan, and it was still in pre-sale. Invitations to perform also swarmed in, and the price doubled. Invitations to perform had also begun to increase.

In general, the influence of this "all-channel promotion" was not inferior to that of the last Spring Festival Gala. Most importantly, it was difficult to boost album sales on the Spring Festival Gala before. Even if it did, it was to boost sales of pirated copies. Now, with the channel of Taobao, the sales of genuine albums had almost opened up a sunny avenue.

Not only singers paid special attention to this "all-channel promotion", but record companies also attached great importance to it. Even some stars who were involved in film, television, and singing signed with different companies for their music and film. The film and television companies specially called to urge the artists to strive for this "all-channel promotion" as much as possible. Although this "all-channel promotion" started with music, as long as the popularity was high, it would also greatly promote the development of the stars in film and television. In short, there were all kinds of benefits, and they must find a way to get one.

However, Makino Technology did not clearly specify the evaluation criteria for participating in the "all-channel promotion". The only announced criteria was that the stars should participate in their Tieba as much as possible. Therefore, all the stars replied through their record companies, expressing their willingness to join Tieba.

By noon the next day, the business interface of Tieba had received clear replies from more than 200 singers, so Tieba immediately started the follow-up work. According to Li Mu's requirements, the follow-up work was divided into two directions:

First, publicity!

Promote the news of celebrities entering Tieba through all channels and vigorously build momentum. We must let all the users know that a large number of mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan singers are about to enter Tieba as real people and directly interact with users in Tieba. Tieba is the only platform for fans and idols to have close contact and direct communication.

Second, execute!

Open an exclusive personal account for the stars who are willing to join Tieba. The account requirements are "Singer" and "Real Name" to avoid conflict with other users with the same name. In addition, the verified singer's account should be displayed in gold, followed by a golden "V" symbol, which means official verified user. For example, Du Wei's verified ID in Tieba is "Singer Du Wei". Then the singer will officially enter her Tieba with the same name, and the weight calculation method will be officially launched.

As for the specific implementation method, Li Mu's requirements were: Make overall preparations first. After opening the accounts of hundreds of singers, set a time node with them. Celebrities entering Tieba should be done step by step. These hundreds of singers should be divided into groups. Every day from 10 am to 10 pm, every hour, ten singers should be arranged to log into their own Tieba and have an hour of interactive Q&A with their fans in the pinned report post. All the fans who follow the Tieba can ask their idols questions in the post. The singers can also prepare some photos or even videos in advance and gradually post them during the interactive process.

The reason why they separated the stars and let them log into Tieba in batches was mainly to stagger the peak and let these hundreds of singers continue to generate influence for Tieba. If hundreds of people came in all at once, they would manage their own Tieba in a daze, go to their own Tieba to post a post and greet them, it would seem too complicated and unorganized. There was no overall planning, and users would easily be confused and not know which Tieba was better to go to. At that time, the traffic of the entire Tieba would definitely converge to the Tieba of the most popular singers. The rest of the singers could only stare at their own Tieba stupidly, feeling the awkwardness of being ignored.

In this way, it was better for everyone to set a time node in advance. At this time node, the stars would enter the Tieba to interact with their fans. After this batch of stars finished interacting, the next batch of stars would come in for the second round. Moreover, the pairing of stars in each round should also be particular. For example, in each batch of ten stars, half of them should be male and half female, with complementary ages. The pairing should be relatively even in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. Moreover, within the same group, only one A-list singer should be arranged at most to prevent the phenomenon of snatching too much attention.

Twelve hours a day, 120 singers a day. In this way, the participating singers could last for three days without repetition. Such an activity would be guaranteed once a week in the future. For the singers, they only needed to take out an hour every week to cooperate. But for the entire Tieba, there were only seven days in a week, but there were three days of "Fan Carnival."

This activity was officially organized. Apart from that, all the stars could arrange their own activities. They could post on their own Tieba whenever they had the time. If there was anything they wanted to tell their fans or show them, they could post it directly. They could also find some fans to reply to their posts appropriately. This way, they could gain some weight for themselves.

After this set of implementation plans was finalized, the Tieba employees opened exclusive accounts for the stars while conveying the specific arrangements of the activity to the record company. On the one hand, they needed the stars to post on their respective Tieba as soon as possible after the publicity went online to inform their fans that they had already entered the Tieba. On the other hand, they had to coordinate with them for the upcoming Q&A activities, separating the schedules of different stars and setting the schedule of the activity.

The operation team of the Tieba was very efficient. From noon onwards, YY pop-up windows, YY game rolling news, Happy Farm rolling news, and Tieba's pinned news began to be promoted simultaneously. Hundreds of singers would collectively enter the Tieba at 8 PM the next day. The influence of this activity could be said to be unprecedented on the Internet. Ever since the rise of the Internet, there had never been a platform specifically for singers to interact with their fans. This time, the Tieba had gathered hundreds of singers all at once. Among them, there was no lack of A-list singers, which had a great impact on the netizens.

The earliest Internet platform to use a certain number of celebrities to build momentum was Sina Blog. Back then, celebrity blogs had indeed caused a great sensation on the Internet and quickly ushered in the era of blogging. At that time, Old Xu's blog and Han Han's blog were super blogs with over a hundred million visitors. However, the number of celebrity blogs was far from what Tieba was doing this time.

Other than Sina Blog, another platform with a large number of celebrities was Sina Weibo. Its influence during its heyday went without saying. Be it movie stars, television stars, singers, or even hosts, as long as they had a little bit of relationship with the entertainment industry, they would take the initiative to enter Weibo and open their personal verified accounts. However, when Sina Weibo first started, it did not have such a strong influence. It first started by using celebrity blogs to convert most of the original celebrity bloggers into Weibo bloggers. Then, it introduced a batch of fresh celebrity blood, which continuously increased its cohesion and turned Weibo into a social platform worth billions or even tens of billions of US dollars.

Li Mu was well aware of the super strong influence of celebrities on the Internet, so he used his various resources to attract these singers to Tieba. It was also because of the experience of Sina Weibo in his previous life that he wanted to do the most this time. Hundreds of celebrities would be parachuted into Tieba at the same time. This was definitely the biggest event in the entertainment industry and the Internet.

…

At three o 'clock in the afternoon, the latest ranking of RTHK Chinese Songs Longhu Chart was announced.

Du Wei's "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" had just appeared on the chart yesterday, and today it rushed to the third place. This result not only shocked the radio station, but also shocked Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei. The calculation method of RTHK Chinese Songs Longhu Chart was based on the average value of the last seven days. They did not expect that Du Wei could get the third place on the chart after only one day. This meant that the index of Du Wei's song from yesterday to now, divided by seven, had surpassed the average of all the songs except the first and second place. If she was given one more day, she might be able to rush to the first place.

People like Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei who knew the rules of the chart were amazed, but most people who did not know the rules were not surprised. In their opinion, this song was really good. It was not only beautiful, but also very down-to-earth and very intimate. In their eyes, it was a loss if this song did not get the first place. Therefore, a large group of people took the initiative to call "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" to help this song rush to the top of the chart.

At the same time, many Hong Kong people began to try to understand some information about Du Wei through various channels. Soon, they found that Du Wei was not a local singer, but a mainland singer. However, this time, they did not have any prejudice against Du Wei, a mainland singer. Instead, because Du Wei sang this Cantonese song, they had a special feeling of pride for her. Li Mu also had to admit that it was a trick to let Du Wei sing a Cantonese song, so that Du Wei could be more easily accepted by Hong Kong local fans.