Chapter 638

After the motorcade arrived at the airport, Dong Ai went straight to the airport interface person she had contacted in advance. As there were three A-list celebrities arriving on the same flight, she had already communicated with the airport in advance to ensure safety. The airport leaders had specially arranged for staff to cooperate with them in picking them up. The hired security personnel were already waiting outside the VIP passage in advance. When the three of them came out, Li Mu, Dong Ai, Kong Lingyu, and Lin Ching-ah would take turns shaking hands and greeting them. The reporters would take pictures. This process was bound to attract some tourists, so the security personnel had to ensure that the onlookers were separated and quickly escorted the three of them to the car.

Li Mu and the others were waiting in the staff lounge arranged by the airport. When it was 11 o'clock, Kong Lingyu walked up to Li Mu and said in a low voice, "Li Zong, the website is online."

Li Mu looked at the time and nodded gently.

At this time, YY pushed a piece of news to all online users on time. The title of the news was: The founder of 3321 went to the airport to welcome Zhang Guorong and her party. YY website's exclusive follow-up report.

This push was an announcement to the netizens all over the country that Makino Technology's YY website was officially online.

The netizens who had long been inseparable from YY and regarded YY and YY groups as essential tools for their work received this news immediately. Everyone was shocked and immediately opened YY website to find out what was going on.

In 2002, portal websites were ugly. From the perspective of future generations, the UI, page layout, fonts, and color schemes were all ugly. However, people nowadays were basically used to the so-called ugly but practical style of the website. The first website that subverted people's aesthetic views was the Easy Listening website. At that time, the Easy Listening website's advanced design did attract a large group of websites that followed the trend. However, because they only had the Easy Listening website as a reference, it was difficult for them to grasp the pattern. Most of them tried to draw a tiger but failed to achieve anything. In the end, they gave up on this method and went back to their previous style.

As for Tieba, Li Mu had never given it an overly fancy UI design. Tieba was originally a minimalist BBS, the simpler the better, so the visual effect of Tieba was not outstanding.

At present, when the people in the Internet industry saw YY website, they immediately realized that there was another industry benchmark for UI design in the Internet field. This was because the portal of Makino Technology was so beautiful. The page design, color scheme, and fonts all had very good visual effects. Especially the layout of the layout, it was neat, beautiful, and clear at a glance.

For the Internet industry, they didn't pay much attention to this news. What they really cared about was the website's various page designs and the various product details. Mu Ye Technology didn't disappoint them. It often surprised users when they browsed through the website.

Chen Tong had just started to prepare for his new product plan when this news suddenly popped up in the lower right corner of the YY website. All of a sudden, he and the whole of Sina became nervous.

Chen Tong hurriedly started from the homepage of YY website and looked through the content layout of the first, second, third, and even fourth screens of the entire page bit by bit. The so-called first screen was the content that was displayed directly on the screen when the website was opened. The second screen was the scrolling mouse that followed the content of the first screen. After reading through it, Chen Tong was completely dumbfounded. YY website's modular design was not as rigorous as other websites. It did not use blocks to separate all the content. Instead, it used short text chains, bold and highlighted text, and short picture chains to visually divide the content. At the same time, it made the reader feel that the transition was smooth and easy.

Going through it bit by bit, Chen Tong was really amazed by Makino Technology's page design ability. Fortunately, he had not seen any more advanced product functions on YY website. For example, the online video playback function that he wanted was not available on YY website. It seemed that they did not place much importance on the content of the web streaming media. This made Chen Tong feel relieved. After all, he had long known that Makino Technology wanted to be a portal, and he had always been firm on this point of view.

Chen Tong was not surprised, but the rest of Sina was panicking. All the employees below the middle management did not know about the new product plan that Chen Tong had proposed during the high-level meeting. So when they saw Makino Technology's YY website surpassing their own Sina website in all aspects, they could not help but worry about Sina's future. They were afraid that one day, Sina would follow in Teng Xun's footsteps.

At this moment, while Sina's senior management was shocked, they were really impressed by Chen Tong. He really had foresight, and his grasp of the situation was very accurate. Sina suddenly had one more formidable opponent. Fortunately, Chen Tong had come up with a countermeasure before this. As long as the new product was released as soon as possible, they could lead a new wave in the portal industry and continue to maintain their lead.

Therefore, after YY website went offline for more than ten minutes, Sina's senior management held another meeting. This time, it was very short. Everyone unanimously expressed that they would give Chen Tong a large sum of money. They must develop the new product in the shortest time possible. To ensure its attractiveness, they directly approved the program's production fee of 10 million a year. With this money, Chen Tong could invite as many big-name celebrities as possible to support the program in the first few months of the program's launch, and quickly increase the program's influence.

In the face of a formidable enemy, this was the first time Sina's higher-ups' meeting was so harmonious. Everyone had the same opinion, and there were no objections or arguments. Everyone expressed the same opinion to Chen Tong: "We fully support you. Just charge forward. Just do it!

Chen Tong was encouraged. He was almost ready to fight to the death with Makino Technology in the portal industry. Subconsciously, Chen Tong was supported by a lofty belief. Up until now, all the competitors of Makino Technology had failed without exception. He wanted to be the first person to stand firm in the huge impact of Makino Technology and achieve a counterattack.

…

At 11: 30 am, a Cathay Pacific Airlines Boeing 777 wide-body passenger plane that had just been put into use landed at Yanjing Airport on time. More than 20 minutes later, a total of eight people, including Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei, walked out of the VIP passage. The three of them walked side by side in the front, followed by their respective staff members. All three of them wore masks and sunglasses. Although they looked a little different, it was indeed effective. No one recognized them.

Li Mu and Dong Ai stood side by side at the main entrance of the VIP passage, waiting. Apart from the three celebrities today, the only two protagonists were him and Dong Ai, so he should be the first to welcome them.

Mo Wenwei was the first to see Li Mu at the exit. She pointed at Li Mu and said in surprise, "Brother, Aunt Mei, look, Li Mu is outside."

The other two also saw Li Mu. Mei Yanfang hadn't met Li Mu yet, but she had read some reports about Li Mu, so she also recognized Li Mu at a glance.

Seeing the journalists who had been waiting for a long time beside Li Mu, Zhang Guorong took off her sunglasses and mask, and said to the other two with a smile, "Li Mu's own journalists are all here. Let's take off our sunglasses and masks, so that his journalists can get more materials."

Zhang Guorong heard that Li Mu would send his own journalists to follow the whole process. She also knew that Li Mu wanted to put the follow-up report on his own website, so she carefully considered giving Li Mu's journalists some good news materials. If she and Mei Yanfang walked out of the exit of the VIP passage wearing masks and sunglasses, the influence of the picture would be insufficient. If they all took off their sunglasses and masks and walked out side by side, the influence of the picture would be much greater.

Mo Wenwei and Mei Yanfang immediately came to themselves after hearing Zhang Guorong's suggestion. In the end, they took off their sunglasses and masks together, and their real faces were exposed at once. Fortunately, there were not many people in the VIP passage, so there was no disturbance for the time being. However, when they walked a little closer, the people waiting outside the passage immediately recognized them. Someone screamed, "My God!

Is that Zhang Guorong? "

This scream attracted countless people's attention. People in the hall gathered around to see what was going on. At this time, someone screamed again, "Oh, that's Mei Yanfang and Mo Wenwei!"

"Is it a mistake?"

"See for yourself!"

"F * ck, it's really them!

Mo Wenwei has a great figure! "

At least hundreds of people flocked to the hall. The security guards hired by Makino Technology and the staff arranged by the airport in advance formed a large circle to barely keep the excited people away. At this time, Zhang Guorong and the other two had already walked out of the VIP passage. Li Mu and Dong Ai stood side by side in front of them. As soon as they came out, Li Mu gave Dong Ai a look, and the two stepped forward to greet them.

Several reporters carrying cameras and video cameras also hurried to follow them, looking for different angles to take pictures and videos on both sides. Li Mu walked to the three of them with Dong Ai. Li Mu shook hands with Zhang Guorong, and Dong Ai shook hands with Mei Yanfang. Li Mu smiled and said to the three of them, "Thank you for coming all the way to support the charity work of 3321. On behalf of all the staff and volunteers of 3321, I would like to express the most sincere welcome and gratitude to you."

Although they were more familiar with each other, they still had to go through the necessary formalities. Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei were also very polite, saying that it was their honor to participate in such a meaningful charity activity.

Then, Li Mu and Dong Ai exchanged places. Li Mu shook hands with Mei Yanfang and said, "Sister Fang, welcome to Yan Jing."

Mei Yanfang also smiled politely and said, "Mr. Li, it's our first time meeting. Please take care of me."

When Li Mu walked to Mo Wenwei, he wanted to shake hands with her. Unexpectedly, Mo Wenwei opened her arms and said with a smile, "Mr. Li, you should be more enthusiastic when you welcome me. Come, let's hug."

Li Mu nodded with a smile and hugged her for a second out of courtesy.

Then, Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah went forward and greeted the three of them one by one. Seeing that there were more and more people around, Li Mu said to them, "Let's go first. We'll talk on the way."

Under the escort of the security guards, Li Mu and Dong Ai boarded the Toyota Coaster prepared for them with several celebrities. After getting in the car, Li Mu called Lu Xinyi and said, "Xinyi, arrange for people to take the car I came in and send the video back to the company. Ask them to edit it and upload it online as soon as possible. In addition, send back the pictures of the airport as soon as possible and publish them as soon as possible!

We need to let the netizens see our efficiency! "

Lu Xinyi said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I've arranged everything!"