Chapter 484

The news of QQ ceasing maintenance was not unexpected by any netizens, but it still shocked many netizens.

It was not unexpected because QQ was no match for YY. But it was still shocking because they found out that a product with more than 100 million registered users and was once the number one product in the industry could be destroyed so quickly. This made them witness the cruelty of the market and how scary Makino Technology was.

For a long time, the competition in the internet industry was a war of attrition. Any platform or product, as long as it reached a certain scale, would definitely have a certain level of user loyalty. To destroy the other party, one must first change the habits of the loyal users. This was a process that required a long time of hard work.

However, Makino Technology's campaign to destroy QQ completely shocked all the companies in the industry. They realized that the market rules they followed in the past had been completely changed in Makino Technology's hands. Even a product like QQ could be destroyed in such a short period of time. Other companies could not possibly be a match for Makino Technology.

In an instant, the internet industry was in a state of panic.

Everyone was worried that Makino Technology would one day take things too hard and expand into new business lines. To any company, once there was a conflict between their business lines and Makino Technology, it was a sign that they would be facing the strongest competitor in the industry.

Shanda was afraid of Makino Technology making online games. NetEase was afraid of Makino Technology making email. Kingsoft and Ruixing were afraid of Makino Technology making anti-virus software. Yahoo, Sina, and Sohu were afraid of Makino Technology making web portals.

Although Li Mu had created Miracle Mu, it hadn't been integrated into Muye Technology. Although Miracle Mu had put a lot of pressure on Legend of Mir, Shanda was afraid that Muye Technology would take advantage of YY's product ecosystem and user base to create a game. If that happened, YY's ecosystem would affect the game's operations, and it would be a huge blow to Shanda and Shanda's development.

Actually, Li Mu did not want to compete with them for business. Although Li Mu would compete with them sooner or later, Li Mu wanted to compete with Teng Xun's team the most.

Most of the employees laid off by Teng Xun were from QQ's project department. Although QQ was defeated and had given up on itself, they were still the best talents in China's instant messaging industry. YY was able to defeat QQ not because of YY's technical team, but because Li Mu had written the framework for YY and also acted as YY's product manager. He had even formulated and directed all kinds of strategies and tactics. That was how YY managed to defeat QQ. If not, QQ would always be the best in this industry. This showed how good its technical team was.

Of course, Boss Ma knew this as well. He was born in technology and had a good understanding of technology. He could not bear to give up everyone in the QQ technical team, but reality was reality. Since he had decided to give up on QQ, the QQ technical, operation, and supporting teams were the first to be cut. Boss Ma giving up on QQ was equivalent to giving up on the entire instant messaging software market. Under such circumstances, these professionals in the instant messaging field had become his burden.

They were Boss Ma's burden, but they were the talents that Li Mu dreamed of. Li Mu wanted two types of talents. One was technical talents, and the other was management talents.

There was no need to talk about management talents, but technical talents would determine the speed of Makino Technology's future product development.

Other companies would have to go through project initiation, set requirements, adjust requirements several times, and redevelop a software. The requirements would also be changed several times during the development process. After the development was completed, it would have to go through a few more rounds of testing and bug correction before it was considered mature. However, for Li Mu, as long as there were enough technical talents, he only needed to set the right direction, and ensure that everyone did not take the wrong path. The rest depended on how many people he had to work with him. The more people there were, the faster it would be.

Therefore, after Li Mu received the news that QQ would stop maintenance, he immediately asked Kong Lingyu to inform Chen Hui to come to his office.

A few minutes later, a somewhat nervous Chen Hui knocked on the door of Li Mu's office, then pushed the door open and entered.

"Li Zong, you were looking for me?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, pointed to the chair in front of him, and said, "Come, Chen Hui. Sit down first."

Chen Hui nodded and walked to sit opposite Li Mu. During his previous interview, he did not know that the young man sitting next to Kong Lingyu without saying a word was the real boss of the company. After joining Makino Technology, he only knew the truth of the matter. Now that Li Mu had skipped many levels and informed him to come to his office, Chen Hui could not help but feel nervous.

After Chen Hui sat down, Li Mu did not go straight to the point. Instead, he asked him, "How are you adapting to the company?"

"I'm adapting quite well."

Chen Hui nodded repeatedly. "The director gave me a lot of responsibility, and it also made me realize that my ability is not just what I knew before. So recently, I have been constantly forcing myself to bring out more of my potential and work hard. It's quite fulfilling."

Li Mu asked him, "Has your girlfriend from college come to our company?"

Chen Hui smiled shyly and said, "Not yet. I asked her indirectly. She should be coming to work on the 27th, which is the last Monday of this month."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It won't be long."

"Yes."

Chen Hui was afraid that Li Mu would have a problem with this, so he hurriedly said, "Li Zong, don't worry. If we can get back together, I will immediately resign from the company."

Li Mu said, "Now that you mention it, I feel that the company is just a tool for you to get back your girlfriend. After using it, you will get rid of it."

Chen Hui hurriedly waved his hand and said, "That's not what I mean, Li Zong. What I mean is, although I really want to stay in Makino Technology, if we can really be together again, I have to respect the company's rules."

Li Mu smiled and said, "What Mr. Kong meant the other day was that we don't advocate it, but it doesn't mean that we oppose it. So no matter whether you two succeed or not, you can stay in Makino Technology and work."

Chen Hui asked in surprise, "Really, Li Zong?"

Li Mu nodded. "I've already said so. Who else will have a problem with it? No matter how much I advocate internal equality, it's impossible that I don't even have the right to make this decision."

Chen Hui scratched his head. "You're right."

Seeing that he seemed to be a lot more relaxed, Li Mu led the topic back to the main point and asked him, "By the way, have you received the news that QQ has stopped maintenance?"

Chen Hui nodded with a regretful expression. "I have."

Li Mu asked again, "What's the situation with your former colleagues now?"

Chen Hui sighed and said, "Most of them have lost their jobs. Although the company promised to give N + 1 compensation, most of the employees are still very depressed. Some of them have been working in instant messaging for two or three years, and they are definitely high-end talents in this industry in China. But now, it's basically impossible for them to find a job with this profession. Some of them have gone to some Internet companies in Shenzhen for interviews, and their salaries are not even half of what they used to be."

Sometimes, Internet technical talents had to bear such an awkward situation. When your best skill was not used by others, you were not even worth a fart in the eyes of others. It was meaningless to be strong.

Li Mu asked Chen Hui, "Do you have an approximate number of people in QQ's technical and operational departments? How many people have been laid off?"

Chen Hui thought for a moment and said, "If we don't count the support department, there should be about a hundred people just in terms of technology and operations. It's equivalent to all the professionals in the field of instant messaging being laid off. The remaining ones are core management and some people with more comprehensive skills."

Li Mu understood. It was not much different from what he had guessed. Boss Ma had given up on QQ, but he would not give up on the Internet. He still had funds, a team, and capital support. He would definitely abandon QQ and find a new field to make a comeback.

No matter what he was planning to do in the future, Li Mu could at least be sure of one thing. He would not be working on instant messaging software anymore. The biggest enemy of YY had disappeared.

When Li Mu thought of this, he felt very relaxed. He asked Chen Hui, "If Makino Technology is willing to give them a treatment that is not inferior to what they received in Tengxun, do you think they will be willing to come to Beijing to develop?"

Chen Hui, who was not very clever, did not know that this was the core reason why Li Mu had looked for him today. When he heard Li Mu say this, he immediately became excited and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, you're not joking with me, are you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course not."

Chen Hui said, "Most of them are also from other places. If there are no good opportunities for development in Shenzhen, and Beijing can give them a more ideal treatment, I think they will definitely be willing to come."

Li Mu said, "How about this? While your ex-girlfriend hasn't started working yet, you'll have to work hard for a few days and go to Shenzhen. I'll give you a week's time. During this week, try to arrange a meeting with all the people from QQ Technology and the operations department. I'll assign you an HR person. When the time comes, introduce our situation to your former colleagues. If they are interested, talk to the HR person directly. Once the discussion is successful, they can come directly to work. What do you think?"

Chen Hui immediately stood up excitedly and said, "Li Zong, I have no problem with that!"

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction. He picked up the phone on the table and directly called Lin Ching-ah. He said to her, "Qingya, pick a girl from HR who is eloquent, smart, and pretty. After you pick one, ask her to come to my office."

After a while, a beautiful girl around 25 years old appeared in Li Mu's office. The girl's name was Zhang Xiaodi, a P6 HR person in the HR department. She was originally an ordinary headhunter in the headhunting company. Because she was eloquent and quick-witted, she was spotted by Lin Ching-ah, who had just taken over the HR department. She was directly headhunted.

Zhang Xiaodi was a local girl in Beijing. Not only was she beautiful, but she also had a very good personality. She was eloquent and could chat with anyone. Men in IT were generally more dull, and they would be more nervous and shy when they saw beautiful girls. Therefore, sending a beautiful girl who was eloquent could better bewitch them and make them make the decision to join Makino Technology.

Li Mu roughly told Zhang Xiaodi about his requirements. Tomorrow, she and Chen Hui would go to Shenzhen together. Chen Hui would be in charge of constantly inviting the former employees of Tencent Training to eat and meet them. Zhang Xiaodi would be in charge of popularizing the salary standards and benefits of Makino Technology to these former employees of Tencent Training. In short, it was to impress the other party as much as possible. Regardless of whether Makino Technology decided to sign the other party in the end, he had to let the other party make the decision to come to Beijing to join Makino Technology first. Only then would he be able to take the initiative.

In addition, Li Mu also asked Zhang Xiaodi to give an impression to each former employee of Tencent Training through the conversation at the dinner table. At that time, the impression would be combined with the other party's resume and reflected in the comprehensive evaluation.

It was the first time that Zhang Xiaodi had a face-to-face communication with Li Mu. She was very excited to be entrusted with such an important task by the company's president. She listened and remembered every word that Li Mu said with 120% of her attention. She secretly decided that she must do this thing beautifully.

After Chen Hui and Zhang Xiaodi clarified their tasks for tomorrow's business trip, Li Mu let Chen Hui go back first. After Chen Hui left, Li Mu said to Zhang Xiaodi, who stayed behind, "After arriving in Shenzhen, when discussing the specific treatment with them, if the other party is dissatisfied with the treatment, you can provide them with a certain premium based on their work experience. The standard of the premium cannot exceed the other party's original salary, or the corresponding 20% of the normal salary within the Makino Technology level. Otherwise, once their salary is exposed after they enter the company, the premium is too high, and it will have a negative impact on the company's current technical staff."

The reason why he waited for Chen Hui to leave was that Li Mu was afraid that he would foolishly tell his former colleagues directly. Li Mu still hoped to be able to poach these former talents of Tencent Training to Beijing according to the normal salary treatment. It was not that he was unwilling to spend more money, but he wanted to maintain the relative fairness of the employees' salaries as much as possible. He could not let the old employees feel that they were not valued and even have prejudice against the new employees.

Zhang Xiaodi immediately nodded and said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I will definitely do my best to do this well."

Li Mu said, "There are at least a hundred technical and operation employees who will be laid off from Tencent Training. Chen Hui's KPI for this business trip is how many people he helped you introduce, and your KPI is how many people will eventually give up Shenzhen and come to Beijing to join Makino Technology. If the success rate is more than 50%, you will pass. If it is more than 70%, I will get Boss Lin to promote you next month!"

Zhang Xiaodi giggled and said, "Then I will definitely do my best to poach them!"