Chapter 708

Wang Runqing's words were full of threats. He felt that he had already seen through Wei Lan. He knew exactly what she wanted to do in Yanjing. Therefore, at this moment, he disregarded his gentlemanly demeanor and fell out with Wei Lan in public. The main purpose was not to make Wei Lan look bad, but to take the opportunity to send a signal to everyone present: Whoever dared to intervene in the affairs of Juncheng Real Estate was against him and the Lanke Group.

Wei Lan had been in the business world for many years. At this moment, how could she not know Wang Runqing's intentions? When Wang Runqing took the initiative to talk to Huang Jinli, Wei Lan guessed what Wang Runqing was planning. It was most likely that he saw her handing a business card to Huang Jinli and talking to her, so he deliberately came over to cause trouble.

Ignoring the humiliation in her heart, Wei Lan's mind was rapidly thinking about what her next step should be. Wang Runqing had dug a big hole in her own boat. On one hand, he didn't allow her to save herself, and on the other hand, he was cruising around and preventing any other boats from helping. His real goal was to wait for the boat to sink and then fish it up for himself. If he was really shameless enough to use his influence to chase her out, then this trip to Yan Jing would have been in vain.

Wei Lan did not know how to deal with it for a while. At the moment when she was struggling the most, Li Mu, who had been looking at her coldly, could not stand it anymore. He stood up and said to Wang Runqing politely, "Sir, isn't it a bit too much to bully a girl like this?"

Li Mu originally did not want to get involved in this mess, but seeing Wei Lan's desperate and helpless look, he really could not sit back and watch with a clear conscience.

Li Mu's sudden intervention made Wang Runqing stunned. He did not know Li Mu. Seeing that the other party was only in his early twenties, but he dared to speak for Wei Lan on this occasion, he was immediately angry. He gritted his teeth and glanced at Li Mu, then raised his head and looked ten meters away. Then, he turned his head and asked Li Mu, "Who are you?

Which company are you from?

Young people should be responsible for their words. Which eye of yours saw me bully a girl? "

Wei Lan did not expect that Li Mu would speak for her in this situation, but Li Mu's intervention at this time did her a great favor. Otherwise, she really did not know what to do in the face of Wang Runqing's threat. So, Wei Lan cast a grateful look at Li Mu, but there was also some worry in her eyes. She felt that although Wanying Real Estate was a shining star in the real estate industry, there was still a big gap from the top real estate companies. She did not want Li Mu to help her and offended Wang Runqing, who would seek revenge for the smallest grievance.

At this time, Li Mu said, "I am from Wanying Real Estate, my name is Mu. As you said, I saw you bully a girl. We are. we are. We are are. We are. We are. We are. We. We're. We. We. Lan. We. You. You. We. We. We. We Lan. We. We. We. We.

Who is Li Mu?

Wang Runqing didn't know at all, but he knew that Wan Ying Real Estate was indeed a little famous recently. However, he didn't know the specific situation of Wan Ying Real Estate, but no matter what, the strength of the Lan Ke Group was much stronger than the newly emerged Wan Ying Real Estate, so he didn't put Li Mu in his eyes. Just as he was about to mock Li Mu, at this time, Xiao Chenfeng of the Urban Construction Group suddenly appeared in front of him and said to Wang Runqing with a cold face: "Chief Wang, I invited you to the summit, not to let you attack the guests of the summit."

Another person had come to save the day. Wang Runqing looked at Xiao Chenfeng with a strange expression. After a moment, he put on an expression of disdain and said, "CEO Xiao, how come you're at the same level as this brat who doesn't have good eyesight?

You can eat whatever you want, but you can't say whatever you want. It was obviously Miss Wei who spoke first and you came to blame me. Aren't you being too biased towards Miss Wei? "

Xiao Chenfeng smiled and said, "I don't care who attacked who first, but I have to make something clear. Miss Wei is our guest. No one has the right to chase her out!"

Wang Runqing's expression changed, "Mr. Xiao, you and I can be considered old acquaintances. Do you really want to make the atmosphere so awkward?"

Xiao Chenfeng sneered, "It's up to you, Mr. Wang. If you really want to make the atmosphere so awkward, then I can only accompany you."

Wang Runqing looked at Xiao Chenfeng and nodded slightly. After a moment, he snapped his fingers and said resentfully, "Alright, since Mr. Xiao has said so, then I won't say anything more."

After saying that, Wang Runqing smiled and said to Huang Jinli, "Miss Huang, let's chat again tonight."

Huang Jinli did not dare to reply and could only mumble something. Wang Runqing changing the topic was also giving himself a way out. He did not intend to wait for Huang Jinli to reply directly. After saying that, he turned around and left.

After Wang Runqing left, the surrounding people saw that there was nothing more to see and instantly lost interest. Wei Lan was very grateful to Li Mu and Xiao Chenfeng for helping her out. She said to the two of them, "Li Zong, Mr. Xiao, thank you."

Li Mu did not say much. He nodded and sat back down. Xiao Chenfeng smiled faintly and said to Wei Lan, "What are you thanking me for? It's nothing."

After saying that, Xiao Chenfeng said calmly, "Don't worry. In Yan Jing, it is not the place for that fellow with the surname Wang to behave atrociously. You can relax here. If he dares to provoke us again, I will represent the organizers to ask him to leave."

Wei Lan nodded gratefully. She saw a glimmer of hope from Xiao Chenfeng's attitude.

Wang Runqing had argued with her in public just now. To a certain extent, he was purposely taking the opportunity to send a signal to others. In this kind of situation, not only did Li Mu step forward to help her, Xiao Chenfeng also did not hesitate to offend Wang Runqing to help her resolve the crisis in front of her. Did that mean that Xiao Chenfeng would ignore Wang Runqing's threat and choose to help Juncheng Real Estate get through this crisis?

Although Wei Lan was also grateful to Li Mu in her heart, she instinctively did not see Li Mu as someone who could truly help her. After all, what Li Mu had shown was the tip of the iceberg. It was still far from Wang Runqing. However, Xiao Chenfeng was different. The Urban Construction Group behind Xiao Chenfeng was not any weaker than the Lanke Group. Furthermore, the Urban Construction Group was located in Yanjing. If she were to take out all kinds of connections, it would probably be stronger than the Lanke Group. If the Lanke Group was willing to take action, Wei Lan believed that she had a high chance of saving Juncheng Real Estate.

Although Wei Lan did not dare to confirm her guess, at the very least, Xiao Chenfeng's actions gave her a lot of hope. Furthermore, when she met Xiao Chenfeng, he was the one who took the initiative to treat her to a meal to talk about the current situation of Juncheng Real Estate. From the looks of it, the chances of getting Xiao Chenfeng's help had increased.

At this moment, Xiao Chenfeng said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, the speech is about to start. I will go over first. If there is anything, we can talk about it during dinner."

Wei Lan had already agreed to Xiao Chenfeng's invitation to dinner. Thus, she nodded her head lightly, "Then, please go ahead. We will talk about it during dinner."

After Xiao Chenfeng left, Wei Lan finally heaved a sigh of relief. Huang Jinli was still somewhat disgusted with Wei Lan earlier. However, at this moment, her expression was much more relaxed. She actually took the initiative to speak to Wei Lan, "Wang Runqing has always been rather arrogant. Don't lower yourself to his level."

Huang Jinli was also weighing the pros and cons in her heart. She originally had a grudge against Li Mu. Although she could not do anything to him, her family had already been set up very badly. Therefore, she would never give in to Li Mu's attitude. Therefore, she hated the house and its crow. She was also quite dissatisfied with Wei Lan. The reason why she changed her attitude was because of Xiao Chenfeng's appearance.

Huang Jinli was very surprised that Xiao Chenfeng would stand up for Wei Lan. For Huang Jinli, if she had to choose between Xiao Chenfeng and Wang Runqing, she would naturally choose the former without any hesitation. This was because the former was a big shot in the real estate industry in Yanjing. The Hongzhu Group was also a local real estate company in Yanjing. In the future, it would have a direct relationship with the Urban Construction Group in many aspects. If she offended him, it would definitely affect the development of the Hongzhu Group in Yanjing. Therefore, after Xiao Chenfeng expressed his stance, she was also anxious to express her stance to Wei Lan.

Wei Lan also saw through Huang Jinli's intention. Although she felt disgusted in her heart, she still tried to be polite on the surface. She nodded her head gently as if she had learned something and thanked her.

Huang Jinli smiled and said, "Your father and I are old acquaintances. You don't have to be so polite with me. If you don't leave Yanjing for the next two days, let's find time to have a meal together. It's my treat."

The speed at which Huang Jinli's face changed was much faster than flipping a book. The process of her black face turning red was very natural and smooth. She did not care how she had treated Wei Lan just now. It was as if nothing had happened just now.

Wei Lan was quite dissatisfied with her in her heart. However, she still replied politely, "How can I let you treat me? As a junior, it should be me who should treat you."

Huang Jinli said with a smile, "Look at you. Why are you still so polite to me?"

Wei Lan just smiled this time and did not say anything. Instead, she took out her phone and sent a message to Li Mu, "Li Mu, thank you so much just now."

Li Mu casually replied with four words, "It's nothing."

…

Wang Runqing was smoking a cigarette in the internal lounge provided by the organizer. Suddenly, the door was pushed open and Xiao Chenfeng jumped in. Wang Runqing asked angrily when he saw him, "What the f * ck were you waiting for just now? Didn't you say that you would show up after I stirred things up on my side?

I released my attitude on my side and you took the opportunity to help Wei Lan out of trouble. Not only could you prevent others from interfering with the Juncheng Real Estate, but you could also make Wei Lan treat you as her only hope. Killing two birds with one stone. What a perfect plan. However, you were half a step late and an unknown guy appeared. The whole atmosphere changed. "

Xiao Chenfeng also looked distressed. "Damn it. Just now, I was held back by a birdman and forced to give my name card. Now, that Li Mu got ahead of me. This is so f * cking frustrating!" Xiao Chenfeng said, "Now I'm afraid that Li Mu will interfere with this matter."

Wang Runqing gritted his teeth and said, "That guy is from Wanying Real Estate?

I will definitely find a chance to teach him how to be a person!

How dare he show off in front of me. He is seeking death! "

"F * ck."

Xiao Chenfeng waved his hand and took out a cigarette to light. Then, he said, "Forget it. You can't afford to offend that guy. It's best not to provoke him."

"What's so great about it?

He is just a young brat. Who doesn't have any connections in Beijing? "

Xiao Chenfeng puffed out a mouthful of smoke and said unhurriedly, "Makino Technology, Taobao, Alipay, they all belong to that brat. Moreover, the other shareholder of Wanying Real Estate is Chen Ze. It's not that I want to discourage you, but if you really want to play, you are no match for him. Even with me, it will be difficult. You definitely don't know how the son of Hongzhu Group got in, right?"