Chapter 1143

On the day before Christmas, other senior executives of DreamWorks Animation arrived in Hua Xia with the drafted contract, ready to hold a formal signing ceremony with Li Mu. The cooperation between DreamWorks Animation and Makino Image officially opened the floodgates of in-depth cooperation between the Hua Xia film industry and Hollywood.

The whole of DreamWorks Animation attached great importance to this cooperation. They and Li Mu each took what they needed. They wanted to use the ticketing system to enhance their influence in the North American film industry, and Li Mu hoped that DreamWorks Animation and Spielberg could promote Hua Xia well and improve the overall level of Hua Xia's film.

For this signing ceremony, Li Mu summoned Ning Hao, Teng Huatao, Tang Wei, Huang Bo, Zhang Kexuan, and Du Wei to Shenzhen. Before signing the contract, they had a detailed discussion with the big bosses of DreamWorks Animation, including Spielberg.

The detailed discussion was arranged in the banquet hall of a five-star hotel in Shenzhen. Although the signing ceremony would be held there tomorrow, today's meeting was not open to the outside world and the media.

For Ning Hao and Teng Huatao, both of them were new directors. Although the box office of "Those Years" had reached 400 million yuan and made history in the box office of Hua Xia's film, Teng Huatao was still very humble, because he knew very well that the reason why the film had such a high box office was 40% because of the story itself, 30% because of the publicity, and 20% because of the cast. It was already very good that he had 10% of the influence.

Ning Hao's "Crazy Stone" had not yet been released, and he was a new director who was even newer than Teng Huatao, so he was more humble and cautious.

The big bosses of DreamWorks Animation, especially Spielberg, might not be rich, but in terms of influence in the film and television industry, they were absolutely world-class. For Ning Hao and Teng Huatao, they felt excited and humble, like the players of a second-rate club meeting the big bosses of Ronaldo and Ronaldinho.

In this interview, Li Mu made a relatively specific request to DreamWorks Animation. "First of all, in the future films that we will jointly shoot in Hua Xia, we must use the actors of Makino Image, and the proportion of important Chinese and Western actors should be about 5: 5."

The big bosses of DreamWorks Animation immediately said, "No problem, let's stick to 5: 5. If the theme is special, we can give the actors of Hua Xia more."

Li Mu then made another request. "In exchange, DreamWorks Animation has to give Muye Image a guaranteed quota in all of its movies in the United States and other parts of the world. Muye Image has the right to provide no more than two Chinese actors and no more than two crew members in each of DreamWorks Animation's live-action movies in the future."

This request, on the one hand, was to let the production team and actors of Makino Image learn from Hollywood, and on the other hand, it was to help the actors of Makino Image to break into Hollywood.

Li Mu knew the greatness of Hua Xia's film and television industry. An actor could go to Hollywood to participate in a film with zero pay, and after returning to China, he could become an A-list actor or even a super-A-list actor. He did not want to let go of such an opportunity.

DreamWorks Animation did not bargain with Li Mu and accepted all of his requests. Their only goal was the Mu Ying ticketing system. As long as Li Mu did not propose to reduce their shares, they would not raise any objections to Li Mu's requests. After all, Li Mu's 20% shares were not for nothing. Even if they did not want money, they had to exchange for it with resources.

Seeing that DreamWorks Animation's attitude was very good, Li Mu was also very satisfied. He said to Spielberg and the other big bosses of DreamWorks Animation, "In the future, if the directors of our Makino Image have no films to shoot, I will send them to DreamWorks Animation to learn how Hollywood makes movies. From the script to the preparation to the casting, to the shooting, editing, and post-production, these are all things they need to learn."

Spielberg smiled and said, "Don't worry, Mr. Li. In the future, every production team of DreamWorks Animation will be open to you to observe. During the observation, our staff will tell you everything they know."

Li Mu nodded and looked at the excited Ning Hao and Teng Huatao. He smiled and said, "In the future, if you go to Hollywood to learn, you must settle down and learn the most advanced production experience in Hollywood. This will greatly promote the development of our Makino Image and the domestic film and television industry."

Both of them nodded and were extremely excited.

At this time, Spielberg said, "Mr. Li, in the past few days when I was with Hua Xia, I deliberately found some DVDs of Hua Xia's films and watched them. I found a very serious problem, which is the uneven quality of the actors. In every film I watched, most of the actors gave me a feeling that they didn't know how to act at all. It seemed that most of them looked very fake in front of the camera. They either didn't have enough strength or used too much strength. Not only the extras, but many of the leading actors also have this problem. If this problem can't be solved in the future, it will affect the quality of our cooperation to a great extent in the future."

Li Mu smacked his lips and sighed. "To tell you the truth, Steven, this is also something that I have been very helpless about. The biggest problem in our country is the overall lack of the quality of the employees. There are only a few authoritative film and television academies in the country, and most of the rest are art academies that mainly make money. In this case, not to mention these art academies that make money, even the authoritative film and television academies are full of hidden rules and under-the-table operations. Those who are truly capable can't get in, and even if they get in, they can't make a name for themselves. This is the biggest problem!"

As a veteran nationalistic youth, Ning Hao immediately agreed with Li Mu when he mentioned this problem. "Before entering the film academy, I thought it was the palace and the cradle of the film and television industry. Only after entering did I realize that this cradle is too f * cking filthy. Even the acting students of the film and television academy don't really know how to act. How can we expect this industry to develop?"

As he spoke, he pointed at the reserved and silent Huang Bo and said, "Don't be fooled by the fact that Huang Bo has never received any professional acting training, but his acting skills are enough to kill more than 90% of the so-called academic actors in the country."

Huang Bo hurriedly waved his hand. "Director Ning, I can't accept your words..."

At this time, before Ning Hao said anything, Li Mu said, "I think Ning Hao is right. Huang Bo's acting skills are indeed better than most academic actors. This is not only a compliment to Huang Bo, but also a question to the industry. Why is this happening? Why are people from the top film and television academies becoming less and less good at acting? In my opinion, it is because they no longer have the craftsmanship to do things to the extreme."

Speaking of this, Li Mu sighed, "Why were the ancient people so skilled in making ceramics? Why can't many classic works be replicated indiscriminately even with modern technology?

To put it bluntly, our current generation has lost the craftsmanship of the ancients. Although the film and television industry is a modern industry, it still requires a craftsmanship to do things well. The success of Hollywood is not only a commercial success, but also the ingenuity of countless masters. What our film and television industry lacks is this kind of spirit. Everyone is pursuing fame and fortune, but they dare to come out and make money without being familiar with the business. At the end of the day, it's because the industry environment is not healthy enough. If the industry was healthy enough, such people would not have a chance to succeed. "

Spielberg nodded and sighed. "From my personal point of view, the quality of many of Hua Xia's employees is indeed not good enough. None of the movies I've watched in the past few days have reached a superb level. The most obvious problem is the standard of the actors. So I think we must pay more attention to this aspect in the future. If possible, I hope that Makino Image can cultivate a group of actors with good acting skills."

Li Mu frowned slightly, and then his eyes lit up. "Yes!

It's very important to cultivate a group of actors with good acting skills!

Let's not talk about other things, we need to cultivate at least a hundred actors with good acting skills. In this way, no matter what team we use in the future, whether it's the director, the screenwriter, or the lead actor, we will have such a group of actors with good acting skills. They will not lower the production level of the entire film, and they will not affect the audience's sense of immersion. This is a huge asset. "

Thinking of this, Li Mu slapped his thigh. "That's right!

We have to spoil the users to the heavens!

We have to use exquisite production and excellent products to improve the users' aesthetic taste and raise their horizons. In this way, if those lousy movies dare to fool the audience in the future, they will definitely lose everything in the end. As long as they can't fool the audience with money, they will definitely be forced by the market to turn over a new leaf. Either they turn over a new leaf, or they die! "

Spielberg looked at Li Mu and said seriously, "Mr. Li, I think your theory is very correct. The main reason why the industry is muddy and stagnant is that there is little competitive pressure in terms of professional skills. If there are people who pay the bill whether the lead actor can act or not, the industry will naturally not develop in the future. However, if the taste of the market's demand is raised, the practitioners will definitely be forced to adapt to the market's demand, or they will inevitably be eliminated by the market."

As he spoke, Spielberg continued, "In fact, with your ability, I think it's completely possible to set up a film and television training school in Hua Xia. At that time, I can help you hire the best talents from Hollywood to be professors, and cultivate a group of new talents for Hua Xia's movies that are free from the influence of the current vanity fair, and completely Hollywood -style education, especially the actors. If you can cultivate dozens or hundreds of actors with good acting skills, then such a group of actors will definitely have a very big impact on the overall performance of a movie!"

Spielberg's words gave Li Mu a huge hint.

Opening a film and television training school was something that he had never thought about before, but now that he thought about it carefully, the film and television industry in Hua Xia was really terrible.

Now that the overall box office was in a slump, the director only wanted to win an award. In order to win an award, he did not hesitate to sell dog meat, and did not hesitate to use gray operations.

The actors only wanted to be famous, and in order to be famous, they did not hesitate to accept all kinds of unspoken rules, and even to enter the film academy, they had to carry out under-the-table deals.

And the film and television company only wanted to reduce the budget and increase the income, so that the movie's scenery and props could be saved as much as possible, and the extras did not have good acting skills, only the cheapest, and the post-production effects could be fooled as much as possible …