Chapter 927

No matter how much pain Boss Ma was in, Taobao's 929 promotion campaign continued.

From the morning onwards, three new celebrities took on the role of Taobao's spokesperson. These three celebrities were: Du Wei, Yuquan, and Xiao Yaxuan.

Du Wei had gained quite a bit of fame this year on both sides of the Taiwan Strait. Although she didn't have a lot of works, her songs were all classics. With Li Mu, Zhang Guorong, and others supporting her, she was very well-known in the country.

Yuquan became popular last year, and they were still the most popular group in the country.

Xiao Yaxuan became one of Taiwan's pop stars at the end of the last century with her song, "The Most Familiar Stranger." Naturally, her popularity was not a problem.

Even the people in Taobao didn't expect that Li Mu's crushing attack yesterday would have a new trick up his sleeve. When A-list celebrities used it, it was as if it was free.

When Taobao's second wave of celebrity advertisements came out, it basically suppressed the existence of Taobao's advertisements in the hearts of the people. Li Mu evaluated Taobao's current situation and could basically conclude that Boss Ma would definitely lose this promotion campaign. Taobao absolutely crushed Taobao in all aspects. Even their capital reserves were much higher than Boss Ma's. If they really started to burn money, Boss Ma wouldn't be able to keep up with Li Mu's pace.

To Li Mu, he naturally wouldn't blindly start burning money to compete with Boss Ma. However, he couldn't let his guard down against Boss Ma. Therefore, he still had to make the necessary preparations. Therefore, the core request he gave to Lei Jianguo was to keep an eye on Taobao. If Taobao made any new moves during this deadlock, he had to eliminate them in time.

Taobao's advertising campaign was overwhelming, making Li Mu the most popular entrepreneur in the country all of a sudden, without a doubt.

Makino Technology's popularity hadn't died down yet, but Taobao's large-scale promotion campaign became popular overnight. The Internet was full of news related to Li Mu. From Makino Technology to Taobao, from Hua Xia's domestic market to the overseas market, every media outlet used a lot of ink and space to report on Li Mu's two companies.

As a result, for the media and the public, the two companies, Makino Technology and Taobao, were no longer as simple as two companies.

There had never been a company like these two companies that could change people's lifestyles so much and penetrate so deeply into people's lives. Li Mu not only used the Internet to change people's lifestyles, but also brought people a sense of national pride that they had never had before. This made the image of the two companies in the minds of the people greatly sublimated. When people thought of these two companies, they wouldn't think of them as profit-seeking enterprises, nor would they think of Li Mu as a profit-seeking businessman. Instead, they really had a great favorable impression and pride for Li Mu and Li Mu's two companies.

It was actually not easy for a company to do this. In his previous life, there were so many giant Internet companies in Hua Xia, but there was almost no company that could really make people have a great favorable impression and pride.

At the same time, good news came one after another.

The first was the visa issue for Makino Technology's employees.

Originally, such a large number of visas was indeed a problem. The speed of the US embassy's approval was also a little slow. But now, eBay and PayPal sent official business invitations to Makino Technology at the same time.

Two well-known Internet companies in the US sent business invitations to Makino Technology. This was indeed very important to the visa officers of the US embassy. They paid special attention to this group of employees applying for business visas from Makino Technology. Almost immediately, they specifically communicated with Makino Technology, gathered together to quickly go through the visa signing process, and then settled the visas in the shortest time possible.

After Li Mu heard the news from Lin Ching-ah, he almost immediately displayed his profiteering nature. He immediately said to Lin Ching-ah, "Go and talk to the people in charge of the technology, product, marketing, and promotion departments. Since we have this opportunity, we should apply for business visas for some employees in advance. We should strive to apply for more than half of the employees in these departments at one time. Once we get business visas, we can increase the manpower input in the US market at any time in the future."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "Then I will organize a meeting later to communicate with them."

As she said this, Lin Ching-ah said again, "By the way, about the thing you asked me to communicate with the municipal office, there has been a clear reply. Recently, our momentum is really too strong. The municipal government hopes that the leaders will inspect us as soon as possible, preferably tomorrow."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It seems that the leaders of the municipal government are also very eager. We just happen to cater to their needs."

With the current momentum of Makino Technology and Taobao, the leaders of the municipal government really wanted to come and inspect them. On the one hand, it showed that the municipal government attached great importance to these two companies. On the other hand, they could also take advantage of the popularity of the news, which was the best of both worlds. However, the municipal government was also worried that a super busy person like Li Mu would not have time to deal with them at the moment. They were worried that if they took the initiative to look for Li Mu at this time, Li Mu would refuse because he was too busy, and it would not look good for the municipal government.

But unexpectedly, Li Mu actually asked Lin Ching-ah to take the initiative to contact the municipal government, hoping to be able to invite the municipal government leaders to inspect Makino Technology. This was like having a pillow stuffed into one's pillow when one was sleepy. Li Mu was really too considerate.

In fact, Li Mu's idea was also very simple. When his company's reputation and influence were at the highest, he could not only take the opportunity to make demands to the leaders, but also to give the leaders a favor. The media all over the country were paying attention to Makino Technology. At this time, when the leaders came to inspect, they would naturally be paid attention by hundreds of media. In the officialdom of the municipal government, such a large amount of media exposure was also very rare.

Therefore, Li Mu was convenient for himself, and at the same time, it was convenient for the leaders of the municipal government.

Therefore, the leaders of the municipal government responded almost immediately. It was better to have the inspection as soon as possible, and tomorrow would be the best.

Lin Ching-ah also understood Li Mu's idea, so she said, "Then I will reply to the municipal government office and set the inspection at ten o 'clock tomorrow morning. What do you think?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "The time is just right. After you confirm the time and itinerary, inform the media."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Don't worry, I understand."