Chapter 265

This weekend, the brothers from Dormitory 606 did not follow along for the financial aid. Dong Ai formed a team specifically to handle this matter. She sent a person from the Student Council whom she trusted to lead the team and a finance person to follow them throughout the entire process. This new team went directly to the northwest mountainous area. Dong Ai, on the other hand, flew to Shanghai early Saturday morning. The promotion of 3321 in the Shanghai market had already started. For a period of time in the future, she would focus all her energy on opening up the Shanghai market. The size of Shanghai was comparable to that of Beijing, and it was a market with at least tens of thousands of users.

Li Mu went to stay with Ning Hao for the whole day. Ning Hao rented a room in a hotel near the Yan Jing Film Academy and interviewed a bunch of crew members with Li Mu. Many of them were recommended by Ning Hao. For example, the cameraman was his good friend, Lu Ming. Li Mu did not know much about famous cameramen in the future. Since he was trustworthy, he believed in his ability.

Lu Ming had worked as a cameraman for a few small production films and was quite experienced in this area. He also had assistants and sound recordists that he had worked with for a long time, so using him was equivalent to having an entire cameraman and sound recordists team. As for the various equipment needed for filming, they could just rent it from the rental company.

Li Mu stayed in the hotel for the whole day and basically confirmed most of the future functional members of the crew. A few actors with lines were also basically confirmed. The only one left was Chen Kun. Ning Hao said that Chen Kun had nothing to do over the weekend and would go to Shanghai to visit Zhao Wei, who was filming Unparalleled in the World. So he could only return to Yan Jing on Sunday night.

When they were eating downstairs at the hotel that night, Ning Hao said, "I gave Chen Kun a call and roughly talked about it. He said that the pay for a movie is now 100,000 yuan, and a TV series is 10,000 yuan per episode. But this is the price offered by the management company. I have a little friendship with him, but we are not very close. What he means is that if it is really as we said, that the film is long and the duration is short, and you don't play the lead role, the price should be half."

Li Mu nodded.

He said, "With a 50% discount, it's only 50,000 yuan. Sure, sign it."

Ning Hao laughed awkwardly, looking as if he wanted to say something but hesitated.

Li Mu said, "If there's anything you want to say, just say it."

Ning Hao took out a cigarette, lit it, and spat out a mouthful of smoke. "To be honest, it's not worth it to hire him for fifty thousand yuan. I think it's better to find someone from the Film Academy who majored in acting and has a good image.

Three to five thousand, and it won't be much worse than him. "

Li Mu did not answer him. Instead, he smiled and asked, "Since you're so good at calculating costs, if I invest in you to make a comedy, a 90-minute to 110-minute movie, how much do you think it will cost?"

Ning Hao said, "A comedy also depends on the genre, whether it's more about the story, the actors, or the setting."

Li Mu said, "Just shoot what you're best at."

Ning Hao sat up straight and said seriously, "Although I don't have much experience as a director, I have two principles when it comes to making movies: I don't believe in big investments, and I don't believe in big stars.

I don't know if you've seen Gary Ritchie's' Two Smoking Pipes'. The script is ingenious, and the filming method is very thoughtful. It has multiple clues, intersecting montage editing, a super low cost of 1.6 million pounds, and a lot of amateur actors. But it's a huge hit in the box office and reputation, becoming a classic of black humor. "

Li Mu was a little surprised. He did not expect Ning Hao to be influenced by Galic so early on. His "Crazy Stone" had Galic's shadow in the plot clues and narrative techniques, but he did not know about the movie "Crazy Stone".

He did not know about this movie, did it already have a prototype in his mind?

Li Mu said, "After we finish shooting this micro movie, if you have a good script and ideas, you can find me. I'll invest in your movie."

Ning Hao scratched his head and looked at Li Mu in disbelief. "You're not kidding, are you?

I also want to ask you.

Where did you get the investment for 'Oldboys'? A movie with a budget of two million for forty minutes. I'm so jealous. "

Li Mu put down his chopsticks and asked him seriously, "Have you really not heard of me before?"

Ning Hao shook his head and said with a blank face, "I've never heard of you. What does your family do?"

Li Mu asked him, "Have you heard of 3321?"

Ning Hao still shook his head.

Li Mu asked him again, "Have you heard of Makino Technology?"

Ning Hao still shook his head.

Li Mu gave up.

He asked him, "What do you do in your spare time besides going to class?"

Ning Hao took a drag of his cigarette, counted with his fingers and said, "You see, in addition to going to class, I also work part-time. I make sure I watch one or two movies every day, and I also write scripts."

Li Mu asked him, "Don't you watch TV?"

Ning Hao shook his head. "I don't watch TV at all except when I'm eating in the cafeteria."

Li Mu felt a little resentful. He thought he was a famous person, but the future famous person in front of him had never heard of him before.

Li Mu said, "Let me tell you this. I've opened a few companies. In addition to the newly established Makino Image, there's another company called Makino Technology. It's quite famous in the Internet circle. You can check it online when you have time."

Ning Hao said doubtfully, "Then I'll go back and do some research."

Under normal circumstances, Li Mu didn't want to be too high-profile, but in the face of a future famous director, he really wanted to gain his worship and faith. If he wanted him to work for Makino Image wholeheartedly, he had to first convince him of his ability. It was just investing a few million to make a movie. He could fulfill this promise next year, and he wouldn't have to wait until 2006 to make a name for himself.

After dinner, Li Mu told Ning Hao to sign Chen Kun's contract. Ning Hao nodded and asked Li Mu, "Then do you still want to make time to see him?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "How about this, after the contract is signed, you can make an appointment with him. I'll treat you both to dinner."

Ning Hao said, "Okay, I'll make an appointment with him as soon as possible."

When they came out, Ning Hao asked Li Mu, "How are you going back?

It's not easy to get a taxi around here. If you want to get a taxi, you'll have to walk to the entrance of the film academy. "

Li Mu took out the GL8 car key, pressed the remote control, and said calmly, "I drove here."

Ning Hao was surprised, but he secretly sighed in his heart. He was driving a private car before the age of twenty, and he would be twenty-five next year, but he didn't even have a bicycle. There was really no comparison.

Also, where did this kid come from?

Rich second generation?

Rich second generation?

Yanjing was a place full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Maybe he was the son of some prominent family.

Ning Hao watched as Li Mu got into the driver's seat, said goodbye, and drove away. Suddenly, the name of the company that Li Mu mentioned appeared in his mind.

Makino Technology, where did it come from?

As Ning Hao thought about it, he turned around and went to an illegal internet cafe in the alley.

Twenty minutes later, Ning Hao walked out of the internet cafe as if he had lost his soul. He was still in shock from the information he had just found.

It turned out that the Tieba that he had been using was a product of Makino Technology. Luckily, he went to the Director's Tieba to discuss and communicate with other friends when he was free. He didn't expect that the Tieba was actually developed by Li Mu's company. And after carefully checking the articles about Makino Technology on those IT portals, the company's valuation was actually more than three hundred million yuan.

Three hundred million yuan!

Ning Hao didn't understand the concept of the internet and bubbles, but three hundred million yuan was an astronomical figure to him. Li Mu had such an achievement at such a young age, which made him feel ashamed. And when he thought about Li Mu saying that he wanted to invest in his movie, he thought that Li Mu was joking with him. But now, it seemed that since Li Mu had such a big company like Makino Technology and had already established Makino Image, it wouldn't be difficult for him to invest a few million yuan in his movie …

Ning Hao's biggest wish was to find an investor to invest a few million yuan in a real movie. Now, it seemed that as long as he followed Li Mu, this wish would come true in the near future.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly found a public phone booth by the road, took out a phone book, and called Chen Kun.

Chen Kun was one year older than Ning Hao, and he was doing better than Ning Hao, so Ning Hao was very polite to him over the phone.

"Brother Kun, have you communicated with the management company about what I told you before?"

Chen Kun answered on the other end of the phone and said, "I've communicated with them. There's no problem with the schedule, but the price and the script. The company said that if it's really a forty-minute movie like you said, then we'll pay you fifty thousand yuan. Also, the script. My manager and I want to take a look at it first."

Ning Hao hurriedly said, "There's no problem with the script. I'll send it to you when you get back to Yanjing."

Chen Kun reminded him, "The role of the character in the script can't be too bad. If it's a big villain, I'm afraid my company won't let me take it."

Ning Hao's heart tightened. Chen Kun was going to be the second male lead, and he was going to be the villain. If Chen Kun's management company didn't agree to it, then it would be really bad.

However, Ning Hao was also a smart person, so he said, "Actually, this character in the script isn't that bad. In high school, to chase after the female lead, he had a little conflict with the male lead. Later on, he got along well and took advantage of the situation to marry the female lead. Later on, he caused a little trouble for the male lead. That's all. Speaking of it, it's not too bad."

As he said that, Ning Hao changed the topic and deliberately reminded him, "The male lead of this movie is the main singer of Simple Plans. He's now very famous in the music industry and the circle of music lovers. He's going to be on the Spring Festival Gala soon, and this micro movie is going to be broadcast after the gala. When the time comes, it will definitely attract a lot of attention. You should communicate with your management company more.