Chapter 585

Fang Xudong was a technical maniac. His greatest joy was not how much money he made, but how awesome the products he made were.

Just like his biggest idol, Linus Torvalds, who created the Linux kernel and was said to be the supreme god of the Internet, he also hoped to be remembered by the people in the industry through the development of awesome products. However, he had never had a truly top-notch product idea to help him realize his dream. But ever since he joined Makino Technology, he increasingly felt that Li Mu must be the super product manager who drove him to develop top-notch products. In his career in the industry, what he needed the most was such a person to guide him in the right direction, so he ran desperately in that direction.

This set of express delivery information processing system might not sound like much, but once it was completed, it would at least become the leader of the domestic express delivery industry. It might not be able to compete with express delivery companies in Western countries that were valued at more than 100 million US dollars, but once it was completed, it would at least become the leader of the domestic express delivery industry. It might even become the bridgehead of the domestic physical industry.

Moreover, Fang Xudong understood that this was just the beginning. He had just joined Makino Technology, and he was still young. Li Mu was even younger. If he worked together with him, he might really be able to produce a product that would amaze the whole world in the future. Now, what he needed to do most was to create the management system that Li Mu wanted as soon as possible. Since it involved the compatibility and compatibility between hardware and software, he could not help but think further. He said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, if possible, I want to recruit a group of hardware engineers and set up a hardware testing and R&D department within Makino Technology. In the future, the logistics system will not only need simple hardware equipment such as scanning guns. Perhaps in the future, our sorting conveyor belt will also need the ability to scan codes automatically. In the future, our entire sorting system may need to be automated. Only the combination of hardware and software can truly become a set of systems, a set of online and offline solutions, and a virtual reality solution. Therefore, this work must be carried out as soon as possible."

Li Mu agreed very much. He nodded and said, "Hardware is a major trend in the future development of the Internet, and we must get involved in it in advance. How about this, you take the lead and set up the first internal laboratory of our Makino Technology, specializing in hardware and the combination of hardware and software."

In the future, the development of the combination of hardware and software would indeed be an important core of the entire Internet, and even the national industry, light industry, and electronic manufacturing industry. Many oligarchs in the Internet field had their own hardware laboratories. If this could be done, it would be of great significance.

Then, a hardware laboratory, no matter how simple, would cost tens of millions of yuan a year. Fang Xudong found it hard to imagine that Li Mu would agree so easily. He increasingly felt that joining Makino Technology was the most important and correct decision he had ever made in his career.

Then, Li Mu said to Liu Xiaodong, "Senior Brother, although the logistics company has to start from scratch, it will have an incomparably huge structure in the future. I don't have the mental energy to operate such a large long-term plate, so its future operation will be handed over to you. If you need any resources or support, just tell me."

"Don't worry, I will do my best."

How could Liu Yidong not understand what Li Mu meant? Li Mu had given him 10% of the shares precisely because he wanted to leave the logistics company to him. Although Liu Yidong was just a self-employed businessman in Zhongguancun before the New Year, and although he had not yet stimulated his potential as an overbearing CEO, Li Mu had decided to give him a boost. Li Mu was like the turbocharger of a car engine, instilling surging air into Liu Yidong's engine, allowing him to burn more fully and explode more power.

Li Mu said, "The two of us will take out another 10% of the shares for the future team option pool. The specific allocation will be decided by you. My principle is what I said before, no matter what, we'll do our best to poach people!"

After going through the logistics company's development process, Li Mu immediately called Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming to meet. These two were the two people with the most resources and channels he knew. He wondered if they had the relevant resources in the airline industry. If they did, it would be great.

…

Hangzhou, Ali, right.

Boss Ma was also in Ali for a meeting with the core backbones. Taobao had contacted Home Express. For Boss Ma, it was equivalent to triggering the fuse he had prepared in advance. As for whether this fuse would detonate a bomb or a new opportunity, it all depended on Li Mu's decision.

In Boss Ma's plan to counterattack Taobao, there were two generals in charge of two major parts. One was Cai Chongxin, who was responsible for building the logistics system. Now, Home Express, Shentong, and Yuantong were all managed by him. The other was Lu Zhaoxi, who was responsible for building Ali's own C2C platform.

Right now, what Cai Chongxin needed to do was to firmly control these three logistics companies as soon as possible and be prepared to block Taobao in the future even if he had to incur losses. In order to cure Lu Zhaoxi, the biggest task was to complete the development and testing of the platform as soon as possible.

Boss Ma said at the meeting, "Now that Taobao has realized the lack of logistics capacity, if they are willing to sit down and talk about cooperation, we can jointly plan for the domestic C2C market in the future. If they still refuse, then we have to do it ourselves. Recently, I have been in contact with the leaders of the major banks in Hangzhou. Now, the central bank has not given any direct feedback on Alipay. It seems that they have acquiesced in this form. If we decide to do it ourselves, then we can also open an online merchant entrance in the four major banks. If we have our own payment channel and also use the Alipay model as a transaction guarantee, then we will have our own Alipay. The gap with Taobao will be narrowed, and the chances of success will be greater."

After a pause, Boss Ma said, "In the new round of financing that we just completed, we suffered a lot of losses in order to quickly receive the funds. But as long as we can gain a foothold in the C2C market, this loss is very worth it. So everyone must be 120% vigilant. Before we achieve our goal, no one can relax!"

As he said this, Boss Ma looked at Cai Chongxin and said, "Chongxin, your work there is the most important. Block Makino Technology downstream, make it unable to bear the burden of the upstream, make its resources take the initiative to escape, and make it collapse. This is your most important task."

Cai Chongxin said, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Boss Ma nodded and said to Lu Zhaoxi, "Zhaoxi, next we have to compete with Taobao from head to toe. If it has a platform, so do we. If it has Alipay, so do we. If it has traffic but no manufacturers, we have manufacturers but no traffic. So, you are responsible for the platform, Alipay, and traffic online products."

Lu Zhaoxi immediately said, "No problem, leave it to me."

Boss Ma said to everyone with satisfaction, "Now think about it. If our platform is built well and our payment products are opened, what is the difference between us and Taobao? It seems like there is no obvious weakness except traffic.

But compared to them, we have a very obvious advantage, which is our manufacturer resources and our downstream logistics and transportation resources. Manufacturers can provide us with more products, express delivery can provide us with higher transaction efficiency, and at the same time, we can slow down our competitors. With these two advantages, it is only a matter of time before we beat Taobao. In the future, once our own platform is online, what we need the most is to poach the resources of small and medium-sized Taobao sellers. As long as they cooperate with us, they can get better and more sources of goods, and faster turnover efficiency. As long as they migrate to our platform, their customers will definitely follow. In that case, we will not be far from success. "

Boss Ma's strategic idea was very clear, and the employees present agreed with his strategic plan very much. After saying what he wanted to say, Boss Ma said, "Later, I will ask someone to contact Taobao again and make an appointment with Li Mu to see what his attitude is."

Cai Chongxin said with a smile, "If he is far-sighted enough, he must be like an ant on a hot pan by now. Knowing that the logistics resources are in our hands, he will definitely be anxious to meet you."

"I think so too."

Boss Ma nodded, then shrugged and smiled. "But who knows? Li Mu is a person who doesn't play by the rules. Maybe at this time, he is more concerned about his reputation than business."

…

At five o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu had already made an appointment with Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming at six o' clock to have dinner and talk about business, so he was ready to leave Taobao. Before leaving, he went through the next steps with Liu Xiaodong. Liu Xiaodong stayed in Taobao to wait for the next round of Mango-ME's instant kill. Once the instant kill was over, he would immediately turn his energy to the preparation of the express company. He would go around the world to recruit logistics talents, especially the four companies, Express Delivery, SF Express, Yuantong, and Shentong. He would be responsible for raising the funds immediately, and then find the resources of the airline companies to buy a portion of the cargo space in the plane.

Li Mu did not expect to be able to set up the logistics company in one go. He had planned three logistics bases in the early stage: Yanjing, Shanghai, and Yangcheng. Even if he could only do point-to-point transportation in these three cities at the beginning, it did not matter. He would move first, and then gradually expand his coverage. Rome was not built in a day. He would move first, and build it bit by bit.

After confirming the division of their respective responsibilities, Li Mu was ready to leave. At this time, the business interface of Taobao came to the office and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Hangzhou Alibaba called and said that their Boss Ma wants to make an appointment with you. You promised to meet him when you have time."

Li Mu waved his hand without hesitation. "Reply to them. Just say that I'm too lazy to see him, and I don't want to see him. Not now, not in the future!

Reply to me exactly as I said. Go! "