Chapter 868

The news broadcast only broadcasted Li Mu's short speech, and then it skipped to other news. The more detailed interview content would have to wait until the focus interview at around 7: 40.

It was only 7: 10, and the remaining half an hour was the time for Li Mu's speech to quickly ferment.

Li Mu's two "world's most" ambitions were too big, so big that the first instinct of many people was: Isn't this too big of a boast?

The first ambition was understandable. After all, Hua Xia had a huge population advantage, and the momentum of economic development was good. If it continued to develop like this, the number of netizens would become the world's largest one day. Once the number of netizens reached the world's largest, it would not be far from becoming the world's largest single market. This was a result of the population and national conditions, and it had nothing to do with Li Mu.

But the second "ambition" was too pretentious.

From the birth of the Internet industry to its beginning, to the rapid development a few years ago, and the sudden collapse of the Internet bubble, every stage was dominated by the Western world. Hua Xia was like a transfer student with a weak foundation, desperately trying to catch up with the progress, but there was still a long way to go. She was ranked below average in the class with many top students, and it was almost impossible for her to jump to the top of the class in one go.

The people of Hua Xia originally had such ambitions, but they had just experienced the most exaggerated 20 years of business development. In the past 20 years, there had been too many strange things in the business field, such as multi-level marketing organizations, shell companies, and all kinds of uncontrolled and unrestrained false propaganda on TV and newspapers, causing the entire business field to be involved in a huge wave of exaggeration and falsehood.

A few years ago, almost every enterprise flaunted themselves as the pride of the entire Hua Xia nation, wishing that they could only rely on a bottle of turtle essence without turtle essence to benefit the entire human race.

There were too many such enterprises, so that everyone had experienced too much empty joy and being cheated. The ambition of the rise of national enterprises had almost been obliterated long ago. Therefore, Li Mu's ambition gave many viewers the feeling that he was a satellite, so they subconsciously sneered at such remarks.

"Damn it, after becoming famous, he became arrogant. Instead of focusing on his own business, he came out to boast?"

"Who does he think he is?

It's already amazing that you can stop imitating others after spouting such arrogant words and becoming the world's top internet presence! "

"The way I see it, this Li Mu is getting more and more uncanny. Chances are that in a few years, he will be a big scam of 'Hua Xia Turtle Essence'!"

Such comments were the most direct and subconscious reaction of the audience. However, as soon as such comments appeared, the audience who were not so subjective immediately refuted them with facts and reason.

"Is Li Mu still arrogant?

He was doing so many money-making things, yet he was still thinking about promoting the development of the entire industry and working for the welfare of the entire industry. How could such a person be so arrogant?

Didn't you hear what the Minister of the Economic and Trade Commission said?

'Internet into the home' was proposed by Li Mu. If not for Li Mu's proposal, how could there be such a good policy? "

"Whether or not Li Mu can make Hua Xia's Internet industry the world's top, I think that Li Mu's Makino Technology and Taobao will definitely become the world's top Internet companies. Don't say that Li Mu is imitating others. The Internet itself is a product of Western countries. Other than Americans, who doesn't imitate others?

YY and Taobao did borrow the Internet model of Western countries, but 3321, Tieba, and Happy Farm are all their own originals. Many of the products based on YY are also original, such as YY Group, YY Show, and YY Space. These are all created by Makino Technology. "

"Are you stupid?

Comparing 'Hua Xia Turtle Essence' with Li Mu?

What is Hua Xia Turtle Essence?

The factory has been in operation for more than ten years, fooling the people of Hua Xia for so long, earning so much money from the people of Hua Xia, and in the end, not even a single tortoise has been used up. Let's not talk about other things. Just 3321 alone has done so much for Hua Xia's education industry.

I'm not afraid to tell you that I'm just a university student. Now I can earn more than three thousand a month through 3321. After deducting my expenses, I send home two thousand and five hundred a month. Isn't this all because of Li Mu?

A guy like you, who is slandering others, obviously didn't go to school. You didn't even graduate from junior high, right? "

More and more people calmed down and thought about this question carefully. Only then did they come to a realization. Li Mu was different from those fake companies that released satellites. He was a true internet genius. He was only twenty years old and had a net worth of more than ten billion yuan. He was able to reach this step in such a short period of time. Was it difficult for him to make Hua Xia the world's number one in the internet industry in a few years or even a decade?

Moreover, it was hard to convince themselves that Li Mu released satellites. Li Mu had walked step by step from the day he established the Yi Ting website to where he was now. No matter how fast he ran, the footprints on the ground were all neat and tidy. Was such a person not qualified to say such words?

Taking ten thousand steps back, even if this wish was really difficult, even if the possibility of success was really slim, Li Mu was definitely the only person who had the chance to help Hua Xia realize this dream. Moreover, not only was he a genius, but he could also convince the country to support him. Now that the country was obviously going to vigorously promote the development of the internet, and even the country was taking action, was it really that far away to realize this wish?

Just as everyone was enthusiastically discussing Li Mu's words offline and online, Li Mu was also thinking about what kind of response the two words he had released on the news broadcast would cause in the country.

The last time he was interviewed, the entry point he chose was not as high as this time. Previously, when Li Mu appeared in the public eye as the founder of two companies for the first time, most of his thoughts were on how to clear his name and how to support his own success. Although he had also talked about how he hoped to promote the development of the internet, he had never thought that he would make such a big statement this time.

It was the same goal. If it was expressed in a reasonable way, it would give people a relatively humble and low-key feeling. However, if it was raised high and used words like "definitely", "first", "biggest", and "peak", it would give people a rather tough and extremely confident feeling. At this moment, Li Mu wanted to erect such an image.

Although Hua Xia had always been particular about modesty and introverted, Li Mu was now standing at the peak of Hua Xia's internet industry. It was time for him to look at the world. If he still kept a low profile at this time, not only would he not be able to control the domestic market, he would also not be able to make a name for himself overseas. Therefore, Li Mu decided to make use of this opportunity to make a statement and be more high-profile. He wanted to first become a god in the domestic internet industry.

The so-called becoming a god was not to be the boss of the industry, nor was it to dominate the industry. Li Mu only had one thought. This time, he wanted everyone in the industry and outside the industry to completely understand, be convinced, and be convinced of his position in the industry. He wanted to completely divide the pyramid of Hua Xia's internet industry. Not just the tip of the pyramid, but a small half of the top would be his. He wanted to completely surpass all his peers in the industry!

Only by unswervingly establishing this image could they better wrestle with the overseas capital and the overseas market.

Therefore, Li Mu wanted to take this opportunity to pretend to be ruthless!

Thinking back to the powerful people in his previous life, which one of them was not an expert in showing off?

Boss Ma's pretentiousness could be piled up into the Mount Everest in the world of pretentiousness. Senior Brother Liu, when he was full of himself, he also pretended to be pretentious everywhere, biting whoever he caught. Cult Leader Lei, oh my god, he pretended to be pretentious for Xiaomi. Javus, his pretentiousness spanned across industries and oceans. Big Sister Dong, she was a natural …

Actually, most of the time, the powerful people did not show off purely for the sake of showing off. It was for the sake of profits. The media had seen two big shots showing off to each other and betting a few hundred million on each other. It looked like they were ready to challenge each other to a duel in front of the whole world. But when people heard their true motives, it made people want to cry. It was nothing more than bundling marketing.

Back then, Cult Leader Lei had wanted to make a bet with Big Sis Dong. The bet was only one yuan, but Big Sis Dong had slammed the table and domineeringly increased the bet to one billion. This domineering move had stunned a bunch of media and onlookers. While everyone was waiting to watch a good show, Xiaomi's mobile phone and Gree's air-conditioner were quietly selling better and better.

Finally, when the time limit of the bet came, everyone questioned the two parties whether they had fulfilled the bet or not. The two parties laughed and played dumb to deal with it. During the two meetings, they sat together laughing and joking. How could they still look like opponents?

It was as if they were good friends!

Where was the attitude of fighting to the death at that time?

Where did they go?

When the onlookers came back to their senses, they looked down at the Xiaomi mobile phone in their hands, and then looked up at the Gree Electric air conditioner on the wall. They slapped their foreheads and suddenly realized: "Damn … we were tricked by the Japanese!"

If one could make the most powerful advertisement by just moving one's mouth, then why not?

What Li Mu wanted was the result of overcoming a thousand catties with little effort.

He wanted to make use of this opportunity to send a strong signal to all the competitors in the same industry, as well as overseas investors. The content of the signal was: In the Hua Xia Internet industry, only I dare to say that I can promote the development of the whole industry. Only I have the ability to make this a reality!

You all don't need to think about whether I am the most powerful. Let me tell you.

I am the most powerful!