Chapter 551

Zhang Guorong's introduction of Du Wei successfully attracted everyone's attention. Li Mu, who was in the audience, could not help but break into a cold sweat. He seemed to have overestimated Du Wei. In any case, Du Wei only had three works. Even if they were all excellent works, they could not support the title of a future Heavenly Queen, which was too heavy in the entertainment industry.

However, Li Mu soon felt relieved. This was Zhang Guorong's recognition of Du Wei. Perhaps Du Wei's voice and feeling were really to his taste and could move his heart. Although Du Wei was a newcomer and did not have many works, a good voice could capture people's hearts in an instant. Just like the singer Jeff Buckley, who died young, did not have many works, but his cover of "Hallelujah" was regarded as a classic among classics in the Western music industry. He and this song were also sought after like a god by countless famous European and American singers. It was because of Jeff Buckley's voice, feeling, and his own interpretation of the song, that in time, she would become a Heavenly Queen of the music industry.

It was undeniable that Du Wei's voice was indeed excellent, and she was different from most stars. She was a real academic, just like the rock band "Dream-Theater". Because every member was a top academic, they were able to pull apart the gap between them and other rock bands. With a voice like Du Wei's and her musical sense, it would not be a mere fantasy for her to become a Heavenly Queen of the music industry in the future.

Du Wei, who was nervous, walked onto the stage under everyone's gaze. Zhang Guorong avoided the microphone, patted her on the shoulder, and deliberately said some encouraging words in her ear. Li Mu did not know what he said, but Du Wei seemed to be much calmer.

At this time, the attention of the Hong Kong media was also attracted by the beautiful girl next to Zhang Guorong. Du Wei's appearance and temperament also amazed the media present. Although they still did not know Du Wei, after all, it was Zhang Guorong who was so supportive, which was already a hot news in itself.

Zhang Guorong handed the stage to Du Wei. Du Wei hesitated for less than three seconds, stood in front of the microphone, and gracefully and generously thanked Zhang Guorong, the Seedling Protection Foundation, and all the guests present. She called on everyone to pay more attention to the sexual protection of minors and support the charity work of the Seedling Protection Foundation to continue.

After reciting the content, Du Wei also took the opportunity to announce that Makino Image would donate one million Hong Kong dollars to the Seedling Protection Foundation. This was decided by Li Mu before. It would be unreasonable not to donate money to the charity gala. Donating one million Hong Kong dollars could be regarded as a return of gratitude to Xiao Fangfang and Zhang Guorong.

In this day and age, there were indeed very few companies that could donate one million Hong Kong dollars to a charity fund of the scale of the Seedling Protection Foundation. It could even be said that there were almost none. Generally speaking, large companies could only donate a few hundred thousand Hong Kong dollars. Therefore, after Du Wei announced the donation of one million Hong Kong dollars, the audience applauded continuously.

Xiao Fangfang and Zhang Guorong had sat back at the round table at this moment. Before this, Xiao Fangfang did not hear Li Mu say that he would donate. When she heard that Du Wei would donate one million Hong Kong dollars, Xiao Fangfang turned her head and said to Li Mu gratefully, "Mr. Li, thank you so much for your generous support to the Seedling Protection Foundation."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said lightly, "It's what I should do."

After that, Yan Jing looked at Du Wei, who had already bowed and stepped down in the applause. Yan Jing thought to herself, "Today, for nothing else but for the introduction that Zhang Guorong made to Du Wei, the one million Hong Kong dollars was worth it. Moreover, the money was donated to charity. Li Mu even felt that he had not donated enough.

Next, several other stars, including Mo Wenwei, appeared on the stage to give speeches. After their speeches, a short performance began. After the performance, the donation-raising session began. The invited enterprises and celebrities began to appear on the stage one after another. The amount of their donations had already been set in advance, and they had also made a large version of the check prop, which was used as a formality on the stage. Xiao Fangfang had to complete the awarding ceremony with each donating enterprise and individual on the stage, so she left. Li Mu and Du Wei sat at the table, and Zhang Guorong was still taking the initiative to chat with Du Wei.

Zhang Guorong was in a good mood today, mostly because of Du Wei. After interacting with Du Wei, he liked this simple and lovely girl more and more. In his eyes, Du Wei was just like a clear spring in the entertainment circle, pure and untainted. He had been in the entertainment circle for half of his life, and he had long been used to the deception in the entertainment circle. Because of this, he especially loved Du Wei.

Zhang Guorong also gave advice to Du Wei, saying, "The Japanese pop music circle has always paid special attention to melody. In the past, a large number of singers in Hong Kong, including me, relied on the songs of the Japanese pop music circle. Everyone rewrote the lyrics of Japanese songs, and the effect was very good. It also created a large number of Cantonese classics. But later, the Hong Kong music circle has been calling for originality, and even launched an originality movement. Now Hong Kong singers dare not cover Japanese songs. You see, there is no such restriction in Taiwan. Liu Xiaoying became very popular after she covered several Japanese songs with rewritten lyrics. In fact, you can also give it a try. This method can ensure that a batch of high-quality songs will be released quickly."

Li Mu originally wanted to ask Du Wei to find an opportunity to get closer to Zhang Guorong, but he did not expect that Zhang Guorong was so concerned about her. He was very pleased. When he was alone and idle, Xiao Fangfang suddenly took advantage of the gap and ran over nervously. She went directly to Zhang Guorong and said in a low voice with a serious expression, "Leslie, I just heard that Zu Yaoting is also here tonight. Later, he will make a donation on the stage as a representative of the company. Do you want to take a rest in the backstage lounge?"

Zhang Guorong's expression immediately changed. She frowned and asked her, "Sister Fang, why is Zu Yaoting here?"

Xiao Fangfang said with an ashamed expression, "It's my fault. I didn't know that a jewelry store that was invited tonight had been bought by the Zu family a while ago. They only wrote the president and his English name, Jack, on the guest list. They didn't leave his full name. I only saw his name when I was checking the donation list just now. I asked him and found out that he is the president of that jewelry store. He just came here not long ago and just handed his name in."

Zhang Guorong's expression was a little angry, but after a moment, she said, "Sister Fang, it's okay. If he comes, then so be it. If I hide from him today, who knows what the Zu family's newspapers and magazines will say about me tomorrow."

Xiao Fangfang tried to persuade her a little anxiously, "You know very well what kind of person Zu Yaoting is. He can even let the paparazzi openly violate the law and sneak into your home. If he sees you today and takes the opportunity to make things difficult for you, with so many reporters watching, you'll be the one to suffer."

Zhang Guorong nodded, but said with a bit of stubbornness, "Don't you understand why he deliberately hid his identity tonight?

He used this trick because he knew that if he revealed his identity earlier, you'd keep him at the door. Apart from me, who else could make him go through so much trouble today?

I can't hide from him even if I want to. I might as well stay here and see what he's up to. "

Xiao Fangfang was burning with anxiety. She wanted to persuade her again, but in the end, Zhang Guorong said resolutely, "Sister Fang, I've been slandered by the Zu family for so many years, but I've never backed down. Don't let me be a coward today."

Xiao Fangfang hesitated for a moment with a conflicted expression. Seeing that Zhang Guorong didn't change her mind at all, she said, "I'll try my best to get rid of him later."

The two talked in Cantonese, so Li Mu could only vaguely hear them. A moment later, Xiao Fangfang returned to the stage. Zhang Guorong also stopped talking and laughing with Du Wei. Instead, she sat sideways, leaning on the edge of the table with one arm and slightly crossing her legs, looking like she was ready for battle.

A moment later, the award ceremony went to a local clothing brand in Hong Kong. The boss of this company donated 100,000 Hong Kong dollars to the Children's Conservation Fund. After taking a photo with Xiao Fangfang, he took the microphone from Xiao Fangfang and said a few words. Then, Xiao Fangfang sent the boss off the stage. When she picked up the script, she couldn't help but glance at Zhang Guorong. It was obvious that Xiao Fangfang was a little worried, but Zhang Guorong gave her a comforting look. After they exchanged looks, Xiao Fangfang picked up the microphone and said worriedly, "Thank you, Hong Kong's Fortune Silver Building, for your generous donation of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars to the Children's Conservation Fund. Next, let's welcome the president of Fortune Silver Building, Mr. Zu Yaoting, to the stage."

As soon as she finished speaking, the entertainment reporters on the scene were in an uproar.

Zu Yaoting was very famous in Hong Kong, and there were not many people with the surname Zu, so it was impossible for there to be someone with the same name. After the reporters heard the name, they immediately realized that there was going to be breaking news tonight.

Hong Kong's media industry was very developed, especially the entertainment media. Whether it was television stations, newspapers, or magazines, most of them were private enterprises. There were also many adult publications, entertainment tabloids, and so on. The Zu family was involved in many industries. One of them was a huge tabloid media group, which owned two newspapers and three magazines. Zu Yaoting was the president of this media group. As Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines relied on gossip, secret photos, fabricating stories, and distorting facts to make money, more than half of the paparazzi in Hong Kong were supported by him. Because of this, the newspapers and magazines he controlled sold very well in Hong Kong, and people gave him the title of a tabloid news tycoon.

Because the Zu family was on good terms with Tan Yonglin, and Tan Yonglin and Zhang Guorong's fans had once erupted in the most intense fan conflict in the history of Hong Kong's entertainment industry, known as the "Tan-Zhang Rivalry." At that time, Zu Yaoting had just started to get involved in the entertainment media industry, so he took this opportunity to use the banner of "supporting Tan" to make negative articles about Zhang Guorong.

From then on, in order to attract attention, Zu Yaoting reported a lot of false and false information about Zhang Guorong. Zhang Guorong had also publicly refuted Zu Yaoting's shameless behavior many times, which also caused Zhang Guorong's fans to set fire to the newsstand. This caused Zu Yaoting to suffer a lot of social pressure, so Zu Yaoting and Zhang Guorong became rivals for many years, and Zu Yaoting simply walked the path of defaming Zhang Guorong to the end.

All these years, it was no exaggeration to say that at least 20% of the content in the tabloid newspapers and magazines controlled by Zu Yaoting was related to Zhang Guorong. He almost did his best to defame him and splash all kinds of dirty water on him. In the past two years, because of the exposure of Zhang Guorong and Mr. Tang, Zu Yaoting became even more aggressive. Not only did he send a large number of paparazzi to follow, secretly take photos, and fabricate fake news, but he also shouted at Zhang Guorong on all public occasions, using all kinds of unbearable language to provoke and anger him. Today, no one expected him to come to the charity gala of the Children's Protection Foundation. Anyone who was familiar with the feud between him and Zhang Guorong knew that he must have come for Zhang Guorong tonight.