Chapter 855

In the meeting room of Taobao, Lei Jianguo sat uneasily on the left side of Li Mu. At the head of the long table was Li Mu's seat. On his left was Lei Jianguo, and on his right was Liu Shixiong.

This scene made Li Mu feel very emotional. Two super big shots, one on his left and one on his right, just happened to play the role of his left and right hand. This kind of feeling was more than just a secret pleasure in his heart. He was simply overjoyed.

.

Lei Jianguo was more or less nervous. This was because this was his first time attending an official meeting of Taobao. In his mind, Taobao's platform and team were more than one level stronger than his previous Zhuoyue. He felt as if he was the head coach of a domestic Serie A club who suddenly had the opportunity to become the assistant coach of Real Madrid. He felt as if he was sitting in the meeting room of Real Madrid's coaching staff for the first time and listening to the head coach of Real Madrid's tactical plan.

The content of this meeting could be said to be the most important battle for the next stage of development of Taobao. Not only was it exceptionally significant, it was also really highly confidential.

To Li Mu, although Lei Jianguo was not a member of Taobao in terms of contract, after he had reached an agreement with Li Mu, he was already a member of Taobao in both his and Li Mu's eyes. He was trustworthy.

At the beginning of the meeting, Li Mu first introduced Lei Jianguo to everyone. He also told everyone that Lei Jianguo would soon join Taobao and become the chief operating officer of Taobao.

When Li Mu mentioned Lei Jianguo's name, as well as his position in Jinshan and Zhuoyue, the other employees present were all dumbfounded.

Lei Jianguo was very famous in the internet industry. Although he was not as good as the rising star Li Mu, he was definitely one of the top talents in this industry. Moreover, he was not only the CEO of Jinshan, but also the chairman of Zhuoyue. His status and experience were extraordinary. However, such a big shot actually joined Li Mu's team. This made everyone realize that the value of Taobao's platform had increased because of Lei Jianguo's joining.

After introducing Lei Jianguo, Li Mu went straight to the point. In front of Liu Shixiong, Lei Jianguo, the core operations team, and the professionals who had recently arrived, he explained his plan for this promotion in detail.

Li Mu first introduced the position of the entire promotion. The purpose of this Daily Top 100 Promotion was to completely solidify the foundation of Taobao. Through this promotion, the people would realize that Taobao could penetrate deeply into their lives. It would make them realize that Taobao could replace a considerable portion of the offline shopping in their lives. For example, it was cheap, door-to-door delivery, and it saved time and effort.

If this promotion was successful, maybe in the future, 10% or even more of the daily necessities of Hua Xia's urban residents would be spent on Taobao. This at least 10% couldn't be underestimated, because it covered all fast consumer goods. The frequency of users buying daily necessities was extremely high, and there was almost no interruption. Once a user developed the habit of buying daily necessities online, most of the daily necessities of this user would probably be transferred online in the future.

The purpose of this promotion was to attract the attention of a large number of urban residents and convert as many of them as possible into online shoppers.

As for the duration of this promotion, Li Mu decided to set it at seven days. This time, the duration was a little longer, not to pursue a single day's sales, but to really pursue to reach more users.

After explaining his goals and position, Li Mu began to further elaborate his promotion.

Li Mu's ambition was much greater than Boss Ma's. He wrote a large section on the blackboard, and as he wrote, he said, "This time, our promotion will be divided into four business groups. First, the grain, oil, and food group, followed by the commonly used department stores group, daily necessities group, and the clothing, shoes, and hats group."

There was a total of four major categories, and Li Mu hoped to do each of them well. Therefore, he made a very serious request, "The four business groups must do their best to coordinate with all the related enterprises that can be coordinated. I believe that with Taobao's current influence and our previous performance on the brand day, the related enterprises will definitely not reject our cooperation. However, there is a principle for the selection of partners: all participating enterprises must be strictly reviewed, and they must pass the industry certification in their respective fields. The enterprise's reputation must be good, and the quality of the products must be reliable."

Everyone nodded. Product quality was the most important thing, and everyone was very clear about this.

Li Mu continued, "There are also a few principles for cooperation with partners. First, the cooperation method. This time, other than the clothing, shoes, and hats group, the other three groups will all be self-operated. That is, we will purchase, sell, and deliver the goods ourselves, and the manufacturers will only need to supply us with the goods.

"Speaking of supply, first, they must give us the authorization to be an exclusive online distributor. This is the basic premise of cooperation. Those who don't accept this request will not cooperate.

"Second, we will determine the price. Since we are already an online distributor, we will request that the enterprises must give us a price lower than the other channels to cooperate with our promotion. They have two choices. One is to directly lower the price, and the other is to give us a certain amount of promotional rebates. This tells them that Taobao's attitude is: the higher the price advantage of the supplier, the more resources we will give them to promote, and vice versa. If there is no price discount, we will refuse to cooperate.

"After the price is determined, the supplier must follow our requirements and deliver the estimated quantity of goods to our designated warehouse in advance. This time, we will still use the brand day model. There will be six delivery warehouses in the country, and we will calculate the allocated quantity of each warehouse. Once we set the demand, the supplier can just deliver the goods in advance according to the demand.

"The standard of settlement for this promotion is different from that of other Taobao merchants. The settlement period this time will be seven to fifteen days after the end of the promotion.

"All the enterprises that participate in this promotion will receive at least one banner promotion on the homepage of Taobao, and at least two banner and text promotions on the channel page in the coming year. The enterprise with the highest sales in the same category will receive one national pop-up promotion."

Li Mu had high requirements for the promotion enterprises. Not only did he have high requirements for their own strength, but he also required them to cooperate with him to the greatest extent. Because of the high requirements, Li Mu also developed more preferential strategies for them. Not only did he speed up the settlement, but he also made tempting conditions such as those who gave more profits would get more resources, and those who cooperated more would get more resources.

For medium and large enterprises, their vision was more long-term. Compared to pulling up a wave of sales in a short period of time, they hoped to be able to increase the exposure of the brand and increase the audience of the brand. Only in this way, the growth line of sales could be pulled higher and longer.

For the enterprises, the promotion of Taobao represented the joint participation of Taobao and Makino Technology. The exposure of the promotion would undoubtedly be very high. Being able to ride on this express train would greatly promote the promotion of brand awareness.

Look at the Zinda recorder that shone on the brand day last time. After a brand day promotion, its sales had now surpassed Bubugao and became the first in the industry. Not to mention how much money Zinda earned through Taobao's brand day, just looking at the growth of its brand influence, the tens of millions of advertising budget may not be able to achieve this effect.

Therefore, Li Mu firmly believed that after he gave these preferential policies, the enthusiasm of the enterprises to participate would be greatly increased. At that time, the enterprises would definitely do everything possible to cooperate closely with Taobao.

Thinking of this, Li Mu added, "By the way, you have to inform the enterprises you contact. Before the end of August, you have to first give me a product quotation, indicating the current terminal retail price of the product, the distribution price of the channel, and the price given to us. We will allocate resources in advance according to the price difference they give."

Half of the people present were poached by Liu Yidong from major production enterprises. After hearing Li Mu's words, they immediately realized with their keen professional sense that this promotional activity would definitely bring great attraction to the enterprises, and they might really get an unprecedentedly low price from the enterprises. Therefore, they were full of confidence and eager to give it a try.

Then, Li Mu talked about the most crucial part of this promotion: the plan!

Promotion, promotion, how to promote the promotion, and how to promote the promotion?

This was the most important question.

In front of everyone, Li Mu explained his promotion strategy in detail: full reduction.

After a brief chat with Liu Shixiong, Li Mu further deepened his full reduction strategy and thoroughly played with full reduction!

First, for the three categories other than clothing, shoes, and hats, he decided to set up multiple full reduction levels. For example: full 99 – 20, full 199 – 50, full 399 – 120, full 499 – 180. The discounts for these four levels were: 20% off, 75% off, 30% off, and 65% off.

For special goods, such as clothing, which had high profits and a high price per customer, he directly used the three levels of 500-200, 1000-500, and 3000-1800.

It seemed that the threshold was a little high, but Li Mu also explained his reasons for doing so. Considering that it was already autumn, summer clothes had basically been taken off the shelves, and everyone had begun to buy autumn clothes. At present, any branded long-sleeved T-shirt would sell for more than 70 yuan, and a coat would start at least 200 yuan. Therefore, he would be satisfied with two or three matching items at 500 yuan. If he couldn't gather 500, 1000, or 3000 yuan, it didn't matter. Humans were intelligent animals, and they were best at finding solutions. Wasn't this the way to gather orders?

Once online shoppers began to gather orders, there was no doubt that they would buy more, directly increasing the overall sales.

Once users began to find others to gather orders, not only would they buy more, but they would also bring at least one additional indirect online shopper to Taobao. Indirect online shoppers might not have Alipay or Taobao accounts yet, but it didn't matter. As long as they experienced the advantages of online shopping, the possibility of them becoming direct online shoppers would be much greater. This itself was a powerful magic weapon to quickly attract new customers.

Moreover, Li Mu believed that clothing companies would definitely cooperate with him. Because even if they sold at a 50% discount, it would just be the same price as they sold the goods to the specialty stores. Therefore, for them, selling at a 50% discount was already very profitable, not to mention that they could take advantage of the opportunity to advertise. This was the most important thing!

After saying this, Li Mu deliberately pointed out one point. "All the full discount will be implemented in the form of coupons. The above full discount coupons will be given to all users at one time, and an unlimited number will be given to all users for free. The reason why we need to give coupons instead of full discount is to give them a psychological hint that they will feel uncomfortable if they don't use the coupons, and that they will suffer a loss if they don't use the coupons. This will force them to use these coupons as much as possible."

At this point, Li Mu inadvertently discovered that everyone present, including Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo, was looking at him with a stunned expression. Their eyes were more surprised than the other, and their expressions were more shocked than the other.