Chapter 293

Even after so many years, Li Mu still believed that the best thing about Happy Farm was that it could easily lower the IQ of all players.

Although this game didn't have a long lifespan, in the six months when it was at its peak, it had a very high level of addiction, even higher than most online games.

Moreover, this game had a wide range of users and a large age range, which was even more shocking. From seven to seventy years old, as long as they had basic computer skills, they could basically kill everyone.

Regardless of whether it was a middle school student who saved money for breakfast or a big boss who earned millions a day, once they started playing this game, they could not help but be addicted. Naturally, internet elites like Li Zong and Tan Yaocheng could not escape.

At that moment, Li Zong was very annoyed. According to the time he recorded, Tan Yaocheng's previous wave of potatoes needed at least a minute to be harvested. However, he did not expect that the six plots of land in front of him had all turned into corn seedlings, and according to the time, this batch of corn had been planted for a few minutes.

Li Zong calculated the time. That shouldn't be the case. How could this guy have harvested that wave of potatoes almost ten minutes earlier?

Thinking about it carefully, the only way to speed up the ripening process was to use an item. Although there were normal fertilizers in the item, the system only gave two packs. Other than that, it was not available for purchase. Li Zong did not even know where to get more fertilizers. Tan Yaocheng could shorten the ripening time of six plots of land, so he had at least six packs of normal fertilizers. Did he have some secret to getting fertilizers?

Li Zong really wanted to ask him, but he was too embarrassed to call him. Although he knew that Li Zong was definitely not asleep, calling him to ask him about a game's techniques was too embarrassing.

However, seeing that Tan Yaocheng had leveled up again, and the gap between them was getting bigger and bigger, he could not help but take out his phone and call Tan Yaocheng.

Tan Yaocheng received Li Zong's call and asked, "Li Zong, why are you calling so late at night?"

Li Zong said, "What are you busy with? Have you rested yet?"

"Not yet."

Tan Yaocheng smiled and said, "I'm playing Happy Farm on Tieba. I see that you're playing it too."

Li Zong laughed and said, "Yeah, I'm paying attention to their new moves, so I played it. This game is very interesting. It's a good product."

Tan Yaocheng laughed and said, "Yes, it feels very innovative. It looks like this game will become popular very soon.

“

Li Zong replied absentmindedly. Then, he pretended to be curious and asked, "Oh right, where did you get so much fertilizer in the game?

“

Tan Yaocheng didn't expect Li Zong to ask such a question out of the blue. After a moment of shock, he said, "It seems like plowing the fields, stealing vegetables, and helping your friends weed and water the plants to kill insects all have a chance of getting fertilizer, and the chances are quite high. I went to Tieba and added quite a few friends. This way, the chances of getting fertilizer are higher."

Li Zong came to a sudden realization and said, "I understand. Alright, it's getting late. You should rest early too. We'll have a meeting tomorrow to discuss this game.

“

“OK。”

After hanging up, Li Zong immediately started searching his friends list from top to bottom. He stole a few vegetables and helped his friend's farm a few times. Finally, he got two bags of normal fertilizer.

Li Zong realized that he didn't have enough friends, so he immediately went to Tieba and found quite a few people to add as friends.

Planting vegetables, stealing vegetables, helping out, and gathering fertilizer, Manager Li was very excited. He played until almost three o 'clock. Tan Yaocheng was even more ruthless. In order to protect his throne of first place, he took his laptop and sneaked into the bedroom. While his wife was asleep, he opened his eyes every half an hour and turned on the computer to collect and plant vegetables. After two or three times, he had formed a biological clock and would automatically wake up after half an hour.

Relying on this perseverance, Tan Yaocheng reached level 9 the next morning. He was two levels higher than the number two on his friends list.

It wasn't just Tan Yaocheng and Li Zong. That night, hundreds of thousands of netizens were addicted to Happy Farm.

In Legend of Mir, a few players were fighting monsters in a party. One of the Taoists who was in charge of healing suddenly said, "Hey, guys, give me two minutes. I'm going to collect some vegetables!"

"What the hell?

Where are you going to collect vegetables in the middle of the night? "

"F * ck, Happy Farm from Tieba. Haven't you played it?"

"What Happy Farm?

Legend of Mir is the best! "

"Hey, I'm not going to talk to you. You'll know when you're free. I'm going to collect the vegetables. If I'm late, those bastards will steal them all!"

Seeing that the healer had temporarily gone offline, the other players in the party were curious. "What Happy Farm? He's not even farming monsters. He's going to collect vegetables."

"Hey, it's boring without him. I'll go take a look."

"Then I'll go too. Let's go offline first. We'll talk later."

This kind of scene was repeated in any online game. Even the players who were playing cards in the Alliance World would often not react for a long time. The others did not know what was going on. After a round of scolding, the other party would come back and apologize profusely, saying that he was collecting vegetables or stealing vegetables. When everyone heard this, they all went to register a Tieba account and wandered around. They wanted to see what this Happy Farm was all about.

By nine o 'clock the next morning, the number of Happy Farm's users had reached 1.7 million. This speed was brutal.

Li Mu didn't stay at Makino Technology until late. He went back to rest at two o 'clock. At nine o' clock in the morning, Kong Lingyu called Li Mu ecstatically. He told Li Mu the shocking figure of 1.7 million. Even Li Mu was shocked.

If an online game could have 1.7 million users in the first nine hours of its release, it would be a miracle. There had never been a game with such a growth rate in China.

However, Li Mu had achieved what so many online games failed to do with a simple and low-cost Flash game. This made Kong Lingyu even happier.

Li Mu calmed down a little and asked, "How many times have you added me as a friend?"

"Twelve million!"

Kong Lingyu said, "Since last night, many people realized that this game needed more friends to improve faster, so everyone was very enthusiastic about adding me as a friend."

“

Strong social genes, this was what Li Mu was really after. This game could greatly stimulate the demand of users to add more friends. Just like during a certain period of time, when QQ introduced the feature of selecting users with webcams in the friend search function, male users crazily used this function to add female netizens with webcams. Once the product development targeted the root of human nature, then this product would definitely become popular.

However, Li Mu was also a little worried. Nowadays, most users added friends on Tieba with other Tieba users. Many people even posted on Tieba asking to add each other as friends to play the farm. Therefore, Li Mu was worried that this kind of social friend relationship that was purely based on game relationships would not be strong enough and would be easily abandoned by users. Therefore, he told Kong Lingyu, "Tomorrow, Ling Dian will launch an activity. If you invite ten friends, you will get five packs of ordinary synthetic fertilizer. If you invite twenty people, you will get fifteen packs.

Ordinary synthetic fertilizer was one of the props of Happy Farm. It was an upgraded version of ordinary fertilizer. Ordinary fertilizer could only reduce the growth time of crops by ten minutes, but the effect of ordinary synthetic fertilizer was three times that. It could reduce the growth time of crops by thirty minutes.

Originally, Li Mu did not plan to use this kind of props to encourage users so early on. However, he did not want users to manage their relationships on Happy Farm too much from the beginning. He could not let them manage their friends on the farm so that everything was temporarily put together for the game. He wanted to encourage them to add their friends in real life as well.

The task of inviting friends required users to invite new users. It was useless for new users to add each other as friends on Tieba. Under such circumstances, the first choice of users would definitely be to invite friends around them. First, they would transfer their social relationships to Happy Farm. This was the most feasible option for users.

From the data, Kong Lingyu could see how much effort the users had put into obtaining the ordinary fertilizer in the past nine hours. If this reward was announced, most of the users would try their best to complete it.

However, whether it was five or fifteen packs of ordinary synthetic fertilizer, for Makino Technology, this kind of virtual props could be said to have zero cost, but the effect it brought to users was amazing.

At 9: 30 am, Li Zong came to the company with a pair of panda eyes. Today was the first time he was late for work. The reason was very simple: he stole vegetables too late last night.

The first thing he did when he arrived at the company was to turn on the computer. This was basically a routine. However, after he turned on the computer, he did not check the company's internal network for work reports. Instead, he opened the Tieba. Before he went out, he planted a wave of vegetables. It was already ten minutes past the ripening period.

When he went up to take a look, as expected, there was only 40% left. These friends were like rats. They were too evil. Basically, if he could not harvest them at the first moment, even if he played for ten seconds, it would still be the lowest possible result.

After collecting the vegetables, he planted another wave. In his heart, Li Zong felt like he had completed his mission. He breathed a sigh of relief. Only then did he realize that he had been addicted to the game to this extent. From the moment he woke up until now, there was only one thing on his mind: playing happily on the farm. The special sense of accomplishment of planting vegetables and stealing vegetables had always made his heart itch.

It was also at this moment that he truly realized how amazing the future development of this game was.

It was also at this moment that he truly understood why Li Mu asked him to leave Makino Technology.

The development of this game required time. Although he had never made a game before, he understood the general process of the game. In the beginning, he had to come up with the structure of the game. It was like a movie script. It had to go through continuous revision to get a final version. Then, it would be developed by a team. After the development was completed, there would be internal testing to find various errors and loopholes. After the internal testing was passed, it would be released to the public.

Calculating the workload, Li Mu should have already started developing this game before he tricked him.