Chapter 1376

The huge success of the entire performance also helped He Wei and Chen Wan to complete a big step forward. It was said that on the second day after the performance, the two originally planned to return, but because Mother Yang wanted to hold a celebration party, she specially invited the two to attend. So, after discussing with the station, the two changed their flight tickets and stayed for one more day.

Originally, Li Mu was also invited to the celebration party, but Li Mu rejected it.

On one hand, he felt that it was not suitable for him to appear at the party, and on the other hand, he did not want the fact that he had contributed a lot to the party to continue spreading.

If he attended the celebration party, he was afraid that everyone would thank him at the party. The reason why he helped them was not to fish for fame, but because he felt that the core point of the three regions fighting against SARS together was of great significance, and he could not bear to let it go to waste.

So, during Mother Yang's internal celebration party, Li Mu invited Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang to his home for a home-cooked meal.

From Li Mu's point of view, the two of them came all the way to Yanjing to save the situation, which was a great favor. If he invited them to eat at any other place, it would be more sincere than eating at his home.

The only thing that made Li Mu feel guilty was that every time he invited friends to eat at his home, he had to trouble his parents to prepare the food. Originally, he really wanted to hire one or two helpers to help, but the two of them refused no matter what. Using Li Ma's words, it was difficult to get used to the life of a rich family with servants at home, so Li Mu did not insist.

Fortunately, Li Ma had a goddaughter …

When Li Mu's home hosted Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, Li Ziwei became Li Ma's helper, helping to prepare the food at home.

Li Mu specially arranged for the driver to go to the hotel to pick up Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. The two of them arrived a little earlier, so Li Mu and his father stayed at home to chat with the two of them and entertain them with tea.

Papa Lee was not a fan of celebrities, but he had watched many Hong Kong movies. His favorite actor was Zhou Runfa, but he also had a good impression of Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. Especially when he knew that the two of them played a huge role in the performance, Papa Lee was especially impressed by the two of them, so he chatted happily with them.

While they were chatting, Li Mu received an unknown call. After he picked it up, he found out that it was an important leader of Yang Ma. When this leader called, he first expressed his gratitude to Li Mu, and at the same time expressed his regret that Li Mu could not attend the celebration tonight. He said that Li Mu was the biggest contributor to the performance, but Li Mu very politely told him that the biggest contributor was all the staff of Yang Ma, as well as all the singers who were present.

The other party repeatedly agreed, then hesitantly made a request.

He said, "Mr. Li, you have a good relationship with the two celebrities, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang. This time, they came all the way from America to save the situation. I think a big part of the reason is because of your favor. As for me, I have a presumptuous request. I wonder if you can agree to it?"

Li Mu said, "Please tell me. I will try my best if I can do it."

Only then did the other party say, "The social influence of this performance is very good, and the two most influential celebrities in this performance are the two of them. Also, the audience knows that they came all the way from America, so they have a special recognition for them. So we want to strike while the iron is hot and continue to use the popularity of the performance to supplement our strength. We hope to be able to invite the two of them to participate in an interview on 'Face to Face'."

Striking while the iron was hot was normal. Most of the media were experienced in controlling the heat and rhythm. Just like every year's Spring Festival Gala, if there was a program or a celebrity that was especially popular with the audience, then Central TV would strike while the iron was hot and invite that celebrity to participate in other programs. This was also a form of resource exchange. Magician Liu Qian and skit actor Little Shen Yang used this method in the past. Recently, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang had been highly sought after by the audience, so inviting them to participate in an interview program like "Face to Face" was a very good idea. The only problem was whether Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang would agree to it or not.

So Li Mu said, "I will pass on your invitation to them."

The other party couldn't help but ask, "What do you think the chances of them agreeing to it are?"

Li Mu said, "I can't guarantee that. The specifics will have to be decided by themselves based on their own schedules.

Li Mu also didn't know what Leslie Cheung and Mei Yanfang's upcoming plans were. They came to Beijing to salvage the situation. Now that the performance had ended, he wasn't sure if they would go to America, Hong Kong, or some other place. Moreover, they had the intention to retire, so they might not be willing to continue showing their faces in public.

After hanging up the phone and returning to the living room, Papa Lee was asking Zhang Guorong about some anecdotes from when they were filming "Crossing the Four Seas". As they were talking about Zhong Chuhong, Papa Lee sighed that the part where Zhang Guorong and Zhong Chuhong danced in "Crossing the Four Seas" had left a deep impression on him. Zhang Guorong said very seriously, "If you are her fan, I can introduce you to her next time."

Papa Lee hurriedly waved his hand and said with a smile, "I'm not her fan, and I can't let my wife hear this. Otherwise, she might be jealous."

At this time, Li Mu teased, "The actress that my dad really likes is Zhao Yazhi. In the past, every time the Legend of the White Snake was shown on TV, he would say that Zhao Yazhi was beautiful."

Zhang Guorong said in surprise, "Oh, that's great. I have a good relationship with Sister Yazhi. We worked together in 1980. If there's a chance in the future, I will definitely introduce her to you."

Papa Lee didn't expect that Li Mu would reveal the actress that he liked. When he heard that Zhang Guorong had a good relationship with Zhao Yazhi, he suddenly felt a little embarrassed.

Li Mu saw that his father was embarrassed to answer, so he changed the topic and said to Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, "Mother Yang's leader just called and wants to invite you to participate in a talk show on Central TV. They want to take advantage of the popularity of the show to create some influence and topics. I don't know what your next plans are. Are you interested in participating?"

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang looked at each other, then Mei Yanfang said, "We really want to find an opportunity to talk to you about this. Recently, we want to do as much as we can to fight against SARS, so we will split into two parts. One part will be waiting for you and the mainland's media in Yan Jing, and the other part will be going back to Hong Kong to participate in Hong Kong's SARS public welfare activities. So if there's anything you need our help with, just let us know."

Li Mu was delighted and said, "That's great. I will agree to Mother Yang's request on your behalf and let them make arrangements according to your schedule."

"Okay!"

…

Although Li Mu's family dinner was relatively simple, the meaning was very special. Other than family and friends, there were not many people who had enjoyed such a family dinner at Li Mu's house. Before Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang came, there were only two people in the entertainment industry who had such treatment. One was Chen Wan, and the other was He Lu.

Chen Wan was Li Mu's woman, so she could be considered family. So, the only person from the entertainment industry was He Lu, and he even benefited from Chen Wan.

In fact, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were also very surprised by Li Mu's invitation. From their point of view, Li Mu was still much better than them in all aspects. Whether it was in terms of financial resources, ability, or influence, they were not at the same level. More importantly, both of them thought that Li Mu had done them a favor, but they did not expect that Li Mu would value them so much and even specially invite them to his house for dinner.

However, Li Mu felt that if people respected him, he should respect them tenfold. Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang did not hesitate to come to Yanjing to save the situation, which made Li Mu regard them as real friends, just like Song Liang and Chen Ze.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were also very hospitable. They did not put on any airs, nor did they show any sense of superiority. This made Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang feel that they were very different from the rich and powerful families in Hong Kong.

In Hong Kong, the real rich and powerful families looked down on the entertainment industry. Li Jia Cheng would never be like Li Mu's family, who would host a banquet at home to entertain celebrities. Even if he did, he would never lower himself to treat everyone equally. Even the richest man in Hong Kong like Li Jia Cheng, even the rich and powerful families in Hong Kong with a net worth of billions of Hong Kong dollars would not put any celebrities in their eyes. Many goddesses in the entertainment industry wanted to marry into a rich and powerful family, but it was as difficult as ascending to heaven. There were even female celebrities who gave birth to a few children for a rich and powerful family, but they did not even get the status. Therefore, Hong Kong celebrities had a common subconscious that the celebrities in the entertainment industry had no weight or status in front of the rich and powerful.

However, in Li Mu's family, there was no such way of thinking.

Maybe it was because of their personalities, or maybe it was because they got rich halfway and did not have the accumulation of a rich and powerful family, but Li Mu and his parents did not really have the consciousness of a rich and powerful family, and they did not feel that their social status was much higher than others. Therefore, it was difficult for Papa Lee and Li Ma to use servants like the rich and powerful families in Hong Kong. Therefore, Li Mu would make friends with all kinds of people who were not as powerful as him. Therefore, even though Li Ma's mother was a billionaire, when she wanted to accept Li Ziwei, a girl from an ordinary family, as her goddaughter, she still felt nervous and worried about being rejected.

It was also because of the modesty and gentleness of Li Mu's family that Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang did not feel uncomfortable the whole time. In fact, they liked this simple and gentle atmosphere more and more.

At the dinner table, everyone chatted happily, and there was endless laughter.

As they were talking about interesting things in Hong Kong's entertainment circle, the doorbell rang. Li Ziwei hurriedly got up and went to open the door. When the door opened, Li Ziwei found that it was Zhao Ziqiu standing outside.

Zhao Ziqiu was holding a large glass plate with a semicircle cover on it. The glass plate was covered with a semi-circle cover, and the inside was steaming. However, it was still easy to see that there was a fish on the plate.

Zhao Ziqiu saw Li Ziwei and asked her nervously, "Ziwei, have Uncle and Aunt Li eaten yet?

My mother made West Lake Fish in Vinegar Vinegar and asked me to bring it over for them to try. "

Li Ziwei knew the relationship between Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu. She smiled and nodded, saying in a low voice, "Not long after, godfather and godmother are here. Li Zong is also here, and there are two special guests."

"Ah?" Zhao Ziqiu said, "There are guests?

Then I won't go in. Help me bring the fish in. "