Chapter 410

Regarding Chen Wan's resignation from Yan Jing Satellite TV, Zhan Yun had been pressuring Zhao Hezheng to prevent him from handling Chen Wan's resignation procedures. At the same time, in order to avoid being held accountable by the higher-ups, Zhan Yun specifically went to the higher-ups to lodge a complaint. Filled with righteous indignation, he said that Chen Wan's wings had hardened, she looked down on Yan Jing Satellite TV as a platform, refused to sign an official contract, and left without saying goodbye.

In order to completely divert the higher-ups' attention, Zhan Yun even made up a lot of lines for Chen Wan that she had never said before. For example, he said in front of the station head and the deputy secretary, "Chen Wan, that girl, after making a guest appearance in a micro movie and gaining some popularity, she forgot her name. She doesn't put our station in her eyes at all. She even said that our station's higher-ups are too corrupt, too bureaucratic, and that our station's vision is too narrow. She said that our station won't be able to make it in ten or twenty years …"

These words had completely offended the higher-ups of Yan Jing TV.

None of them doubted Zhan Yun's words, because they didn't know that Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei had been pressuring Chen Wan, not giving her any chance to make a name for herself. All they could see was that Chen Wan had indeed just walked away without even following the normal resignation procedures. And all the information they could receive was all Zhan Yun's nonsense. They believed whatever Zhan Yun said.

Saying that the station's leadership had a narrow vision was already a great disrespect to them. Saying that they were corrupt and bureaucratic was basically offending them to death. As a leader, they were most afraid of three big labels. One was corruption, one was bureaucracy, and the last was a problem with their style of work. Chen Wan's "one sentence" had pinned two of the three labels on the Beijing TV Station's leadership.

No one thought about why Chen Wan had resigned, and no one thought about why Chen Wan hadn't had a chance to appear onscreen after signing with Yan Jing Satellite TV for so long. They just felt that Chen Wan, this young girl, really didn't know how to appreciate favors.

For the station's higher-ups, they had originally planned to take advantage of Chen Wan's high popularity to cultivate her and increase the popularity of Yan Jing TV, but now it seemed that they had lost everything.

However, because Zhan Yun had pushed all the responsibility onto Chen Wan, and even made up so many baseless statements, the station's leader was very dissatisfied with Chen Wan. He gave Zhan Yun two instructions on the spot: delay the resignation certificate as long as possible; if he heard that Chen Wan was going to another station, he had to report it promptly. As for the purpose of reporting it promptly, it was already very clear. In any industry, there would always be some people who thought that they had considerable influence in the industry, so they would wantonly suppress other people in the same industry. The leader of Yan Jing TV felt that he was being looked down upon by Chen Wan, so he wanted to use his industry pressure to teach Chen Wan a lesson.

At the very least, all the TV stations in North China still had to give each other some face. If they knew which TV station Chen Wan was going to, the higher-ups could just call the higher-ups of the other party and give them some pointers, and Chen Wan's future would be completely ruined.

In the first few days, no one knew which TV stations Chen Wan was in contact with. Several newcomers in the station who had a good relationship with her before also didn't know what Chen Wan was busy with.

When Chen Wan went to Xiangdu, she didn't tell anyone in Yan Jing TV. She just quietly flew there alone and met with the core leadership of the "Happy Camp" program team.

Zhou Sheng, the director of "Happy Camp", had a very good impression of Chen Wan. His partners also thought that Chen Wan's image and temperament were first-class. She was a rare and excellent host. Everyone even specially let Chen Wan try to imitate the host and improvise on the spot in the small studio. What they didn't expect was that Chen Wan was not only beautiful and dignified, but most importantly, her style on the stage was not restrained at all. The most important thing was that she had the entertainment gene and was very good at stirring up the atmosphere on the stage.

Subsequently, the director team of "Happy Camp" came to a unified conclusion: Chen Wan was the female host they needed most at the moment. They all knew that Li Xiang's heart was not in Xiangnan Satellite TV and they couldn't keep her at all, so they thought that while Li Xiang hasn't left yet, they should seize the time to cultivate Chen Wan, and then they can make a smooth transition.

Zhou Sheng even hoped to sign Chen Wan directly, but because Chen Wan has not yet terminated the contract with Yan Jing Satellite TV, he drafted a contract, signed and stamped it on behalf of Xiangnan Satellite TV and "Happy Camp", left the date blank, and then let Chen Wan take the contract back to Yanjing in duplicate. After she terminates the contract with Yan Jing Satellite TV, she can sign the contract herself and come directly to Xiangnan Satellite TV to work.

And the contract given by Xiangnan Satellite TV is also very generous. Xiangnan Satellite TV only signed Chen Wan as the host of the program "Happy Camp". If there are other programs that need it, the station will negotiate with Chen Wan, and then re-sign the supplementary agreement. Xiangnan Satellite TV did not make any restrictions on the development of other aspects such as film and television, entertainment, and music. However, out of competitive considerations, they limited Chen Wan's autonomy as a host in other TV stations, which is equivalent to signing Chen Wan as an exclusive host, but only in a relatively euphemistic way.

In addition, Chen Wan's monthly salary is 10000 yuan, and she has a monthly transportation subsidy of 2000 yuan, and a monthly clothing and makeup subsidy of 3000 yuan. The station will provide her with a single apartment in Hunan. "Happy Camp" is recorded twice a month, and the two episodes are recorded consecutively for 4-7 days each time. Generally, the first two days are spent with other hosts going through the script and rehearsing, and the next 2-4 days are used for recording. The rest of the time is free to the host. As long as they do not violate the contract and host programs on other TV stations, they will basically not be interfered with.

After Chen Wan saw the content of the agreement, she was so excited that she couldn't believe her eyes.

Compared with the contract with Yanjing Satellite TV, this contract is countless times better.

Not to mention the problem of money, in terms of time alone, Xiangnan Satellite TV has given her considerable freedom. In this way, she can spend most of her time in Yanjing, or go home. If there is nothing else in the station, she can come to Xiangdu once every half a month, and each time is only for a week at most.

It's true that ordinary new hosts can't get this kind of treatment. Chen Wan's contract is almost the same as Li Xiang and He Wan's in terms of freedom. However, the reasons for this are also very complicated. Not only because of Chen Wan's personal ability and popularity, Li Mu also asked Ning Hao to release a signal to the interface of Xiangnan Satellite TV. If "Happy Camp" signs Chen Wan, Makino Technology and Makino Image related resources will tilt to Xiangnan Satellite TV.

If Chen Wan's joining Xiangnan Satellite TV and "Happy Camp" is compared to her career marriage, then Li Mu's Makino Technology and Makino Image are Chen Wan's maiden home.

Xiangnan Satellite TV's goal positioning for itself is different from that of Yanjing Satellite TV. Xiangnan Satellite TV has seen it very thoroughly. They want to take the entertainment route and use the market economy as a starting point to determine the future direction. Therefore, they need the support of the emerging media, the Internet. At present, there are only two Internet companies with high viscosity user groups in the country, Teng Xun and Makino Technology. The former needs to spend money, and it needs to spend a lot of money. The latter has a relationship with Chen Wan, and has already quietly greeted them. There will be resources tilted to them, so they naturally choose to establish a delicate relationship with Makino Technology, so they signed Chen Wan with such generous treatment.

When Chen Wan returned to Yanjing with the contract, Li Mu couldn't pick her up at the airport, because he was immersed in recording "Hidden Fragrance" with Du Wei in the recording studio, so he left his car to Zhao Kang and asked him to pick up Chen Wan at the airport.

The song "Hidden Fragrance", sung by a female voice, has a very different feeling from the original song. Moreover, Du Wei's voice is ethereal and euphemistic, and her emotional expression is quite in place. She doesn't deliberately pull out a high voice and show off her explosive power. Instead, she sings it in the most heartfelt way, which matches the lyrics and artistic conception of the song.

Li Mu himself always felt that the song "Hidden Fragrance" was actually very unsuitable for Sha to sing. Sha's voice is indeed good, but his appearance and style are too unsuitable for this song. Whenever he sees him sing this song, he always feels a sense of incongruity. However, when he sees Du Wei sing this song, it really makes Li Mu experience a higher level of artistic conception of this song. It also makes him understand that a good song not only needs to sound beautiful, but also look beautiful to be the most perfect. A good-looking person will be more popular than the average person wherever they go.

The recording and post-production of this song took a total of two days, and the entire weekend was basically spent on this song. It wasn't until Sunday afternoon that the recording was completely finished. However, the post-production was not completed yet. Du Wei sang the whole song more than 20 times, including intermittent parts. The recording engineer had to find the best parts from these more than 20 times and put them together to become a truly high-quality recording studio work.

Li Mu also personally participated in the post-production. Because Du Wei liked this song so much, she also stayed in the recording studio, wanting to see the final product of this song with her own eyes.

Originally, Su Yingxue wanted to ask Li Mu out to watch a movie or go shopping on the weekend, but she knew that he was busy recording the song, so she didn't disturb him. At six o 'clock in the afternoon, she sent a message to Li Mu and asked him: "Have you finished recording?"

Li Mu replied: "I've finished recording, and I'm doing the post-production."

Su Yingxue asked again: "If you've finished recording, can I go over and have a look now?"

Li Mu said: "Of course, come on."

Su Yingxue asked: "Will I disturb you?"

Li Mu replied: "No, come on. When the post-production is done, let's have dinner together tonight."

"Okay, then I'll go over now."

Li Mu sent the address of the recording studio to Su Yingxue, and then continued to watch the sound recordist do the post-production. The sound recordist, Chen Yadi, was Zhang Kexuan's friend. Last time, Du Wei recorded "Years in a Hurry" and "In My Voice" in his studio, so Li Mu was quite familiar with him. At this moment, Chen Yadi was listening and editing the track, and at the same time, he did not forget to sigh: "Miss Du's voice is so good, the post-production almost only needs to be edited and mixed, there is no need to do any sound correction or embellishment."

Du Wei said modestly: "Thank you for your praise, Mr. Chen."

Chen Yadi hurriedly said: "I dare not call myself a teacher, Mr. Li is the real teacher. The person who can write such a song has a far better understanding and grasp of music than me!"

Li Mu said with a smile: "Old Chen, don't make fun of me. You are also a songwriter, a master arranger, and a master of post-production. Except that you don't sing, you basically do all the other aspects of music."

Chen Yadi smiled and said: "Your Makino Image has no plans to develop in the field of records?"

Li Mu shook his head: "No plans in this regard for the time being."

Chen Yadi said with a little regret: "Traditional records are now declining, and your Easy Listening website is developing so fast. If you set up an online record company in the future and do online distribution, you may be able to reverse the situation of the current record industry."

Li Mu said with a smile: "Don't find things for me to do. I am so busy now that I can't care about this."

Chen Yadi nodded in understanding and asked him: "When are you going to release the song 'Hidden Fragrance'?"

Li Mu said: "Easy Listening website has been warming up a few days ago, and the netizens are very looking forward to it. After it is finished tonight, it will be officially released on Easy Listening website tomorrow night."

Chen Yadi nodded, thought of something and said: "By the way, a few friends from the record company heard that 'In a Hurry' and 'In My Voice' were recorded in my studio, and they are all asking me if I know you, Mu. They want to ask you for a few songs. They are all prepared to sing for A-list singers. Are you interested?"

Li Mu said: "I am not interested in this kind of thing. Forget it."

Chen Yadi sighed: "Well, after 'Hidden Fragrance' is released, they will definitely ask me again. At that time, I will tell them that you do not ask for songs from outsiders."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. He looked at Du Wei beside him and said with a smile: "In the future, if there are good songs, I will ask Du Wei to sing."

Du Wei looked at Li Mu and said with a red face: "Brother Li Mu, why are you so good to me …"

Li Mu said with a smile: "I like you. I see you as my own sister."

Du Wei shyly lowered her eyelids and did not dare to look at him. At this moment, Su Yingxue also arrived. She was led in by the recording studio staff. When she saw Li Mu and Du Wei, she first winked at Li Mu with a smile, then waved at Du Wei with a smile.

Du Wei said sweetly: "Sister Ying Xue."

In the past, when filming, Du Wei had seen Su Yingxue a few times. Su Yingxue also had a very good impression of her. The two of them were actually only one year apart in age, but Du Wei was more innocent, more like a high school girl, so Su Yingxue and Li Mu both treated Du Wei as a sister.

Su Yingxue said to Du Wei: "Actually, I wanted to hear you sing 'Hidden Fragrance' for a long time. I have only seen the lyrics of this song, but I have never heard the tune. But I was afraid that I would disturb you guys from your work, so I did not come."

Du Wei smiled shyly and said to Su Yingxue: "Although I am embarrassed, I still have to say that this song is really good, mainly because Brother Li Mu wrote it so well."

Li Mu's old face did not change at all. He said indifferently: "Writing it well is one thing, but the main thing is that you sing it well. If this song is sung by someone else, it is really a waste of God's gift."

At this time, Chen Yadi said: "The editing and mixing is done, but we have not done the noise reduction and post-production. Listen to it first and see if there is anything that needs to be changed."