Chapter 1185

While Tom Cruise was still on the flight, the staff of Warner Brothers had already begun to set up the venue for the press conference overnight.

That night, Tom Cruise tossed and turned in the comfortable first-class cabin of the plane. He did not even know how this matter would change after he got off the plane.

Due to the unprecedented large-scale action of the "Army of Justice", the influence of this incident continued to rise, and more and more countries began to pay attention to this matter.

The media all over the world had made extensive reports on this matter. Not only the United States and Hua Xia, but all of North America, Europe, and Asia, all countries with relatively developed economies, Internet, and media had put this war waged by netizens on the headlines of the international news.

Among them, the people of Europe and Asia had the strongest reaction.

The reaction of the people of Asia was very direct. In addition to Hua Xia, South Korea and Southeast Asian countries had also been invaded by Japan, so when their media reported this matter, it was with strong protests and condemnation. When the people of their countries heard that Hollywood was making a movie to whitewash the extreme samurai, their feelings were almost the same as those of Hua Xia netizens. Apart from anger, anger, and f * cking anger.

Surprisingly, the reaction of the people of Europe was almost the same as that of the people of Asia. From the media to the people, all of them were trying their best to condemn this shameless act of distorting history.

In the history of World War II, although the whole of Europe was not directly invaded by Japan, they were destroyed by Japan's ally, Nazi Germany. For Europeans, the Nazis were an unforgivable devil. Even the Germans themselves avoided the Nazis and never dared to mention them on any occasion. Even many European countries had laws prohibiting the promotion of the Nazi spirit in any form. Li Mu did not know how many examples of brainless tourists who were caught performing Nazi salutes while traveling in Europe.

Europeans were extremely sensitive to these issues, so when they learned that someone was trying to whitewash the extreme samurai spirit of Japan, they instinctively thought of the Nazis, and at the same time, they felt a strong sense of responsibility. If this movie was made, what if someone made a movie to whitewash the Nazis in the future?

This was absolutely not allowed to happen!

Therefore, angry Europeans also joined the war. The English level of the European people was generally much higher than that of Hua Xia netizens, so these people almost spontaneously flooded into the American social network and began to learn the methods of Hua Xia netizens, supporting the American netizens.

"The netizens from Paris are here to show their support!"

"The netizens from London have come to show their support!"

"The netizens from Warsaw, Poland have come to show their support!"

"The netizens from Berlin, Germany, are here to show their support!"

"The netizens from Copenhagen, Denmark are here to show their support!"

"Czech Prague netizens are here to support!"

"Russia …"

Soon, American social media became a check-in book for netizens all over the world …

As the great leader once said, a single spark can start a prairie fire!

Even the initiator of all this, Li Mu, didn't expect to f * cking play this big this time!

This kind of feeling made Li Mu feel as if he was standing on the top of a snowy mountain and shouting. He did not expect to trigger the largest avalanche of public opinion in the history of the internet!

Seeing that at least hundreds of millions of netizens around the world had been incited by him and that half of the countries were strongly condemning this shameless movie, this feeling was too f * cking exciting!

The incident was heating up so quickly that it seemed to have caused the entire northern hemisphere, which was in winter, to heat up.

When CNN reporters reported this content, they exclaimed that it was incredible and even commented that this should be the first time in decades that the people of the world were so united. The last time was during World War II.

Soon, a netizen commented, "During World War II, the people of the world were not as united as they are today, because at that time, Germany, Italy, and Japan were still in the Axis Alliance. But this time, the netizens of Germany and Italy have abandoned the evil alliance of the past and stood in the camp of the people of the world. This should be the unprecedented great unity of the people of the world!"

As soon as this comment appeared, it immediately won the support of netizens from all over the world. They were originally full of passion, and under the stimulation of this kind of praise, the sense of justice and achievement in their hearts exploded again!

…

The next morning, Tom Cruise's plane finally landed at Los Angeles International Airport. When he came out of the VIP passage, his agent and bodyguards, who had been waiting for a long time, quickly came forward and escorted him out.

Everyone at the airport who saw Tom Cruise did not exclaim or come forward to ask for his autograph like before. This time, when someone recognized him, they immediately pointed at him and shouted, "Hey!

Cruise!

Shame-on-you!”

"Hey, Cruise, you're so shameful (ashamed)!"

Yes, there were not many people on the plane when Tom Cruise came, and New Zealand was really remote, so the passengers who recognized him did not know what kind of slander he was now.

However, the United States was different. The United States was the center of this whirlpool!

When Tom Cruise suddenly appeared in Los Angeles, it could be imagined that these angry Americans would not let him off easily!

This shout made a large number of people in the airport hall recognize Tom Cruise. Then, a white-haired old lady looked at him, pointed at him, and said angrily but dignified, "Cruise, I'm 85 years old this year. 58 years ago, my husband died in Okinawa, Japan. Do you know why he went all the way to Okinawa to die?

Because he wanted to help the world end the war!

No one has made a movie about him and his soldiers who died there, but you made a movie that praised the executioner. You're really disappointing! "

Tom Cruise looked extremely ashamed. He stood where he was and bowed to the old lady, saying, "I'm really sorry. Please rest assured, I've decided …"

Before he could finish the second half of his sentence, countless people in the airport hall shouted, "Shame-on-you!"

At first, these voices were particularly noisy, but soon the people unified and shouted loudly and orderly:

Shame-on-you!

Shame-on-you!

Shame-on-you!

"…"

The deafening voices echoed throughout the airport hall, and this voice attracted more people's attention, so more and more people joined in.

Tom Cruise almost collapsed. He never thought that he would go from being admired by countless people to being despised by countless people. On the one hand, this made him miserable, on the other hand, it also strengthened his idea that he must organize a press conference as soon as possible to announce to the world that he would give up acting in "The Last Samurai", apologize to the people of the world, and beg for their forgiveness.

The situation at the scene was a little out of control. Several strong Texan men even rushed forward to push and shove. If the airport security hadn't arrived in time, the situation was likely to escalate at some point.

Tom Cruise finally left the airport under the escort of bodyguards and security guards. Countless people chased him out, shouting the words that almost made him collapse all the way, "Shame-on-you!"

When sitting in the nanny car, Tom Cruise could still hear the uniform slogans of the angry people behind him.

Shame-on-you!

Tom Cruise tore at his hair with both hands, his eyes red, and he lost control of his emotions and shouted at his agent, the National People's Congress, "I want to hold a press conference!

Immediately!

Immediately! "

The agent nodded and comforted him, "You must hold a press conference, but you've just experienced such a long journey. You need to rest and adjust your state first. Otherwise, if you don't control yourself well, it will be bad if you make any mistakes at the press conference."

The agent didn't dare to let Tom Cruise hold a press conference in such a way. If he accidentally made a bigger mess, it would be really terrible!

Besides, Tom Cruise was an idol actor. He couldn't let him hold a press conference in such a dispirited and unkempt manner. It would also be a great damage to his image.

Tom Cruise also said those words in a moment of anger. If he really held a press conference now, he wouldn't want to. After such a long journey, he needed to adjust his face, mood, and appearance before he could face the camera.

Therefore, Tom Cruise said to his agent, "Go and get ready. It would be best to hold a press conference before three o 'clock in the afternoon."

The agent nodded and said, "I'll send you home later. Go back and have a rest first. I'll find a suitable place immediately and set it up as soon as possible. At the same time, I'll inform the major media."

Then the agent said, "But I think we'd better not inform the media too early. Otherwise, once Warner knows that we're going to hold a press conference, they will definitely guess our intention. If they get ahead of us …"

Tom Cruise immediately nodded and said, "Be sure to keep it confidential. Don't leak a word in advance!"

For Tom Cruise, if he held a press conference to announce his withdrawal first, it would be equivalent to renouncing darkness for light. There would be a lot of room for him to play the emotional card. However, if Warner got ahead of him, he would be in an awkward situation. It was very likely that the public would think that he was stubborn and stubborn.

If he surrendered before he lost his position, he could self-label it as an "uprising." If he lost his position, it wouldn't even be called a surrender. It would be called a "capture."

Dragging his exhausted body back home, Tom Cruise hurriedly took a shower and was ready to take advantage of the few hours to have a good rest. However, as soon as he lay down, his agent called.

As soon as Tom Cruise answered the phone, the agent said in a panic, "F * ck!

Tom！

We-F*cking-Screwed-Up！”

"F * ck, Tom, we f * cking screwed up!"

Tom Cruise sat up from the bed with a start and asked anxiously, "What happened?!"

The agent said in a sobbing tone, "Warner!

Those shameless bastards, they're going to hold a press conference in an hour!

They're going to sell us out! "