Chapter 65

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue's simple reply. There were only two words: "Wait for me."

He did not reply again. He put his phone back into his pocket and waited quietly by the side of the road.

About ten minutes later, a taxi stopped beside Li Mu. Su Yingxue, who was sitting in the backseat, opened the door and sat inside. She smiled at Li Mu. "Get in."

Li Mu smiled. A thought flashed through his mind. If Su Yingxue was sitting in the backseat, should he sit in the front passenger seat or sit in the back with her?

Before he could think about it, Su Yingxue gave him the answer.

Li Mu bent down and got into the car. Su Yingxue said to the driver, "Sir, to Yucheng Alley."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Yucheng Alley is the alley near Yucheng Middle School, right?"

"Yes." Su Yingxue smiled. "I went to junior high at Yucheng Middle School. What about you?"

"Xiling Coal Mine Children's School." Li Mu smiled and said, "Our children's school ranges from the Yuhong class to the third year of junior high."

"I've heard of it."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "It's said that Xiling Coal Mine Children's School is the school with the largest grade range in Haizhou."

"Yes. Although there are many grades, there are few people. There are only one to two thousand people in total."

Su Yingxue turned her head and looked at Li Mu. "Aren't you curious as to why I invited you to Yucheng Alley for a meal?"

"Not at all."

Li Mu casually said, "Since you went to junior high at Yucheng Middle School, then the food you want to take me to eat must be something you liked back then."

"You guessed it right."

Su Yingxue praised. "It's not just back then. I like it very much even now. But I don't know if it suits your taste."

"I'm fine with anything."

Li Mu thought to himself that he was the least picky when it came to food. After studying and working outside for more than ten years, he had basically developed the ability to eat all kinds of cuisines. Moreover, he had no taboos at all. Whether it was hot or cold, sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, salty, coriander, Chinese toon, onion, ginger, and garlic, he could eat them all. In fact, it was all forced by life.

The driver quickly drove the car to the east side of Yucheng Middle School. Yucheng Alley was a north-south alley that ran parallel to Yucheng Middle School. There was a huge cement block at the entrance of the alley, so the car couldn't get in. Thus, the two of them got out of the car outside the alley and walked side by side into the alley.

Li Mu had been to Yucheng Alley before. In his memory, it should be around 1997 to 1999. There was a Photoshop in Yucheng Alley, and he would sometimes come here with his friends to play for a while. But this memory was too old for the current Li Mu.

Most of the shops in Yucheng Alley were for students. The Photoshop was still there, and there was also a stationery store and a book rental store. When they passed by, they saw that they only sold small comics. The pirated online novels that would become popular in the future had not yet become popular.

Su Yingxue led Li Mu deep into the alley. There was a T-junction where there was a Chengdu Kebab. Su Yingxue pointed at the old signboard and said to Li Mu, "This is it."

"Kebab." Li Mu smiled. "Let's go."

Su Yingxue smiled and asked, "It's a little spicy. Are you okay with that?"

"No problem."

The two of them entered the kebab shop together and found that the seven or eight tables outside were already full. There was a hubbub of voices, and it seemed that business was very good. Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu was a little dazed, so she tugged on his sleeve and led him through the entire outer area.

Only then did Li Mu realize that there was another world behind it. There was a courtyard of about 70 to 80 square meters, and there were more than ten tables there. Although there were a lot of people, fortunately, there were still empty seats.

When the stout lady boss saw Su Yingxue, she came up to her and said enthusiastically, "Aiya, Little Xue!

You haven't been here for a long time! "

Su Yingxue smiled. "Yeah, I've been busy with the college entrance exam recently, so I didn't have time to come."

The lady boss smiled, and her eyes curved into crescents. "How was your college entrance exam?"

Su Yingxue smiled and answered, "Not bad."

The lady boss nodded and glanced at Li Mu. She said with a slight teasing tone, "I haven't seen you for a while. You've grown more beautiful, and your boyfriend is also very handsome."

After saying this, before Su Yingxue could give an explanation, the lady boss pointed to an empty table next to her and said with a smile, "Come, sit here. What kind of soup base do you want?"

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu sideways. "You can eat spicy food, so I'll have a full spicy soup base?"

"Okay." Li Mu nodded lightly.

Su Yingxue then ordered the soup base from the lady boss and an iced Coke. She sat opposite Li Mu at the small square table.

In Li Mu's impression, it seemed that every girl liked to eat kebabs, which had a great degree of freedom. After ordering a pot base, they could take all kinds of things they liked to eat and cook them. Su Yingxue was not an exception at this point. She ran back and forth twice with the metal square plate and filled all kinds of kebabs.

The lady boss came over with the soup base while Su Yingxue was taking the food for the second time and turned on the fire. By the time Su Yingxue came back from the second trip, the fiery red soup base was already boiling.

"Do you want to see if there's anything you like to eat?" Su Yingxue asked Li Mu excitedly after making two trips.

Li Mu glanced at the food on the table. The two full plates seemed to be more than the two of them could eat, so he waved his hand and said, "Let's eat first. Don't forget to finish it later."

"I can eat a lot." Su Yingxue raised her eyebrows and looked a little proud.

Li Mu said casually, "It's fine. Eat as much as you want. I have money with me."

Su Yingxue put food into the pot and curled her lips. "It's very cheap. No matter how much you can eat, it won't cost you much. Also, this meal is on me. You can't rush to pay the bill."

Li Mu nodded. "It's rare for the campus belle to treat me to a meal. How can I rush to pay the bill?"

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and smiled. Then, she turned serious. "Oh right, I heard that the accelerated class only takes 20 days to get a driver's license. I should be able to get it by the middle of next month. I'll go to Yanjing after I get it."

"Why are you going so early?" Li Mu was very surprised.

"I'm going to stay at my aunt's house for a few days."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "My aunt lives in Yanjing. She wants me to go there early. On the one hand, she wants me to familiarize myself with the environment in Yanjing. On the other hand, she wants me to tutor my cousin. My cousin wants to take the art examination next year, but she can't fall behind in her cultural lessons."

Li Mu asked, "Usually, when does the National People's Congress start?"

"At the end of August."

Su Yingxue said, "It should be around the 25th. The military training will start around the 28th."

"Then I should go to Yanjing on the 23rd or 24th?"

"Yes."

Su Yingxue thought that Li Mu didn't want to leave home so early, so she said with a smile, "But don't worry too much. The National Day holiday will be over after a month in school. You can go home then."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not homesick. I'm just afraid that I can't finish my business in Haizhou."

Su Yingxue handed the cooked spicy pork to Li Mu. Just when she was about to ask him what he was busy with in Haizhou, a short girl suddenly stood in front of them and shouted excitedly, "Yingxue!"

Su Yingxue and Li Mu looked up at the same time. Li Mu didn't know the girl in front of him. Su Yingxue said excitedly, "Ruru, what a coincidence. Why are you here?"

"I brought my high school classmates here to try the food of our Yucheng Middle School."

The girl called Ruru giggled and then glanced at Li Mu. She winked at Su Yingxue and asked in a low voice, "Boyfriend?"

"Don't talk nonsense," Su Yingxue said hurriedly, "My high school classmate. Let me introduce you, this is Li Mu."

"Li Mu, this is my deskmate and good friend from the third year of junior high school, Cao Ruru."

"Hello."

Li Mu smiled and nodded. He was constantly mistaken as Su Yingxue's boyfriend, which made him feel happy. He felt that this should prove that in the eyes of others, he and Su Yingxue were a perfect match, right?

At this time, Cao Ruru looked at Li Mu through her thick glasses and suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, it's you!"

Li Mu was stunned, and so was Su Yingxue.

"Have we met before?" Li Mu asked tentatively.

"Hey!"

Cao Ruru jumped with excitement and said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, do you remember when we had a junior high school reunion after the college entrance examination? I told you that I met a super powerful guy during the college entrance examination. He was hit by a car, but he still came to take the college entrance examination. Most importantly, the invigilator of Fifth High School wanted to make trouble for him, but he ended up being threatened by him."

"I remember," Su Yingxue said and looked at Li Mu in shock. "Is the person you're talking about Li Mu?"