Chapter 181

Dong Ai had a calm personality and was able to keep her composure. Halfway through the meal, she didn't tell Li Mu her motive for inviting him to dinner. She kept chatting with Li Mu until Li Mu felt bored and took the initiative to ask her, "Senior Sister Ai, just tell me what you want from me. Since you're always so loyal to me, I definitely won't refuse if I can do it."

Dong Ai put down her chopsticks, smiled and said, "I just want you to eat more. The more you eat, the softer your mouth will be!"

Li Mu rubbed his stomach, "I'm almost full, just tell me."

Dong Ai saw that Li Mu was about to tell her the truth, so she didn't hide it anymore. She said directly, "I want to intern at 3321."

What Dong Ai said was an internship, not a part-time job or a job, which made Li Mu a little surprised. He asked her, "You said you want to do an internship in 3321. Are you going to do it in 3321 during the internship period in your senior year?"

"That's right."

Dong Ai nodded, "I'm very interested in 3321, and I have high hopes for it. If you agree, I promise that from tomorrow until I graduate, I will spend no less than 40 hours a week on 3321."

40 hours a week was equivalent to a 5 x 8 full-time job. Li Mu asked in surprise, "What about your studies?"

"I've been recommended for postgraduate studies."

Dong Ai smiled and said, "I've also maxed out my credits. From now until the end of the year, I only need to do a thesis defense. I have a lot of time."

Li Mu suddenly understood. He had long heard that Senior Sister Ai was recommended for postgraduate studies. She was like a super scholar, so it wasn't surprising for her to maxed out her credits in the first half of her senior year.

Therefore, Li Mu said generously, "If that's the case, then I will definitely welcome Senior Sister Ai to join 3321. Do you have any requirements for salary?"

Dong Ai shook her head and said, "I don't have any requirements for salary, but I do have requirements for the position."

Li Mu asked, "What position do you want?"

Dong Ai said, "I want a management position, but don't worry, you don't have any psychological pressure. Now that 3321 is about to be formalized, you can give me a chance to try if you don't have enough manpower. If I really can't do it, then you can kick me out anytime."

Li Mu had heard many stories about Dong Ai. Other than the stories about her being a genius, there were also details about Dong Ai's way of doing things. In the undergraduate department, Dong Ai was very respected by her juniors. She had a strong charisma and had a certain temperament of a leader. If she was willing to join 3321, letting her be a manager would be a good too. At least, the other students chosen from the National People's Congress would listen to her.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "Alright, you will be responsible for recruiting people and setting up the team and departments in the early stages."

Dong Ai hurriedly took out a small notebook and took out a mini ballpoint pen from it. She said, "Tell me, which departments do I need to set up?"

Li Mu said, "The first is the marketing department, which is mainly responsible for the offline promotion team. The second is the operations department, which is responsible for the basic operations of the website. The third is the customer service department, which is responsible for the requests of customers, including students and parents."

Dong Ai asked, "What about the size of the staff?"

Li Mu said, "Since you want to be a manager, you have to think about the size of the staff yourself. Based on our current situation and speed of development, how much do you think we need for these departments?"

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "3321, the next most important thing is the student certification. I have two buddies in my dorm helping me with this. I'll introduce them to you later and have them report to you about the situation. The next batch of three thousand students has to be certified before eight o 'clock on Friday night. You'll have to coordinate the personnel and the workload."

Dong Ai nodded. She suddenly felt a huge pressure. This was something she had never felt in all her years of studying. However, this pressure also awakened the fighting spirit in her heart. Therefore, she clenched her fists and said to Li Mu, "Don't worry, I will do my best to do this well."

Li Mu was indeed very relieved. 3321's framework and core direction were all controlled by him. He did not need to be so strict about these details. If Senior Sister Ai could really sit in the National People's Congress and take on the role of 3321's logistics manager, he could really relax.

Dong Ai had achieved her goal. Thinking about the Makino Technology, she hesitated again and again, but still said to Li Mu, "Actually, I still have a doubt in my heart, and I want to confirm it with you."

Li Mu asked, "What doubt?

What can I do to help? "

Dong Ai nodded and asked, "Is Makino Technology your company?"

Li Mu was slightly stunned. Three seconds later, he nodded lightly.

"That's not honest. You even lied to me and Sister Qingya last time."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not really a lie. I just didn't want to say it at that time."

Dong Ai asked, "Why?

What's there to hide? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "If I told you at that time that I started a company and asked you to introduce me to a reliable person, what would you think?"

Dong Ai thought for a moment, then said with a smile, "I would think it was too childish. Even if it was true, it would most likely be a sudden decision made by young people. There wouldn't be any prospects."

Li Mu continued, "So you definitely wouldn't introduce Lin Ching-ah to me. In fact, you wouldn't even introduce anyone that you think is reliable to me, right?"

Dong Ai nodded awkwardly. "You're right."

Li Mu continued, "It's not just you. Even if it was Lin Ching-ah, if she knew that I wanted to poach her from Softbank, I'm afraid it would be very difficult for her to agree."

Dong Ai nodded again.

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't really want to keep it a secret. I just feel that sometimes it's better not to let some things seem too different. In the future, I may register other companies and try other projects, but those have little to do with the campus, so there's no need to bring the news to the campus. It's enough to have 3321 on campus."

Dong Ai asked tentatively, "Is Makino Technology really that powerful?

Sister Qingya seems to be very satisfied with the new decision she made. "

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "I gave her a point of options as an incentive. She can cash it out after three years. If she takes the initiative to leave within three years, or if she doesn't do well enough, I have the right to take back the options. However, if she does well, I can't guarantee anything else after three years, but the company's valuation will easily increase by ten times."

"Keep bragging!

Do you think it will increase by ten times just because you say so? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Senior Sister, you don't understand the Internet. The Internet is similar to buying the casket and returning the pearls. Everything is about packaging and concept. Now that the door of Baidu has been opened, I will be launching a few new products in the future. If it works well, Series B can increase by several times."

Dong Ai looked at Li Mu in shock. She felt very conflicted in her heart. She felt that Li Mu was talking nonsense, but deep in her heart, she really believed him.

…

It was said that Dong Ai made Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei surrender to her in the blink of an eye.

Therefore, these two people whom Li Mu regarded as his brothers became little lapdogs in front of Dong Ai.

The two of them led their respective pushers and listened to Dong Ai's instructions, and began to do the second batch of student certification.

When the two of them came back after a busy day, they were so tired that they almost collapsed.

Li Mu also learned from them that Dong Ai took out a map of Beijing today. First, she used the central axis of Tiananmen as the benchmark, and then used a red marker to divide the map into two. Then, she said to Xue Jianfeng, "You are now the person in charge of the western region."

Then, she said to Li Yawei, "You are the person in charge of the eastern region."

After that, Dong Ai asked them to pick three outstanding people from their respective teams. Then, she told Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei to divide the region they were in charge of into three groups. Three outstanding team members would be in charge of each group, and they would go to each school to do the certification as soon as possible.

In the past, when the pushers were doing the certification, they would filter out all the students from the same school, and then look for them one by one. Dong Ai waved her hand and said boldly, "Now, they are the ones coming after us. You guys choose the time to go to a school, and then send a message to the students of that school. Ask them to find you at the designated location to do the certification. You won't wait for them on time."

Therefore, the efficiency was greatly increased.

When the certification team members arrived at a school, the students waiting for the certification had already gathered at the designated location. Then, they quickly lined up to verify their information, and then directly went to the next school.

Li Mu was a little surprised. Why didn't he think of this method?

It did save a lot of manpower, and it shouldn't be a problem to complete the certification on Friday.

At three o'clock in the afternoon on Friday, Dong Ai handed in a perfect answer to Li Mu. The second batch of three thousand students had all been certified.

At the same time, Dong Ai was planning to certify around five hundred more people, increasing the number of students from 3321 to five thousand.

After hearing the plan from Dong Ai, Li Mu agreed without hesitation.

Five thousand students. Who knew what would happen in the second round of auctions from tonight to tomorrow.

The auctions were the most attractive part of 3321. It gave every student a lot of room for imagination. Under the stimulation of this system, Li Mu wasn't worried that the students and parents would come to an agreement in private. 3321 originally had many official policies and methods to ensure the safety and benefits of the students. This platform was a place where all the students felt a sense of belonging.

Other than that, Li Mu firmly believed that as long as the auction system of 3321 was still in place, the demands of the parents and the students would absolutely conflict. The parents wouldn't blindly give a high price, and the students wouldn't blindly accept a low price. Only an intense auction could bring them unlimited possibilities.

Li Mu called Kong Lingyu and said, "During this period of time, we have to seize the time to find all kinds of skilled people. Soon, we will have a new project."