Chapter 1319

The girl from the pharmacy made a phone call and asked her boss for instructions.

Everyone looked at her nervously, hoping that her boss would stick to his principles. After all, from the store's previous rule of "one bag per person", the boss still had some conscience.

After a while, she hung up the phone. While everyone was still waiting for the final result, the girl went straight to the door of the pharmacy and tore down the red poster that said 120 yuan and one bag per person.

This tear caused everyone's hearts to be filled with despair and anger.

After tearing down the poster, the girl bowed to the people in line outside and said, "I'm sorry, everyone. Our boss has agreed to this gentleman's proposal to sell all our stock to him. Please come back tomorrow. We will have another batch of goods arriving tomorrow."

As soon as she said that, the crowd suddenly started cursing. But no one had a good solution.

At this moment, the man who came from afar on a motorcycle couldn't help but yell, "Why?!

The lives of rich people are money, but the lives of ordinary people are not?

Your store is too much!

Do you have any humanity?

I came all the way here to buy a bag of indigowoad root for my wife and children to rest assured. But you guys are good. You sell it to whoever gives more money?

Is there anyone like you? "

The originally depressed crowd was instantly lit up. Many people followed the man's voice and shouted in agreement, suddenly making the atmosphere extremely intense.

The man struck while the iron was hot and said, "I think some of the rich people in this society are used to being arrogant!

They think that just because they have some stinking money, they can bully us ordinary people unscrupulously. What do you mean?

What's so great about being rich?

You think you can do whatever you want with money?

I don't believe it!

Aren't you selling it for 200 yuan?

Fine!

I can't afford hundreds or thousands of bags, but can't I afford one?

Who are you looking down on? "

After saying that, he took out his wallet from his pocket and counted out 200 yuan. He rushed to the front and slapped it on the cashier. He looked at the rich National People's Congress and said, "200 yuan, I want one bag!

I don't believe it!

No matter how capable you are, can you buy all the indigowoad root in the whole city or even the whole country? "

How could the rich man swallow his anger? He gritted his teeth and shouted, "F * ck, Grenade-Throwing Mother, what do you mean?

You can't accept it, right? "

The man mimicked his tone and snorted, "What? Is it illegal to buy things?

I'm not as rich as you, but I can still afford 200 yuan. Plus, I didn't steal, rob, scam, or cheat. What's wrong?

You're not convinced?

Call the police to arrest me! "

The rich man was immediately silenced. The other party's retort made him feel angry, but he couldn't refute it.

When the onlookers outside saw him being humiliated, they all felt that they had vented their anger!

Everyone looked at the man who dared to clamor with the rich villains as if they were looking at a hero. They almost applauded him on the street.

At this time, the heroic man shook the cash in his hand and urged the shop assistant, "Hey, take the money. I can afford 200 yuan. Hurry up and get the things for me!"

The submissive shop assistant immediately took the money and hurriedly took out a bag of indigowoad root from the bottom of the counter and handed it over. Before the man took the indigowoad root out of the door, he deliberately mimicked the rich man and put the indigowoad root under his armpit. He snorted twice and raised his eyebrows at the rich man. He provocatively patted the bag of indigowoad root under his armpit and said rudely, "Brother, I'll give you a word of advice before I leave. Even if you're rich, don't scam your conscience!"

The onlookers burst into cheers. Everyone felt that the middle-aged man's actions were too satisfying. This kind of satisfaction was like dragging an unpardonable criminal onto the street and having someone kick him.

At this time, the man walked out of the pharmacy and waved the indigowoad root in his hand. He said, "Brothers and sisters, buy whatever you can. We can't let these snobs look down on us!

Sometimes, we have to let them see the power of the people! "

"That's right!" Someone was immediately incited.

The feeling of slapping the arrogant rich man in the face must be very satisfying. This made many people want to experience it for themselves.

It was still that unpardonable criminal. Someone went up to give him a kick, and everyone wanted to do the same. Once someone successfully demonstrated it, the effect was very shocking.

As expected, more than one person was driven by this surging impulse. They took out 200 yuan and poured into the pharmacy. 200 yuan to buy a bag of indigowoad root. Was it expensive?

It was really expensive. It was extremely expensive. But if buying a bag of indigowoad root for 200 yuan could still slap a rich man in the face, then the money spent was too worth it!

The man who first spent 200 yuan to buy a bag of indigowoad root walked to the corner of the street and disappeared. He took out his phone and couldn't wait to make a call. The moment he opened his mouth, he said excitedly, "Boss Xu, this move of yours is really effective!

I think you can sell at least a hundred bags today! "

The other party asked with a smile, "How high is the price?"

The man laughed and said proudly, "200!"

"Impressive, impressive."

The other party praised and said, "From the looks of it, your thousand bags of goods will be sold out in a few days!

You've earned quite a lot from this! "

The man said with a smile, "Boss Xu, the key is that the price you gave is too high. 80 yuan per bag. You've basically increased the price by forty times!"

The other party said with a smile, "You're not simple either. You can earn 120 yuan per bag. If you sell a thousand bags, that's 120,000 yuan!"

The man said excitedly, "Thank you for your auspicious words, Boss Xu. If it's possible, leave more for me. When I have the funds, I'll get another batch from you."

The other party said, "I can't promise you that."

The man hurriedly said, "Then leave a thousand bags for me first. After today's inventory, I'll ask my relatives and friends to gather some more. I'll try to transfer them to you tomorrow!"

Now that the Radix Isatidis was sold for 80 yuan, he could easily sell it for 120 yuan. If he acted according to today's script every day, selling it for 200 yuan wouldn't be a problem at all!

Just as the boss of the pharmacy was dreaming of becoming rich, his pharmacy was bustling with activity. Everyone was rushing to pay, and at the same time, they didn't forget to scold the arrogant "rich man". The rich man's temper seemed to have improved a lot. He stood by the counter, holding a stack of money and letting everyone scold him. He didn't talk back at all, allowing everyone to have a good time.

After seven or eight people bought a bag of Radix Isatidis at the price of 200 yuan, a woman at the scene suddenly received a call. At this moment, she was about to pay when she heard what was said on the phone. She immediately exclaimed and shouted, "Everyone, everyone!

My son called and said that at eight o 'clock tonight, Taobao will start selling epidemic prevention supplies on time. The same Radix Isatidis, but Taobao is only selling it for 4.90 yuan a big bag!

There's also disinfectant that has long been sold out. It's said that a small bottle is only selling for two yuan!

I also heard that there are imported protective masks that are sold very cheaply! "

That sentence instantly made the people who were gathering to buy the supplies stop all their actions.

"Radix Isatidis, 4.90 yuan a big bag?!

Two yuan for a small bottle of disinfectant?!

Are you kidding?! "

The middle-aged woman immediately said, "What my son said is absolutely true!

Taobao has already put it up for sale!

You all know about Taobao, right?

It's done by the famous Li Mu. He's such a rich boss. Would he joke around with us commoners?

Besides, Li Mu has done a lot of good deeds! "

Some people didn't know about Taobao, but no one didn't know about Li Mu.

Once they heard that it was done by Li Mu, everyone immediately believed the middle-aged woman's words unconditionally. To ordinary people, buying these supplies at a low price was like a fool's dream. But to a super rich man like Li Mu, it was definitely not a problem!

Everyone was instantly delighted, but someone immediately said, "Aiya, this is bad. I don't know how to shop online. What should I do!"

"It's okay if you don't know!"

A middle-aged woman said, "I don't know how to do that either. Last time when Taobao had an event, I asked my neighbor's child to help me buy laundry detergent. I just gave him the cash. Finding someone who knows how to surf the internet can save a lot of money!

A bag of radix isatidis is 4.90 yuan. Isn't that a saving of 195 yuan?

How much a month's salary is! "

"That's right!"

Many people in the crowd immediately echoed. Following that, a member of the National People's Congress shouted, "Aiya, it's past six. Everyone, hurry back. Those who can surf the internet, those who can't, think of a way. If we're late and Taobao sells out, there's nothing we can do!"

With that said, a large group of people turned around and walked out.

At this moment, a pharmacy salesperson wearing a mask who had been silent all this while suddenly said, "Don't believe this kind of deceptive news!

While we still have the goods, hurry up and buy them. If you act too late and realize that you've been scammed when you return, there's nothing you can do!

After all, health and life are more important!

Although it's a little expensive, we're buying a peace of mind and a safety net! "

"Li Mu will lie?

I don't believe it! "

An old man snorted and said, "They're selling it for 4.90 yuan, and you're selling it for 200 yuan. Do you think we're stupid? Why would we buy it from you?"

"That's right. I think they want to make a fortune from this kind of immoral money!

My husband works hard to earn more than 1,100 yuan a month. After deducting his pension insurance, he only gets about 900 yuan. This bag of radix isatidis is equivalent to a week of my husband's hard work! "

The salesperson was so anxious that her forehead was sweating. She hurriedly said, "Sis, don't misunderstand. We know the market for radix isatidis better than you do. It's impossible for there to be radix isatidis for 4.90 yuan. This is because the pharmaceutical factory has raised the price of all the goods they sell. Do you know how immoral the pharmaceutical factory is?

They know that if they raise the price openly, they will definitely be punished by the government, so they cut off all the goods from the previous sellers. Then, they will sell the medicine to the people who colluded with them at the normal price. Then, they will sell it at a higher price. This bag of radix isatidis, the factory price was less than two yuan in the past. Now, because of them, it can be sold for tens of yuan.

This salesperson was the lady boss of the store. She was not old, just in her thirties. She knew a lot about the Internet. She was a user of Taobao. When she heard that Li Mu's Taobao was selling epidemic prevention materials at a fair price, she believed it in her heart. That was why she panicked.

The radix isatidis in her store had been swept clean by the profiteers in Yang City two months ago. At that time, they did not even know about the rumors of the epidemic. Later, they realized that there were more and more people coming to buy radix isatidis. Moreover, the moment they opened their mouths, they asked for it in large quantities. It was as if all the pharmacies had come to their store to stock up. Only then did they take the initiative to inquire about the situation related to the epidemic and the soaring price of radix isatidis. However, it was already too late. They could not get the goods at all. They could only watch as others who had the goods raised the price higher and higher.

10 yuan, 30 yuan, 50 yuan, 80 yuan, 100 yuan, 120 yuan …

The price of radix isatidis was like sitting on a rocket. It continued to rise at an extremely fast speed. Her husband beat his chest and stamped his feet. Later, after being introduced to Boss Xu, he finally managed to get a batch of goods at a high price. Hence, he wanted to take the opportunity of the soaring price to add some tricks to make a huge profit.

This time, her husband had taken 80,000 yuan of radix isatidis from outside. This was definitely a huge sum of money for them. Many of them were borrowed debts, including the 20,000 yuan in the hands of the "rich man" next to the cashier. It was also borrowed. However, they all felt that this money could be collected steadily, and they could even make a lot of profit from it.

They had rehearsed this kind of trick several times. Today was the official opening day. They did not expect that just after buying one or two thousand yuan, their source of income would be cut off. Moreover, the person who cut off their source of income was actually the famous Li Mu …

The lady boss's words did not manage to keep the hearts of the others. The huge price difference made them completely give up on the high price of the radix isatidis, which was 200 yuan a pack. The crowd began to disperse at an unstoppable speed. The lady boss was burning with anxiety. She hurriedly said, "Everyone, if you think it's too expensive, I can still sell it to you at 120 yuan, okay?"

The old man had already walked out of the pharmacy. When he heard this, he turned around and looked at her, then looked at the confused "rich man." He frowned and said, "You can sell it to him. Doesn't his family have a lot of people?

And he's willing to pay a high price!

Buy it and drink it as tea! "

The "rich man" who had been arrogant immediately panicked. After a long time, he said, "I … I … I won't fight with you. It's not easy for you …"

The old man narrowed his eyes and stared at him for a long time. Suddenly, he said, "Oh, the two of you are acting here!"

At this moment, the surrounding people who were walking out and those who had just walked out couldn't help but turn around. The old man pointed at the "rich man" and said angrily, "Did everyone hear what this guy said?

He was just shouting that he wanted 200 yuan a pack. Now that the shop assistant lowered the price to 120 yuan, he doesn't want to buy it anymore. He even said that he won't fight with us. It's contradictory. He must be a liar! "

"I … I didn't …"

The "rich man" no longer had the attitude from before. He was not a bold villain at all. He was just the boss's younger brother with a fierce face. Now that he had been seen through, he immediately panicked and broke out in a cold sweat.

This obvious panic instantly made everyone understand. Only then did everyone realize that everyone was so angry, so angry, and so eager to slap the other party's face. It turned out that they had been played like monkeys!

The people who had woken up were filled with extreme anger!

This kind of anger was like a fierce flame that rushed to the top of everyone's head!

The reason why they were so angry was not only because they had been tricked, but more importantly, these people were really too heartless!

A pack of medicine had been sold for 200 yuan using such a despicable method. This was even more despicable than the landlord, the traitor, and the lackey!

A middle-aged woman suddenly flew into a rage. She pointed at the two people and scolded, "Unscrupulous merchants, you will die a horrible death!"

"Damn it, dying a horrible death is already letting them off easy!

It's practically ending their bloodline! "

"I'll throw it. Stop talking nonsense!

Just kill this son of a b * tch who earns money with a black heart! "