Chapter 203

"Letting poor students go out to work or go back home to farm is a good deed."

While this statement made Huang Zhen fall into the abyss, it also made 3321 a target that no one in the education system dared to provoke. For a non-profit organization that had no profit motive at all, the local education boards had reached a consensus: as long as 3321 came to the local area to study, they would actively cooperate with them to the end, so that they could come happily and leave smoothly.

Li Mu also became famous because of this event. In the group of university students, he had already become an idol of his age. Even Su Yingxue, who had always been a little proud of Li Mu, felt that the light shining on Li Mu was a little too dazzling. Although he was still the same in her mind, she still didn't have the courage to ask him why he didn't tell her when he went to Guangxi, and instead brought Zhao Ziqiu from Beijing University with him.

Su Yingxue began to suspect that when Li Mu said that he wanted to pursue her after drinking a little, it was just a joke. He had long forgotten about it, but she was still brooding over it.

However, on the third day after Li Mu came back, he took the initiative to invite Su Yingxue out for a meal. At the dining table, he told Su Yingxue about what he had seen and heard in Xilan.

As Su Yingxue listened to his story, she kept thinking about a question in her mind. Why was Zhao Ziqiu from Beijing University also there?

However, for the first time, Su Yingxue felt a trace of lack of confidence in the bottom of her heart. It was precisely because of this lack of confidence that she didn't dare to ask. She was afraid that if she asked, she would get an answer that she couldn't accept.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Are we going to do this kind of activity more often in the future?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "There will definitely be more in the future, but I don't plan to participate anymore."

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "Why?"

"I'm too busy."

Li Mu told the truth, "The first activity was to scout the way, so I had to go. But now it seems that no matter where 3321 goes, there won't be any trouble, so I won't participate anymore."

Su Yingxue was even more disappointed.

She also hoped that she could accompany Li Mu to do this kind of meaningful thing, but before she could say anything, Li Mu already didn't plan to go anymore.

In the past, Su Yingxue always had a kind of indifference that was different from ordinary people. This made her believe that she always worked hard to be herself and never envied anyone. But at that moment, she especially envied Zhao Ziqiu. Once this thought appeared in her heart, a faint sadness also appeared in her heart.

Li Mu didn't notice Su Yingxue's abnormality, and even said to Su Yingxue with a bit of pride, "I've already made 3321 invulnerable. Now, 3321 has the help of many seniors including Senior Ai. There are a few full-time employees and one to two hundred part-time employees. I just need to set the direction for what to do in the future, and they can do the rest."

Su Yingxue nodded absent-mindedly, then raised her head and said, "The leaves on Yanjing Ginkgo Avenue have all turned yellow. I heard that if it's a little later, you won't be able to see it anymore. Do you remember when you told me about it?"

Li Mu nodded repeatedly, "I remember. Do you want to go and see?

If you do, I'll accompany you on the weekend! "

A ray of light flashed in Su Yingxue's eyes, and she asked without hiding her joy, "Really?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course it's true."

Su Yingxue said, "Aren't you always busy on the weekend?"

Li Mu said, "This weekend, 3321 will go to Shanbei to study, but I won't be going."

On the second week, they would go to Hu Zhengdao's hometown. Li Mu had already asked Dong Ai to lead the preparation.

Su Yingxue said happily like a child, "Then it's a deal. When the time comes, you can't change your mind at the last minute. If you don't like it this week, I'm afraid you'll have to wait until next year."

Li Mu solemnly promised, "Saturday it is. Don't worry, I'll accompany you even if it's raining knives."

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and smiled, "If it's raining knives, then I won't go."

…

Actually, Li Mu still had a lot of things to do. Not only did he have to keep an eye on Kong Lingyu's development, but he also had to start the sales of the Legend of Mir 2.

The core members of Douban, who were groomed by Zhao Kang with his blood, sweat, and tears, played a very important role in the sales of the Legend of Mir 2. Since the official version of the Legend of Mir 2 was very popular during the free period, all the owners of the internet cafes were willing to act as agents for the Legend of Mir 2. These core members developed very quickly in the local market, and soon, they started to conquer the markets in the surrounding cities.

This process was quite simple, and many internet cafes owners were also looking for ways to act as agents for the Legend of Mir 2. Based on the percentage of people playing the Legend of Mir 2, an internet café with 30 computers would have at least 100 to 150 customers a day, and about half of them would play the Legend of Mir 2. From this, it could be seen that the profits of acting as agents for the Legend of Mir 2 were very high. All they had to do was sell the activation code, and it was a simple task.

The faster they opened up the market, the bigger and stronger the net of money they weaved. After a series of statistical investigations, Zhao Kang came to the National People's Congress to look for Li Mu. The two found a restaurant outside the university, and as soon as they sat down in a private room, Zhao Kang said to Li Mu, "Recently, I asked my men to do a survey. Although many studios have developed the Legend of Mir 2, our Legend of Mir 2 is still in the free trial period, so we have more than 90% of the market share."

Li Mu said, "In the future, we will stick to the price of 15 RMB per month. If other companies lower their prices, we must remember not to start a price war."

Zhao Kang nodded and said. "The Legend of Mir's new server is too fast, and this game is very popular. Let's stick to the 15 RMB price range. If we lower the price range to 10 RMB and below, there will still be a market for this game. If we lower the price range as well, I'm afraid others will not be able to survive. If we monopolize this game's market, we will be targeted by others."

Li Mu didn't expect Zhao Kang to also understand this, so he smiled and said, "I think so too. As long as we can occupy half of the market share, we'll be able to make a net profit of a few hundred thousand a month. It's best to be cautious."

Zhao Kang said, "Once I set up an account, how do I pay you when the money comes in?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "The money must be withdrawn in cash from the account. But we have to be careful about how we deposit the cash into our own accounts. We don't want others to target us, and it will be troublesome if we don't know where the money comes from."

Zhao Kang asked, "Do you have any ideas?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "It's not ready yet. But there's no rush. The trial period for Legend of Mir 2 is not over yet. Once the trial period is over, we still have to wait for the distributors to pay us back."

Li Mu suddenly remembered the details of the distributors' payments. He said, "Oh right, you have to ask your men to communicate with the distributors. The monthly payments are too long. Try to shorten it to half a month or even a week."

Zhao Kang hesitated and said, "I'm afraid that the distributors will feel conflicted. Isn't this too frequent?"

"It's fine."

Li Mu said, "If you ask him to earn a hundred a week and make him go to the bank, he will indeed feel conflicted. But what if he earns a thousand a week?

He will naturally be willing, so it depends on the sales. You can set it to half a month first. If the sales are really good, then we can try to shorten the period. "

Zhao Kang nodded, "No problem, I know what to do."

After the two of them finished talking, they began to concentrate on eating. Halfway through the meal, Chen Wan called Li Mu and said excitedly, "Bad boy, let me tell you some good news. I've been hired by Central TV!"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows, "Really?"

"Really, I just called to inform me that I passed the interview. I'll be an intern anchor for the morning news program. I can start work next week."

Chen Wan's voice was trembling with excitement. Li Mu was also very surprised and asked her, "How's Beijing TV Station?"

Chen Wan said, "There's still no news from Beijing TV Station, but I never dreamed that I could pass the interview with Central TV. I thought I would definitely not be able to meet Central TV."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Sis, you're so beautiful and professional, so it's not surprising that Central TV chose you. Oh right, sis, if you passed the interview with Beijing TV Station, what would you choose?"

Back then, Li Mu had suggested to Chen Wan that she should try to choose the relatively free and relaxed local TV Station, because these local TV Stations were the easiest to step into the entertainment circle. However, that was based on the fact that it was difficult to enter Central TV, and the chances were slim. Now that Central TV was a step ahead of them, Li Mu didn't know if Chen Wan's heart was more inclined to Central TV. If she was more inclined to Central TV, he couldn't persuade her to give up Central TV and choose Beijing TV Station. However, if Chen Wan really chose Central TV, Li Mu would be very regretful, because he had too many entertainment ideas to help Chen Wan. However, if she chose Central TV and was a news anchor, then he really couldn't do it.

At this time, Chen Wan said, "Beijing TV Station is the host of the non-news channel. If I pass, I should be able to go on a variety show. I asked someone to inquire about it. Beijing TV Station intends to test the waters of a few variety shows this year, but it hasn't been decided yet. Their previous programs have always been very serious, and they don't have much experience in variety shows."

Li Mu searched his memory. Beijing TV Station really didn't have any good variety shows. They did follow the trend of several talent shows, but all of them were inferior to others.

So, Li Mu asked, "Sis, have you heard what kind of variety show they're going to do?"

Chen Wan said, "Huizhou TV Station's' Super Winner 'has been particularly popular recently. It won first place in the ratings, and it's on par with Xiangnan Satellite TV's' Happy Camp '. Beijing TV Station also wants to do a similar show."

When Li Mu heard this, he laughed.

Sure enough, it was still following the trend.