Chapter 1599

Li Mu was surprised to hear that the cicadas he caught with his guests had become a hot topic on Weibo.

However, even though he was surprised, he still told Zhao Ziqiu the truth.

After hearing this, Zhao Ziqiu asked in astonishment, "Can that thing be eaten?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's quite delicious."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue. "It sounds disgusting … It doesn't sound delicious."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's out of season now. I'll make you some next summer."

"I don't want it." Zhao Ziqiu waved her hand and said, "I'm scared just thinking about it, let alone eating it."

Li Mu smiled and asked her, "What's the hot topic on Weibo about this?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "The full text of the topic is' Guess what Li Mu gave the guests to eat. '"

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's the ranking of the hot topic?"

"First."

Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "I don't know why, but everyone is paying special attention to this matter. Not only do they guess, but they also quarrel. In short, it's very lively."

As she spoke, Zhao Ziqiu said, "From the first week of the show's broadcast, basically every episode can get a hot topic before the broadcast. It can be seen that the audience's attention is still very high. Moreover, after every episode, there will be at least two hot topics. Even if a guest says something interesting, it will become a hot topic on Weibo."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Then I'll turn on the computer later."

After dinner, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu lay lazily on the sofa in the living room, holding their laptops and scrolling through Weibo.

On Weibo, two of the top ten hot topics were related to him.

The first one was indeed [Guess what Li Mu gave the guests to eat], with more than ten million followers;

In second place was [Li Mu's participation in the Life we Look Forward to] with around eight million viewers.

Li Mu roughly looked at the discussion content under these two hot topics and found that the enthusiasm of users to express their views and opinions was indeed very high. Judging from the total amount of content under the topic and the quality of the content that was sampled, it shouldn't be data that the TV station spent money to create.

It could be seen that the netizens were paying a lot of attention to his participation in this show.

They discussed it enthusiastically on Weibo and even came up with two hot topics, which in itself was a huge promotion for the show.

In his previous life, many celebrities and film companies would hype up their new shows on Weibo. Their biggest goal was to create a trending topic and attract more potential users for their films and TV series.

In this life, Li Mu had also given Weibo such a mission, but he did not expect that Weibo and variety shows would be linked together so early.

But thinking about it carefully, a product like Weibo itself was the best choice to chase after celebrities closely. More importantly, it was especially easy to generate group discussions.

Therefore, once there is a hot topic that the whole people pay attention to, it will basically become a hot topic on Weibo, triggering a large number of netizens to concentrate on discussing. This is the unique charm of Weibo.

When Weibo went downhill in later generations, every time a super big gossip in the entertainment industry was broken out, Weibo would usher in a peak of traffic. A huge number of users poured into Weibo to eat melons, discuss and watch the excitement, which almost became a habit.

Since the launch of "Life we Look Forward to", with its unique program style, program positioning and star lineup, it has quickly been loved and sought after by users, so it is basically on the Weibo hot topic list every week, and more than once.

From the day of the show's broadcast, "insiders" revealed on Weibo that Li Mu also participated in the recording of the show as a guest. However, netizens basically didn't buy it and thought it was complete nonsense, because they didn't think that Li Mu, who was about to become the richest man in the world, would have the time to record a variety show.

However, such voices have never stopped until the official Weibo of Xiangnan Satellite TV released the trailer last week, and it was officially announced that Li Mu would participate in the show.

As a result, Weibo was in an uproar. In the eyes of netizens and people, Li Mu's status was far higher than that of any star in the entertainment circle. Therefore, his participation in the recording of a variety show for the first time naturally attracted the attention of countless people. Even the audience who had not paid attention to this show before began to look forward to this episode.

Li Mu believes that tonight's episode of "Life we Look Forward to" will surely set a new ratings record.

If "Life we Look Forward to" becomes popular, then he can also move the model of "Running Man".

In contrast, "Running Man" is much more topical than a farming variety show like "Life we Look Forward to" because of its fierce confrontation. If it can be broadcasted on satellite TV, I'm afraid it will slaughter the list of hot topics.

… …

In the afternoon, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu did special physiological exercises in the bedroom to relieve the pain of lovesickness in each other's hearts.

While he was enjoying it, the British royal family was still actively preparing.

The entire Windsor family was looking forward to William coming to China as soon as possible and visiting Hua Xia in a private capacity to visit Makino Technology and 3321, which could also be regarded as preparation for 3321's landing in Britain in advance.

Because it was a private meeting, William's itinerary plan was not disclosed to any outside media, nor was it informed to the diplomatic departments of the two countries.

Both Li Mu and the Windsor family were more inclined to such a low-key meeting. They did not want to make a big fuss. The more low-key and pragmatic they appeared, the more favorable it would be to the public.

At that time, as long as more media resources were mobilized and low-key actions were publicized in a high-profile way, it would be able to achieve a good public opinion effect.

The entire Windsor family was very concerned about William's private visit to Hua Xia. They began to divide their work and prepare for William's visit to China at different levels.

Someone specially invited experts who studied the East to introduce Huaxia's culture and customs to William.

Someone also invited experts in history to popularize Hua Xia to William, especially some important history of Yan Jing, such as the history of the Forbidden City, the history of the Great Wall, and so on.

A top tailor who specialized in serving the royal family was rushing to customize a new and appropriate suit for William, and make more appropriate adjustments to his previous suit.

There was also a fashion stylist who prepared William's clothes in advance, such as what to wear for formal occasions, what to wear for dining, how to wear on camera, and how to wear when not on camera.

The elderly queen was not idle either. In order to show the royal family's importance to Li Mu, the queen personally selected a lot of gifts for Li Mu.

In addition to a two-month-old purebred male corgi that she had personally selected, the queen also prepared some very heavy gifts for Li Mu. She selected a few more representative collections from the royal family's own collection of Hua Xia cultural relics and prepared to let William bring them to Hua Xia and give them to Li Mu.

These two days, the veterinarian at Windsor Castle was doing a comprehensive examination of the corgi that was about to be sent to Hua Xia. In order to prevent problems, the veterinarian had separated it from other corgis.

In the days before the corgi set off for Hua Xia, the kennel was arranged in William's room.

This was also deliberately done by the royal family members. They felt that William needed to have in-depth communication with Li Mu in all aspects, so he needed to build a good relationship with the corgi in advance, so that in case the puppy had any problems in Hua Xia, William could help solve it.

As a result, the corgi received the best treatment. It not only lived with the prince every day, but even the food it ate was repeatedly considered and confirmed. Its life was much more comfortable than that of its other siblings.

More interestingly, in order to cultivate a relationship with it, William personally took the dog out for a walk every morning for the past two days.

It was already three o 'clock in the afternoon in Yan Jing, and it was just eight o' clock in the morning in London.

William, who lived in Windsor Castle, had already gotten up early. He put a leash on the corgi that lived in the same room as him, and then took it to the lawn outside the castle.

Ten minutes later, his father, Charles, walked quickly towards him and said, "William, your itinerary has been confirmed. You will leave during the day after tomorrow, and it will not be dark when you fly to Yan Jing."

"Okay." William nodded and said to Charles, "Dad, as long as you arrange it."

Charles smiled slightly and said to William, "Oh yes, William, tomorrow night, Li Mu's Manchester City Football Club will challenge Blackburn Rovers in an away game. We hope you can make time to go to Blackburn Rovers to watch the game and reveal to the media that you are a fan of the Manchester City team."

William agreed without hesitation and said, "Since Father has arranged it, then I will do it according to your arrangements."

Charles added, "I speculate that the reason why Li Mu bought the Manchester City Football Club should be to use it to provide a channel for Hua Xia players to improve, so he should attach great importance to the Hua Xia players in the team, so I think you should make time to go to Manchester today."

"Go to Manchester?" William asked in surprise, "Isn't Manchester against Blackburn Rovers in tomorrow's game?

Then what's the point of me going to Manchester today? "

Charles said seriously, "You can go and visit the Manchester City Football Club players today, especially the two Hua Xia players, and Cristiano Ronaldo, whom Li Mu just went through a lot of trouble to poach. You have to pay attention to these three people. Talk to them more and give them more encouragement. This is also an opportunity to express goodwill to Li Mu and let him feel that we are also sparing no effort in supporting him."

William nodded and said, "Then I will get someone to arrange a car later, and we will leave directly."

Charles agreed and said, "Manchester is still a few hours' drive from London. You should go back and pack up and get ready to leave. The earlier the better."