Chapter 1389

Li Mu held Wei Lan's hand as they wandered around the Sima Terrace for more than half a day. After the two carefully studied the surrounding terrain and scenery, coupled with Li Mu's bold and imaginative ability, Wei Lan increasingly felt that this place was really a treasure land with good Fengshui.

If the Great Wall of Simatai and the entire valley below were included, according to Li Mu's plan to build a large man-made ancient city, it would definitely be magnificent and have a bright future.

Li Mu asked Wang Yuanlang to bring a card camera with him. Although the resolution wasn't very high, it could still take pictures of the scenery and terrain. When he took the pictures back, when he talked about the project with Chen Ze and Song Liang, they would be able to see more directly.

On the way back, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "If we go to the Miyun County government with the plan for the variety show and the plan for Gubeishui Town and tie the two projects together, then both projects will receive strong support from the Miyun County government. I even think that the Miyun County government will provide all the help they can to facilitate the implementation of our project."

Wei Lan smiled. "You're that confident?

You have to be mentally prepared. These officials may not understand your shocking way of playing. Besides, any government will be worried that there will be problems in the middle of a project worth billions in one go. If a huge unfinished project is left, it will hurt their future too much. "

Li Mu smiled. "Have you thought about the current situation of Miyun?"

Wei Lan asked him, "In what way?"

Li Mu said, "In all aspects. First of all, Miyun is still a county-level administrative division. I think it will take at least ten years to remove the county and build a district. However, Huairou, which is closer to the city, completed the removal of the county and building a district the year before last. For a large city like Yan Jing, what does it mean for the surrounding county-level units to be removed from the county and build a district? It means that it will be truly integrated into the modern development of Yan Jing. It's like a militia company being integrated into the regular army, which means that it will receive the equipment, resources, and treatment of the regular army. Miyun is still at the stage of a militia company. It seems that it is still far away from being integrated into the regular army."

Wei Lan nodded and said in agreement, "This analogy is quite vivid. Huairou's development is much faster than Miyun's."

At present, Miyun was still a county-level unit rather than a district. While Yan Jing City was still undergoing rapid development, the surrounding county-level units did not have good opportunities for development, and the economic development growth was relatively slow. The Miyun County government had also spared no effort to attract investment, but after all, it was far away from Yan Jing City, and most of the areas were mountainous, so the effect of attracting investment was much worse than that of Huairou and Chuanping.

Li Mu said, "Other than lagging behind Huairou in terms of administrative division, Huairou also has a huge impact on Miyun's economic development."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "I guess the Miyun County government has always wanted to develop Miyun's tourism resources, but the awkward part is Huairou. Huairou's economic development is much faster than Miyun's because it is close to the city, has convenient transportation, and has fewer mountainous areas. In 2001, the county was removed and the district was established. Not only did it get a lot of industrial investment resources, but it also took over Miyun's tourism resources.

Most of the tourists in the scenic spots around Yan Jing City came from Yan Jing City. In other words, if you wanted to go to Miyun, you had to pass through Huairou, and the scenery in Huairou was not worse than Miyun. Miyun had the Great Wall of Simatai, while Huairou had the Great Wall of Mutianyu, and the latter was much more famous than the former. Miyun had the Miyun Reservoir, Huairou had the Yanqi Lake, Miyun had the Black Dragon Pond, Huairou had the Azure Dragon Gorge, and Hongluo Temple. Tourists who set off from Yan Jing City could obviously go to Huairou in a mere seven to eighty kilometers, so why would they have to travel dozens of kilometers to Miyun?

The latter definitely had no advantage over the former at all.

With Huairou sandwiched between the urban area and Miyun, it was like a hydropower station on a river, cutting off the downstream water resources. Although it was impossible for the hydropower station to stop all the upstream water, it would at least try its best to stop it. If it really couldn't stop it, it would leak downstream. This also meant that the tourist resources that the downstream could get were pitifully small. Compared with the hydropower station, it was much worse!

It was precisely because Huairou cut off the tourism resources in the middle that although Miyun's tourism resources were abundant, it had never really been developed. Huairou's geographical advantage, while developing itself, was also a very direct blow to Miyun! "

Wei Lan nodded thoughtfully and said in agreement, "I think your analysis is very reasonable. Although I haven't investigated the tourism development of the two areas, from what you said, I can be sure that the tourism development of Miyun must have been greatly affected by Huairou."

Li Mu smiled and said, "So Miyun must really need to make a breakthrough in this point. What it has, it has Huairou. What should we do now?

We have to come up with something that Huairou doesn't have, and it has to be attractive enough so that the tourist resources in the urban area would be willing to skip Huairou and gather in Miyun, which is further away.

And our man-made ancient city project is the tourism project that fits these requirements the best. If we build this ancient city, let alone Huairou, all the scenic spots around Beijing won't be able to compete, so this project will definitely give the local government a huge surprise, perfectly meeting their needs. As for the risk of the project being unfinished, the possibility is zero. Although Wanying Real Estate is still a newcomer in the real estate industry, I am a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate, and this is open to the public. When the time comes, I will personally put up the title of the chief designer of the project. Who would worry about the project being aborted midway?

The bank will definitely be 100% confident in this project. It's only a few billion yuan. With the size of my current industry and capital, they don't have to worry at all. "

Wei Lan smiled and asked, "Then when are you going to communicate with the Miyun County government?"

Li Mu said, "I won't go to talk about it. When the time comes, you can go. I'll ask the people of Makino Image to bring the people of Xiangnan Satellite TV and the cooperation agreement between Makino Image and Xiangnan Satellite TV on" Life Longing for "to cooperate with you. You bring the project planner of the ancient city and go talk to them. I believe the process will be very smooth."

After that, Li Mu said, "But when I go back, I have to talk to Old Chen and Brother Liang formally. I still have to ask them for their opinion on this matter, but I believe they will agree."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "They have always listened to you about Wanying's grand strategy."

Li Mu said, "Let's go directly to Wanying. I'll call them and ask them to wait at the company. We can talk face to face."

… …

The photos of the digital camera were projected on the curtain of the conference room through a projector. Although the resolution and color were much worse than the high-definition projectors of later generations, the overall display was passable. Li Mu used a laser pointer to explain the whole terrain to them, as well as the second and third phase of the highway construction plans that have been announced. Then, he explained all his ideas to the two people and other senior executives of Wanying Real Estate.

At first, these people were similar to Wei Lan. At first, it was difficult for them to accept that Li Mu had conceived such a billion-yuan tourism real estate project out of thin air. The investment was large, the construction period was long, and the payback cycle was even longer. It seemed that there was nothing to talk about.

But with Li Mu's continuous in-depth analysis, they gradually understood where the land came from, where the project funds came from, and where the project profits came from. When these were all explained, everyone was suddenly enlightened.

Chen Ze had a better understanding of officialdom. After he understood, he immediately said to Li Mu, "This set of things will not be rejected by any local government. It's really too attractive. And with you around, there is enough guarantee that the land will land, and there will be no worries. I think this project can be done."

Song Liang touched his nose and said, "The project is very big, and it looks a little scary. But after careful analysis, there are many benefits. Many important links are easier to operate than commercial and residential real estate. At least if we want this land, not only will no one fight with us, but we won't have to spend a single cent."

Li Mu said, "It will also greatly improve the corporate image. The more famous a traditional real estate company is, the lower the social evaluation. The people blame the high housing prices on the developers, thinking that they are the cause of the high housing prices. Commercial real estate is a little better, but residential real estate is especially like this. If Wanying can develop a few large-scale cultural and tourism real estate projects in the country in the future, it will definitely make our corporate image stand out from all the other real estate companies in the country."

"Interesting, interesting."

Chen Ze said happily, "The country has always paid special attention to the tertiary industry for the development of the local economy because it is more environmentally friendly, efficient, and saves energy consumption, especially the tourism industry. Based on recent experience, reliable tourism projects are the fastest and the easiest to get approved, and can also get the highest support and subsidies. It is very popular with local governments. I believe that the artificial ancient city that Li Mu mentioned will be successful."

Li Mu said, "This Secret Cloud Ancient City project is just the beginning of our tourism and cultural industry. If this project is successfully launched and can get high leverage support, we can immediately launch a bigger tourism and cultural project. My next idea is to build a new ancient city in other suitable places in the country, and the other is to build a large-scale film and television base in the suburbs of Beijing, or in the Ji Province near Beijing."

"Film and television base?" Song Liang frowned. "Like Hengdian?"

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Brother Liang, do you know Hengdian?"

Song Liang nodded and said, "I've been there once, and it's not bad. It is now a large-scale film and television production base, with many buildings with different themes. It started early, and many film crews are now shooting there."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right, starting early is the only advantage of Hengdian. Fortunately, they only started a few years ago, so it will be easy to catch up and surpass them."

Chen Ze asked curiously, "Why is starting early the only advantage of Hengdian?"

Li Mu asked him in return, "What other advantages do you think Hengdian has?"

Chen Ze frowned and thought for a moment, then asked, "Popularity?

Or recognition in the industry? "

Li Mu laughed and said, "Sometimes, the popularity and recognition between competitors can be hidden. For example, QQ was very famous in the past, right?

Almost every netizen in the country had one, but what about after YY came out?

You should know the fate of QQ very well. "

Wei Lan said, "Li Zong, you want to build a film and television base bigger than Hengdian, and then replace Hengdian?"