Chapter 1090

He was a little puzzled.

Although he had already guessed that Li Mu might want to recruit him, he did not expect Li Mu to offer two positions that were so different from each other.

Editor-in-chief of YY network's IT channel was a relatively low-end position. It was just a position in charge of a second-level channel of a website.

A comprehensive portal had a large number of second-level channels under it, such as news, finance, sports, entertainment, games, and fashion. These were the more mainstream second-level channels. The IT channel could only be regarded as the bottom of the second-level channels in a large portal.

It was instinctively unacceptable for him to be the editor-in-chief of a second-tier channel under YY. He was now the editor-in-chief of the entire Silicon-Valley-Magazine magazine. Silicon-Valley-Magazine was the most authoritative technology magazine in Silicon Valley. It was much more valuable than an IT channel on YY.

As for the chief consultant of the Strategic Research Office, although he did not know the position and structure of this department, he could feel from Li Mu's words that the position of this department should be relatively important in the entire animal husbandry technology system. The chief consultant should be the manager of the entire department.

So he asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, can you briefly introduce these two positions?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll introduce them together because my plan is that if you accept, you have to accept both positions together."

He nodded and smiled. "Please go ahead."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I won't introduce the chief editor of YY network's IT channel too much. You are a well-known critic in the IT field, so you must have a good understanding of the content. So if you are in charge of the IT channel, I think you should be able to build the IT channel into the number one IT portal in the Internet industry."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "As for the chief consultant of the Strategic Research Office, I still have to introduce this one.

"First of all, all the responsibilities of the Strategic Research Office revolve around the Internet industry, Makino Technology, and the situation of peer companies to conduct in-depth research and analysis, and then analyze and prove our strategic plan. If the direction is right, we will propose improvement methods, and if the direction is wrong, we will correct it in time."

Subconsciously, he asked, "This strategic analysis office is equivalent to a think tank?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right. To put it bluntly, it's a think tank. Makino Technology needs a strong think tank in the future to support the company as a whole, as well as to support the subdivisions and fields of the company. I hope you can accept this position and give your understanding of the Internet to the most professional team to realize. This way, you don't have to realize your ideas yourself. You only need to take out your ideas, and naturally, someone will help you realize them."

After hesitating for a moment, he asked Li Mu, "If I accept this job, do I need to go to Hua Xia?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The company's headquarters is in Hua Xia, and most of the senior management is also in Hua Xia. As the leader of the think tank, you are naturally one of the senior management. Of course, I hope that you can spend more time in Hua Xia, so that everyone can communicate more seamlessly."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "But of course, I won't let you stay in Hua Xia all the time. I think it's enough to spend half of the time in Hua Xia every year. You also don't have to worry about living in Hua Xia. If you have a family, the company will take care of the food, clothing, housing, and transportation for you and your family in Hua Xia."

After thinking for a moment, he said, "My wife is not working for the time being, and we have a two-year-old child. If I accept your invitation, my wife and child will have to follow me to Hua Xia. I don't have any objections, but I still need to ask my wife for her opinion."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Does that mean that you have already accepted it? It depends on whether your family accepts it or not?"

He nodded and said, "Yes, I personally am very happy to accept your invitation. If my wife has no objections, I can go to work soon. If my wife is not willing to go to Hua Xia, it doesn't matter. As long as you allow me to work in the United States most of the time, I can still accept it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "But we haven't even talked about the salary yet, and you're just going to accept my invitation directly?"

He smiled and said, "I personally am very eager to have the opportunity to join Makino Technology, a company that constantly creates miracles. You just happened to give me this opportunity, and I can also play to my strengths and avoid my weaknesses. This is a very rare opportunity for me, so I naturally have no reason to reject it. As for the salary, I am even less worried about it, because I have studied all the decisions you have made since you started your business. I highly admire your generosity to your employees, so I don't need to worry about the salary."

It was worry-free to talk with people who were clear-headed. He would make the most rational judgment in the shortest time possible, and he would be straightforward and straightforward. Even if there were uncertainties, he would make a clear judgment. The only uncertain factor now was his wife, but he did not struggle or hesitate about this matter at all. He made his attitude clear on the spot, which was very in line with the logic of programmers.

First of all, I am a person who does not hesitate to accept it fully. If my wife agrees, then I will accept it officially. If my wife does not agree, then I can accept to work in the United States most of the time. It is up to you to decide whether you still want me.

I have no resistance or hesitation to join Makino Technology. The only variable was whether his wife agreed or not.

After clearly receiving the message that he wanted to express, Li Mu shook hands with him with a smile and said, "If your wife agrees, immediately prepare to resign and go to Hua Xia; if your wife does not agree, immediately prepare to resign and work here."

In Li Mu's view, whether his wife agreed or not, he was determined to have this person, even if this person would work in the United States for the rest of his life.

Li Mu's trust and appreciation made him feel like a gentleman would die for a bosom friend. This time, whether his wife agreed to go to Hua Xia or not, he must join Makino Technology.

…

His home was in a community near Stanford University near Silicon Valley. His wife, Sophia, was three years younger than him and had just celebrated her 32nd birthday.

Sophia was originally a software architect at Oracle. Before they met, both of them were workaholics. Later, after working at a magazine, their overall state became a lot more leisurely. During an interview, he became acquainted with his current wife, Sophia.

Both of them were high-end employees in the Internet industry when they were in love. Three years ago, after Sophia became pregnant, he persuaded her to resign and stay at home to take care of the child. Although Sophia could not bear to give up her job, she still made the decision to be a full-time housewife for the sake of the child.

When he returned home, he first held his two-year-old daughter and walked around the house several times. After making the child happy, he put her on the carpet and said to Sophia, "Dear, I went to see Li Mu today."

"Li Mu?" Sophia had never heard of this. She asked in surprise, "Makino Technology's Li Mu?

How did you meet him? "

"Li Mu asked me to go to Makino Technology to talk to him, so I went. I wanted to tell you, but I wasn't sure why Li Mu wanted to see me, so I thought I would tell you after I met him."

Sophia nodded and hurriedly asked, "Then why did Li Mu want to see you?"

"Li Mu gave me an offer."

"Ah?"

Sophia did not expect that the famous Li Mu would take the initiative to give her husband an offer. She asked in surprise, "What offer did Li Mu give you?

Did he want to poach you to Makino Technology? "

"That's right.

He nodded and introduced the two positions that Li Mu gave him.

Sophia herself was from Oracle, so she was very familiar with the Internet industry. After introducing the positions, she sighed and said, "This strategic research office sounds like it's not a low-level position."

"It should be equivalent to the CEO's office, directly under the CEO's jurisdiction."

Sophia said excitedly, "If that's the case, then this offer is really great!

Haven't you always admired Makino Technology?

It must be a good thing for you to have the opportunity to become a member of this company. "

He smiled and said, "I don't admire Makino Technology, I worship it."

He then said, "The problem now is that if I accept this position, I might have to live and work in Hua Xia for at least half of the year …"

"Hua Xia?!"

Sophia's expression suddenly became disappointed and said, "Hua Xia is really too far away. I'm afraid I'll go crazy if I can't see you for half of the year …"

"What Li Mu means is that if I accept this offer, I can bring you and Katie to Hua Xia. He will help us with food, clothing, housing, and transportation, so that we can settle down and live in Hua Xia."

Sophia hesitated for a moment and asked him, "What kind of benefits will Li Mu give us?

If the annual salary is more than 50% of your current annual salary, we can consider it. After all, I heard that the cost of living in Hua Xia is much lower. This is equivalent to a huge increase in income. "

"I didn't ask Li Mu what my benefits are, but according to her style of doing things, the benefits in all aspects will not be lower than what I am now."

Sophia said, "Actually, compared to the salary, I want to know more about the long-term benefits. We can't live in Hua Xia for the rest of our lives. Katie will definitely start receiving preschool education in three years, and we will definitely have to come back then. What I want to know is, during these three years, will we get shares and options?

If we do, we can do it. At least we can earn more money and get a bigger house in a better community. "

He said awkwardly, "I was too embarrassed to ask Li Mu about the specific benefits. At that time, I was thinking that facing a legend in the industry, even if she doesn't give me money, I'm willing to work for a period of time …"

Sophia knew her husband very well. She smiled helplessly and said, "How about this, you ask Li Mu about the specific benefits first. If he can give us a long-term option, then I'll support you no matter what decision you make!"

…