Chapter 681

In the face of Wang Xinran's question, Wang Shaohua nodded gently and said the answer that Wang Xinran was most looking forward to, "Yes, it's our house. To be exact, it's yours."

When Wang Shaohua and his wife decided to accept the house, Wang Xinran was still preparing for the college entrance examination. In order not to delay her exam, the couple decided to tell her about the house after her college entrance examination. However, the two did not delay. When they decided to buy the house, they had already started to prepare for the renovation. A normal house would take three or four months to decorate, not to mention this duplex was relatively large. The overall renovation work was even greater. Wang Xinran had to report to school in September. As far as their current situation was concerned, it would be after October when the house was finished. If they waited for the smell to dissipate, they would have to wait until at least next year to move in.

Wang Xinran had never thought that her family would be able to afford such a big house. What's more, the house type was the best in the area. More importantly, the location was perfect. She didn't have the time to ask her parents how they did it. After confirming that this was indeed their house, she quickly ran to the spacious balcony and looked up. She saw the university where she would be studying and living for at least four years in the future.

The children in Yan Jing City who went to university in this city basically lived on campus and studied on a day basis. Boys generally lived on campus from Monday to Thursday, while girls lived at home most of the time. The overall study of the Film Academy was much easier than that of other ordinary institutions of higher learning. Especially in the performing arts department, there was no evening study at all. If she lived here in the future, Wang Xinran could walk home after school unhurriedly. The whole process would take no more than ten minutes.

Wang Xinran stood on the balcony and took a deep breath. It was not an exaggeration to describe her mood at the moment. The spacious living room and the enclosed balcony was at least six meters long and more than one meter wide. For her, this feeling was simply great.

After a moment, Wang Xinran suddenly remembered that she had not seen the bedroom yet. She hurriedly asked her parents, "Is the bedroom upstairs?"

Su Yuehua nodded and said with a smile, "Let's go, I'll show you your bedroom."

Wang Xinran couldn't help but ask, "Dad has his own study now, right?"

Su Yuehua smiled and said, "Of course, your dad has wanted a study for almost twenty years. This time, it has finally come true."

Wang Xinran cheered and walked up the stairs.

If this house was placed in 2016, it would be worth at least 20 million yuan. Even ten years later, it would be the best and largest house in this area. Therefore, from the perspective of the current era, this duplex was simply luxurious. Even though it had not been renovated, Wang Xinran still liked it very much. It looked like a rough house, but in her mind, she had already imagined how it would look like after it was renovated.

Wang Xinran was quite excited when she saw her bedroom. Although her bedroom was only a secondary bedroom, the area was larger than her parents' master bedroom in her old house. There was also a very large east-facing window that could directly see the school from here.

Wang Xinran asked her parents, "Can I decorate my room according to my wishes?"

Su Yuehua smiled and said, "It's your own room, so of course it should be decorated according to your own wishes. This bedroom only has water, electricity, and the floor. You can decide what kind of ceiling you want, what color the wall, and even what kind of furniture you want."

Wang Xinran said excitedly, "Then I want to make the room light pink!"

Wang Shaohua said, "As long as you like it, no one cares what color it is."

Wang Xinran cheered, and then remembered the biggest doubt in her heart. She couldn't help but ask her parents, "This house is very expensive, right?"

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "It's very expensive."

"Then how can we afford it?"

Wang Xinran didn't want her parents to bear a huge debt because of buying this house. In that case, she would rather live back in the old house than live here.

Wang Shaohua shrugged his shoulders and said to Wang Xinran, "We didn't spend our money on this house."

"Ah?" Wang Xinran's brain circuit was not enough to process it. If they didn't spend their own money, then whose money was it?

His father wasn't a high-ranking official. No one would give him a house. Even if someone really gave him a house, he wouldn't accept it even if he was beaten to death!

Although Wang Xinran was young, her sense of right and wrong was still very clear.

If you want to talk about how this house came about, Wang Shaohua felt a little embarrassed. First of all, this house was really not his own money. Secondly, it was bought by the Chen family, who had used despicable means to hurt his daughter. Moreover, this house was not bought directly by the Chen family, but by Li Mu who asked for it from the Chen family and then transferred it to him. The relationship was a little messy.

Although Wang Shaohua and his wife decided to accept this house after a struggle in their hearts, if they really talked about it, he himself felt a little embarrassed.

Su Yuehua saw her husband's embarrassment, and she also knew that this house was somewhat contrary to his macho ideas, but she did not have such psychological burden, so she said to Wang Xinran, "This house was given to you by your brother Li Mu."

"Brother Li Mu?

My brother-in-law? "Wang Xinran was even more puzzled.

Su Yuehua couldn't help but reprimand her in a low voice, "What nonsense are you talking about? How can you call him brother-in-law?"

Wang Xinran stuck out her tongue and asked her, "Mom, then tell me, why did brother Li Mu ask for it for me?"

Su Yuehua said, "Do you remember that Chen Yueyue's father was abnormal and kept coming to apologize to us?"

Wang Xinran nodded and said, "I remember. It's because Brother Li Mu reported the two directors of the Film Academy."

Su Yuehua said, "It was the director of the Film Academy who reported it, but Chen Yueyue's father is a businessman. The report had no effect on him. The reason why he came to ask for leniency was that brother Li Mu's friend helped him to stop his factory."

"Ah?"

Wang Xinran was very surprised. She knew Chen Yueyue well. She was used to being arrogant. The reason why she was so arrogant was that her family was rich. It was said that her father opened a very large factory, and it was involved in the field of car manufacturing. At that time, he was the one with the best family background. She never thought that Li Mu had the ability to stop Chen Yueyue's father's factory!

This was really … too domineering!

Su Yuehua said, "This house, brother Li Mu asked Chen Yueyue's father to buy it as an apology to you. A few months ago, Chen Yueyue's father bought this house and transferred it to brother Li Mu's name. Then brother Li Mu gave this house to our family."

Wang Xinran was stunned. She knew that Li Mu had always stood up for her and helped her turn the situation around. But she thought that it was a happy ending because her score had been changed back and she had successfully reached the minimum score for the Film Academy. Chen Yueyue's score had also returned to its original level and she had no chance of entering the Film Academy. The two directors of the Film Academy who made money by breaking the rules had already been arrested and were now waiting to be prosecuted. Logically speaking, the good people didn't suffer any losses, and the bad people were punished. That was enough. But she never thought that Li Mu would actually ask for such an expensive house for her …

Wang Xinran was stunned for a long time and said to herself, "My sister's luck is really good …"

Su Yuehua heard her sigh and said with a smile, "Why do I feel that since your sister has found a boyfriend like Li Mu, all the good luck has been taken by you?

The crew that Li Mu introduced to you is about to start shooting, right? "

Wang Xinran nodded and said, "I was just about to discuss this with you and dad. The director said that it took some time to set up the crew. At the end of the month, we will go to Egret Island to shoot. The whole cycle will take about two months. But fortunately, I don't have that many scenes, so it can be finished in a month."

Su Yuehua said, "Egret Island? That's a good place. But can you go so far alone?"

Wang Xinran said, "Why not? The whole crew will eat and live together. Besides, it's not just me. Big stars like Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan will be there. Besides, they have a good relationship with brother Li Mu."

Su Yuehua said with a smile, "Anyway, your dad and I have to go to work, so we won't have the chance to take care of you. You just have to take care of yourself."

Wang Shaohua said, "You have to pay more attention to this movie. Not many people have such a good opportunity as you. Fortunately, you didn't go to the film academy, but you got the role of the second female lead."

"I know!" Wang Xinran smiled and said, "I have to thank brother Li Mu at dinner tonight!"

At this time, Wang Shaohua's cell phone rang. He looked at the caller ID and went to the next room to answer the phone. Wang Xinran excitedly discussed with her mother how to decorate her room in the future. After a while, Wang Shaohua, who looked a little ugly, called Su Yuehua at the door, "Wife, come here."

Su Yuehua came out and asked him, "What's wrong?"

Wang Shaohua took her two steps forward and said, "Director Ma reported me to the new big boss, saying that I skipped work to renovate the house. The big boss was very angry and asked the secretary to inform me to go back immediately …"

Su Yuehua suddenly exploded when she heard this. "What do you mean?

Didn't you ask Ma Bingliang for leave? "

Wang Shaohua said bitterly, "I did ask for leave, but Ma Bingliang approved it on the surface. He definitely didn't go through the procedures for me behind my back. It's obvious that he wants to trick me."

As he said this, Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "Since Secretary Cao retired, Ma Bingliang has been making things difficult for me. He also said a lot of bad things about me in front of the new boss. This time, he seized the opportunity to mess with me."

Su Yuehua sighed softly, patted his arm and said, "Don't think about it. Go back quickly. If you want to be scolded, just accept it. Don't refute it or take it seriously. Ma Bingliang is now in power. The more you go against him, the more you will suffer."

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "Okay, I know what to do. You stay with your daughter. I'll say goodbye to her and leave first."