Chapter 233

Li Mu instinctively thought that the female driver was looking for trouble with him. His car was parked at the door of the restaurant, and it seemed that it was not difficult for her to find the car and find it.

The female driver of the Porsche was also stunned at the door. She stared at Li Mu, and her expression and movements were in a state of sluggishness.

At this time, Chen Ze said to her with a smile, "Lin Lin, we've been waiting for you. Sit down."

All of a sudden, Li Mu's heart was filled with curses.

It turned out that she was Chen Ze's friend. She also came to this dinner, and she also wanted to invest in Fatty Wang's Club.

That was to say, the two of them drove to the same dinner at the same time, and then prepared to make a U-turn under the same bridge, and then the traffic accident that made Li Mu's balls hurt just now happened.

Lin Lin was also confused at first, but she reacted in an instant. She immediately laughed twice to cover up her astonishment, and said with a little embarrassment and stiffness, "I'm sorry, everyone. I have something to do at home."

Chen Ze smiled and pointed to an empty seat next to Li Mu and said, "Hurry up and sit down. Let me introduce you."

Chen Ze pointed to Li Mu and said with a smile, "This is Li Mu I told you about on the phone."

Lin Lin's expression was a little bit awkward, but she still nodded to Li Mu and said with a fake smile, "Li Mu, right? We are really fated to meet."

Chen Ze asked curiously, "What? Do you know each other?"

"No."

Lin Lin shook her head and looked at Li Mu with a meaningful smile. "He looks very much like my ex-boyfriend. When I saw Li Mu, I suddenly thought of that scum."

Lin Lin's words were sincere, and no one doubted it. Li Mu knew in his heart that she was scolding him indirectly, which made him a little embarrassed. He couldn't reason with her at the scene just now, so he simply avoided her. He didn't expect that she was a friend of his friend.

Seeing that everyone was here, Fatty Wang began to ask everyone to eat and urged the waiter to heat up the dishes. Lin Lin sat next to Li Mu and glanced at Li Mu from time to time. Her expression was a little angry, which made Li Mu feel a little uncomfortable.

No one at the dinner table noticed that Lin Lin had been conveying hostility to Li Mu. After the dishes were served, they did not immediately start to discuss the main topic. Instead, they found some topics that young people were more concerned about and chatted for a while. Nobody knew who first began to talk about the car. Fatty Wang said that his Audi A6 is too old-fashioned. If he drives a club in the future, this kind of car is really not suitable to drive to the club. Is there a suitable car to recommend? "

Chen Ze said with a smile, "A Ferrari. Nothing is more suitable for a club than that, right?"

Fatty Wang scratched his head and said, "The price of a Ferrari is too high and too ostentatious. My old man will definitely not let me buy it. I'm afraid that he will break my legs if I buy it. Is there a slightly more affordable and less ostentatious one?"

Chen Ze said, "A Porsche 911. It has just opened a 4S shop in China. It is said that the 4S shop in Yanjing will open next year."

Fatty Wang said, "I have heard of the 911. It looks good, but I haven't played it before. Is there any friend who drives it?

It's better to borrow it and experience it. "

Chen Ze looked at Lin Lin and smiled. "Lin Lin just came back from Shenzhen. Ask her if she would like to lend it to you."

Lin Lin snorted and glanced at Li Mu. She said to Fatty Wang, "My car broke down. I came here by taxi today."

Speaking of her new Porsche 911, Lin Lin was furious. It was a good car, and she liked it very much. But it crashed after only three days of driving. Now it was towed away by a tow truck. The worst thing was that it couldn't be repaired in Yanjing. At least she had to take a photo and fax it to Shenzhen first. Then the 4S shop there would study the repair plan and send the parts to Yanjing. Conservatively speaking, it would take more than half a month.

Fatty Wang was stunned. "It's only been a few days, and it broke down. What's going on?"

Lin Lin frowned and said, "It's only been three days. There's a problem with the radiator, and it broke down."

Except for Li Mu, the others were all surprised. Fatty Wang asked, "Is the quality of the Porsche so bad?

It broke down in three days. This is a big problem!

Maybe the engine was damaged. "

"Yeah." Lin Lin said with a troubled face, "I'm also depressed."

Fatty Wang sighed. "Forget it. I'll look at other cars. I won't consider this model."

Fatty Wang was thinking about his nightclub plan. He said to everyone, "Since everyone has eaten, I'll tell you some general plans for the club. I mean, we'll directly position the club as a European and American hiphop style. The design and decoration will be done by professional companies. Since we are going to open a large club, of course, all kinds of equipment can't be bad. So the entire dance sound system will be imported from England. As for the name, I want to call it Red Club for the time being. It's called Red Club in Chinese. Isn't there a very famous Red Club in Hong Kong? Let's also get some fame from them."

Chen Ze said, "I don't have any opinion on positioning. But isn't this name a bit old-fashioned?"

Fatty Wang narrowed his eyes. "Old-Fashioned?

How is it old-fashioned?

I think it's quite fashionable. "

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Ding Bang, do you only know the word Red?"

Fatty Wang hurriedly retorted, "Who said that?

I know a lot of words!

There are several colors, but do you think it's appropriate to call it Black?

It's even more inappropriate to call it Yellow, right?

With such an arrogant name, the relevant departments will check it every day. "

Lin Lin said at this time, "Fatty, Red Club is too uncreative. Who would want to take advantage of the name of a club these days?

If you want to take advantage of others, just call it News Broadcast Club. "

Fatty Wang's expression was a little embarrassed. He had thought of such a good name for a few days, but he didn't expect it to be ridiculed by these people as soon as he said it.

Especially Lin Lin's joke about News Broadcast Club, it really made him speechless.

Fatty Wang thought for a moment and said, "How about Royal Club?"

Everyone shook their heads.

"Lan Jue?"

Everyone still shook their heads.

"Grand Hyatt?"

Lin Lin waved her hand, "Forget it, you don't have to say it. No matter how good a club is, I won't go in with this kind of name."

Fatty Wang said, "Lin Lin, you have more knowledge in this area. Just give it a name."

Lin Lin said lightly, "When naming a club, don't think of anything domineering or familiar. It doesn't mean much. There is a key point, and if you grasp it well, it will be fine."

As she said that, Lin Lin paused and said, "First of all, try to use English as much as possible. It's not that I worship foreign things, but a club is something in Western culture. The name is naturally more natural because of the letters."

"Second, the name should be catchy. If you use words, try not to use words that are too difficult, in case many people don't know or can't pronounce it."

Fatty Wang interrupted, "You see, the Red-club I mentioned perfectly matches the two points you mentioned!"

Lin Lin rolled her eyes at him and said, "I haven't said the third point yet!"

Fatty Wang hurriedly said, "Say it."

Lin Lin said, "The third point is that the name must be able to attract young women. It must make young women feel that the name is smooth and classy. It's best if it can be a little feminine."

"Feminine?" Fatty Wang frowned and said, "Rose-Club?"

Lin Lin looked at Chen Ze hopelessly and said, "How about I quit? It's really not the same aesthetic. It's too harmful to communicate."

Fatty Wang's expression was a little embarrassed. Chen Ze laughed and said, "Don't pay attention to him. He's just a bumpkin. You should be happy that he didn't say the name is Red Rose Nightclub."

Lin Lin's words just now were also a bit of a joke, so she shook her head helplessly and said, "What I mean is that the name should be as feminine as possible, with some feminine elements. If women like it, they will naturally like it. If a club wants to do well, the most important points are: a good environment, good music, and many beautiful women. Among them, beautiful women are the most important. After all, the main spending money in nightclubs are those men with excessive hormones."

"That's right!"

Fatty Wang nodded and said with a face of approval, "Lin Lin, I agree with what you said. In addition, I also admit that my ability to give names is really lacking. How about this, you think of a name for our club."

Lin Lin raised her eyebrows and looked at Li Mu with some playfulness. She said, "We are all ignorant and incompetent people. Isn't Li Mu a top student of the National People's Congress? How about you give us a name?"

Li Mu scratched his head and said casually, "How about Babyface?"

Li Mu had been to the famous nightclubs in Yan Jing for so many years. In addition to Mix, Li Mu remembered the names Babyface and Coco-Banana, so he said Babyface casually.

Lin Lin looked at Li Mu in surprise. She was stunned for a long time and said, "This can't work! This can't work!"

Chen Ze's eyes lit up and said, "I think this name is good. Babyface. It's very smooth and easy to understand. It will probably be very popular with women."

Fatty Wang also nodded again and again, "I also think this name is very good!

It perfectly matches the three points that Lin Lin just said! "

Lin Lin said in a panic, "This name can't be used!

Absolutely not! "

"Why?" Fatty Wang frowned and said, "I thought about it. There seems to be no duplicate names on the market."

Lin Lin hesitated again and again, but still said, "I have a childhood friend who also wants to open a nightclub. Some time ago, he came to me and wanted me to give him a name. At that time, I didn't think that you would ask me to invest in the club, so I seriously thought about it for two days, and then …"

Chen Ze coughed twice, "Then you didn't come up with the name Babyface, did you?"