Chapter 565

Liu Yidong's foresight was indeed very accurate. Coupons were indeed one of the core magic weapons of mature e-commerce promotions.

In another eight to ten years, basically every e-commerce platform would play in the field of coupons.

Led by Liu Xiaodong, Jingdong Loves to Play Full Discount. Full 200 would be reduced by 100, full 300 would be reduced by 150, full 399 would be reduced by 200, and so on. There were many such Full Discount events almost every day. However, there was also a lot of exaggeration. Increasing the price before the event was the simplest method. What looked like a 50% discount coupon was sometimes only equivalent to a 20% discount.

Taobao and Tmall, with Boss Ma as the head, liked to play with discount coupons. One year, Taobao held an activity, claiming to give back hundreds of billions to users. In the end, users flocked to grab the coupons, but most of the things they got were: Buying a Maserati with a discount of 3000 yuan, buying a big property in Yanjing with a discount of 2000 yuan, and giving hundreds of millions of Taobao users one of these coupons, and they could announce to the public that they were giving back hundreds of billions to users.

Although coupons were very deceptive, it was undeniable that they were also very attractive to users. Especially at the early stage, when people had not figured out the tricks, the conversion rate of coupons was simply astonishing. Therefore, Li Mu told Liu Yidong about the coupons model just to inspire his thinking. As for how to use it, it was all up to him.

Liu Yidong remembered the words "coupons" that seemed to have some kind of magic to him. He then asked Li Mu with a thirst for knowledge, "Do you have any similar ideas?

Quick, share them with me. "

Li Mu said, "You should first thoroughly study the existing ones. The summer brand day is just a test of the water for online promotions. Don't bring out too many new things all at once."

Liu Yidong nodded and did not continue to ask. Instead, he said, "Don't worry, I have a lot of confidence that I can do a good job on this summer brand day."

Li Mu said, "Whether we can make manufacturers lower their heads, whether we can become the Wal-Mart of the Internet industry, depends on whether we can have a good start on this brand day."

The retail giant Wal-Mart was once the leader of the world's top 500 companies. Its strongest point was its sales channel. It was so strong that all manufacturers and suppliers had to lower their heads in front of it. Not only did they have to rush to enter the market, but they also had to give Wal-Mart a long enough accounting period, provide timely and effective after-sales service to Wal-Mart customers, and participate in promotions according to Wal-Mart's requirements. Any brand had to tuck its tail in front of Wal-Mart. This was the influence of a strong platform. In front of it, all manufacturers and suppliers would involuntarily lower their heads.

In the future, although Tmall and Jingdong would not be comparable to Wal-Mart in terms of scale, their strong position in front of most manufacturers was even much higher than Wal-Mart. Li Mu also hoped that his Taobao website could become the target that manufacturers and suppliers competed for as soon as possible. At that time, he could start to add a B2C mall on the basis of Taobao that had the same nature as Tmall.

After the two finished talking about the brand day, Liu Yidong thought of something and said to Li Mu, "By the way, do you still remember Ma Yun from Hangzhou Ali, Boss Ma?"

Li Mu nodded, "I remember. What's wrong?"

Liu Yidong said, "Recently, he has been contacting Taobao again. He wants to arrange a time to meet you."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why? Last time I replied to them in such a pretentious manner, is his desire to meet me still very strong?"

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "Yes, it's still very strong. He said that as long as you have time, he will fly to Yanjing to meet you."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said to Liu Yidong, "Then reply to him and arrange to meet at the end of the month. I will inform him of the specific time."

Li Mu also wanted to know how Boss Ma felt now that he had established Taobao website in advance. Boss Ma should not give up on B2C and C2C. Otherwise, he would not keep wanting to meet with Li Mu. It was good to talk to him, at least to find out his purpose. In addition, it would be best to find out if Boss Ma had any new ideas that Li Mu did not know about.

…

After leaving Taobao, Li Mu asked Su Yingxue to have dinner together. He gave her the two iPods that he had bought from Hong Kong and gave the other one to Wang Xinran. He also asked Su Yingxue to help him pass it to her.

Perhaps it was because of the relationship between him and Zhao Ziqiu, Li Mu now had less and less interest in Su Yingxue. It was not that Li Mu had lost interest in her. The most important thing was that Li Mu could calm down in front of her. When he was with her, the thoughts in Li Mu's mind became purer and purer. Recently, he rarely looked back on his previous life. Instead, he immersed himself in the extraordinary achievements he had made in this life. Whenever he saw Su Yingxue, ate with Su Yingxue, walked hand in hand with her on the streets of Yan Jing, or strolled on the campus of the National People's Congress, he would involuntarily think of his previous life. When he saw Su Yingxue, ate dinner with her, walked hand in hand with her on the streets of Yan Jing, or strolled on the campus of the National People's Congress, he would involuntarily think of his previous life. Thinking of the waste and regret of his previous life, and then looking at the success and perfection in front of him, he would not be complacent. Instead, he would cherish everything in front of him and work harder to do better in the things in front of him.

Su Yingxue hadn't seen Li Mu for a few days since he came back from Hong Kong, but she knew a lot about Du Wei being supported by Zhang Guorong in Hong Kong. When she thought that Du Wei became popular because she sang the songs written by Li Mu and acted in the micro movies shot by Li Mu, Su Yingxue couldn't help but feel proud of Li Mu. She asked Li Mu, "Are you going to let Du Wei go to Hong Kong to develop her career?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It seems that it's not me who wants her to go to Hong Kong to develop her career, but Zhang Guorong wants her to go to Hong Kong to develop her career. Du Wei hasn't come back yet. These two days, Zhang Guorong took her to meet a lot of outstanding musicians in Hong Kong. She even met Lin Xi. It is said that Lin Xi promised to write songs for her."

Hearing the word "Lin Xi", Su Yingxue, who was full of literary aura, couldn't help but exclaim, "Lin Xi is one of the best songwriters in Hong Kong. If he is willing to write songs for Du Wei, it should be very easy for Du Wei to become popular in Hong Kong. What's more, Zhang Guorong is strongly supporting her."

Li Mu said, "I have also been writing songs for Du Wei these two days. The number of songs she has now is still too few. If she wants to release an album this year, she needs at least five more songs, and they must be new songs, not covers."

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "You wrote songs for Du Wei again?

What kind of songs did you write? "

Li Mu said, "A fast-paced Mandarin song, and a lyrical Cantonese song."

"Cantonese song?" Su Yingxue asked curiously, "Do you know Cantonese?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I have watched so many Hong Kong movies and listened to so many Hong Kong songs since I was a child. At least I know some basics. The Cantonese lyrics I wrote are also very simple. It's not a big problem."

Su Yingxue sighed softly, looked at Li Mu, and said, "Last time you wrote two songs for Du Wei, it seems that I was the first listener. Do you remember?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I remember. At that time, I wrote two songs, 'Hasty Years' and 'In My Voice', and asked you to help me. At first, I was hesitant and didn't know which one to give her. Later, I thought that since I wanted to sign her to Makino Technology, I might as well give her both songs."

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "This time, these two songs, are you willing to let me be the first listener?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, when are you free? I will sing for you."

Su Yingxue suddenly blinked her big eyes and said seriously, "I will be free after dinner."

While they were talking, Li Mu's cell phone rang. Li Mu hurriedly apologized and took out his cell phone to have a look. It was Chen Tong.

Li Mu could not help but frown.

Chen Tong is an influential person on the internet, but to Li Mu, he does not know much about the ways of the world. Li Mu is competing with Sina, and Chen Tong still wants to use his face to settle the dispute. He even asked Liu Xiaodong to mediate between them. This shows how naive he is.

Now, Chen Tong is calling him because of Sina.

Li Mu did not want to pick up the call, but he hesitated for a while and answered. "Hello, Senior Brother Chen."

"Hello, Li Mu." Chen Tong's voice was a little nervous. He asked him hesitantly, "Have you had dinner?"

Li Mu replied. "I am eating now. What's the matter, Senior Brother Chen?"

"Oh. Nothing. I just want to invite you out for dinner."

Li Mu looked at the time, and it was already 7: 30 pm. You are calling me at 7: 30 pm after dinner?

Furthermore, I had said I am eating now. Shouldn't you change your original intention?

It would have been fine if he had come out to eat supper instead of having a meal …

Therefore, Li Mu said in a lukewarm voice, "Senior Fellow Apprentice Chen, I'm having dinner with my girlfriend, so I'm sorry. If you have something to say on the phone, please say it on the phone. If you can't say it clearly, I'll treat you to dinner after I finish my work. Let's go out and talk."

The meaning of Li Mu's words was very clear. Recently, he would not give Chen Tong a chance to meet and talk with him. If Chen Tong wanted to talk with him about the Sina Net, sorry, we could talk about it later.

Chen Tong replied hesitantly. "It's like this. Our CEO wants to meet you, but you don't give him a chance. That's why he asked me to pass you a message. If you are unhappy with Sina's IM software and don't want Sina to compete with YY in the IM industry, we can disband our product development team immediately. As long as you can remove the block on Sina in YY123 and other YY products, Sina will no longer be involved in the IM industry. Do you think you can accept this?"

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue. He wanted to talk about sensitive topics, but he decided not to treat Su Yingxue like an outsider. Just when he was about to speak, Su Yingxue stood up and whispered to Li Mu. "I am going to the washroom first."

After that, Su Yingxue gently pushed open the door of the private room and walked out. Li Mu was stunned for a moment, but he quickly reacted and said to Chen Tong, "Senior Brother Chen, you've misunderstood me. I have no opinion on your instant messaging software."

Although what he said was not what he meant, Li Mu had to say it. He would not admit that he was unhappy with Sina's competition with YY, and that was why he blocked Sina in YY's system. He could accept that he was a Sima Zhao, but he could not admit it himself. If Sina used his words to spread the news, it would be bad for him and Makino Technology.

Chen Tong did not expect Li Mu to lie to him. He could not help but say, "It's fine if you don't believe us. If we disband the IM team, you can remove the block on Sina, and we can disband the UC team tonight. Just one word from you."

Li Mu said, "I'm sorry, Senior Brother Chen. YY123 and other YY products blocked Sina because of technical adjustments. We are not interested in what you are planning or what products you are developing. Please don't misunderstand. When our technical adjustments are completed, these problems should be solved."

Chen Tong panicked. "Li Mu, we are alumni of the National People's Congress. At this time, just give me some face and say something."

Li Mu said, "I'm sorry, Senior Brother Chen. I have a lot of things to do right now. I really don't have the energy to worry about Sina. Besides, there is no need to discuss with me what you want to do. As a colleague in the industry, I only pay attention to what you are doing. I don't want to interfere with anything else … I still have something to do. Let's talk another day."

With that, Li Mu hung up. He really could not understand why Chen Tong would be so blindly loyal to Sina. And the meaning of his last sentence was clear. He wanted to convey a message to Chen Tong. If you want to disband UC, then disband it. Don't talk nonsense with me. I only care about whether you do it or not. I don't care about anything else. If you really disband UC, then I will naturally give you a chance to take a breather. If you can't understand and do it, then I'm sorry, but there is still a long way to go. "

After hanging up, Li Mu did not have time to put his phone back in his pocket. Li Mu's phone rang again. Li Mu looked down and was surprised to see that the name on the phone book was Xu Jianjun. He was the private investigator who helped Li Mu investigate Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei.

Li Mu was very surprised why Xu Jianjun would look for him at this time. Normally, people like him would abide by their professional ethics and would not take the initiative to contact the employer after the cooperation was completed. But why would he call him at night?

Although surprised, Li Mu still picked up the phone and said politely, "Hello, Boss Xu."

Xu Jianjun smiled and said in a familiar voice, "Li Zong, I took the liberty to call you because I heard some news related to you. I just wanted to let you know."

Li Mu asked doubtfully, "News related to me?"

"That's right."

Xu Jianjun did not beat around the bush and said directly, "Recently, someone in the same industry has been investigating you …"