Chapter 530

June 6, 2002. For the domestic e-commerce industry, this was a day that would go down in history.

Taobao's debut that night opened the curtains for more than a billion people to buy online. In addition to the 100,000 Mango-ME units that were sold out in three minutes, the number of orders from other stores that night reached as many as 430,000 orders. Alipay's "You Dare to Pay, I Dare to Pay" completely dispelled the buyer's concerns. The products on the Internet were more diverse and the prices were more advantageous.

The 430,000 orders made the sellers of the various platforms realize the arrival of a new era. Before this, although there was a group of sellers who were active on e-commerce platforms, they had never realized that the e-commerce industry could be really big and strong, and could really make money.

Yi Qu's entry point was very problematic. It completely imitated eBay but lacked localized improvements. After receiving eBay's investment, it went further and further down the path of eBay. Yi Qu's development direction was the real C2C, which was the exchange of goods between ordinary people, especially second-hand goods transactions. However, the Chinese did not have a widespread second-hand culture like the United States. Therefore, the development of this model in China was very limited.

Although there were some sellers who specialized in doing business on Yi Qu later, under the influence of eBay's general direction and their commission system, it was difficult for the sellers to invest a lot of enthusiasm in running their own stores. The development was very limited.

Li Mu was a slow learner. He also only understood how accurate Taobao's entry point was after Taobao's success. Taobao's focus was on using e-commerce to carry the retail industry of more than a billion people in China. Therefore, although the model was C2C, it was actually a micro B2C for small enterprises and merchants. The premise for every Taobao seller to become a professional merchant was to let them realize that this platform could make money, and make a lot of money!

Then, they would have enough motivation and enthusiasm to invest in this industry. Every small merchant was a part of Taobao's giant aircraft carrier.

Li Mu built Taobao a year in advance to directly cut off Ali and Boss Ma's development space in this field. In his previous life, SARS was a huge driving force to promote domestic e-commerce. In this life, Li Mu used Alipay, YY, Yi Ting, and Mango-ME to promote the development of e-commerce. Because Li Mu's efforts were very comprehensive, the current development of e-commerce was not inferior to the environment of SARS in 2003. It was even much better than that time period.

During SARS, the Chinese people passively chose to shop online because of caution and worry. Now, the Chinese people actively chose to shop online because of Taobao's perfect ecosystem and payment process.

Boss Ma began to panic because he saw Li Mu's development intentions. On the one hand, he asked Lu Zhaoxi to immediately prepare a plan to build a C2C platform. On the other hand, he began to plan to go to Beijing to meet Li Mu.

Boss Ma had been in the Internet business for many years and had made deep political connections for himself. Therefore, he knew almost all of Li Mu's details in a very short time. Therefore, he was very clear about the capital relationship between the several companies under Li Mu. He also knew that Taobao was the industry of Li Mu and Liu Yidong. Liu Yidong was a vendor who opened a physical store in Zhongguancun. He did not have a high proportion in the Taobao network. The real brain of the Taobao network was Li Mu.

When Boss Ma said at the meeting that he wanted to go to Beijing to meet Li Mu, a core member couldn't help but ask him, "Boss Ma, Li Mu has so many industries now. Why hasn't the media exposed him?

Almost all of the reports related to him are related to 3321. However, his role in Makino Technology, Yiting, and Taobao has never been exposed. "

Boss Ma said, "Li Mu is very lucky. As early as when he started 3321, he had already been noticed by the senior leaders. The senior leaders are very interested in him and have already indicated that they should not interfere with his development. As long as he wants to keep a low profile, the domestic media will not expose him and push him in front of the public."

The people below exclaimed. No one would have thought that Li Mu would be noticed by the senior leaders at such a young age. This is really an extraordinary political capital. Even if he does not mix in the political arena in the future, it will be of great help to business and entrepreneurship. "

Lu Zhaoxi smacked his lips and said, "To be noticed by the senior leaders at such a young age, this Li Mu's luck is really not ordinary."

Boss Ma said, "Li Mu did not rely on luck. You must not have seen his college entrance exam English essay."

"English essay?

What's so special about it? "The people present were even more puzzled.

Boss Ma sighed and said, "I don't think it's too special. It's nothing more than praising the Beijing Olympics. However, there is a slogan in his essay that is very popular with the senior leaders."

"What slogan?"

Boss Ma said, "One world, one dream."

"One world, one dream?

What's there to like about it? "

Boss Ma said, "You can't understand this sentence structure literally. The 'one' in 'one world' is not a quantifier, and it doesn't mean one or a few worlds. It means the same world, and 'one dream' means the same dream. The two echo each other. You can translate it as' one world, one dream '. In more detail, it means the same world, with the same dream. This dream is the Olympics."

Everyone looked at each other. Four English words had so much deep meaning?

Facing the doubts, Boss Ma said, "Don't forget, I was an English teacher before I started my business. The real meaning of these four words is what I said. Our country's leadership attaches great importance to international outlook and to establishing a positive relationship with the whole world. The inherent meaning of this slogan is to call on the whole world to pursue the Olympic dream together, to abandon prejudice, to seek common ground while reserving differences, and to develop together."

Cai Chongxin said, "Boss Ma is right. This sentence seems very simple, but it echoes each other. It is very consistent with our National Day and the mentality of our country's leadership. It also accurately conveys our national motivation for the Olympics."

Lu Zhaoxi asked again, "Why did the senior leaders pay attention to Li Mu's college entrance examination English composition?"

Boss Ma said, "Li Mu's college entrance examination English composition was first selected after the college entrance examination. Then, it was pushed to the entire English teaching system by the education department. After 3321 was created, the senior leaders were very supportive of this model. From what I heard, the senior leaders highly praised this model." 3321's model is the one that really fundamentally solves the economic problems of poor college students. Not only does it help poor college students to complete their studies, but it also allows these poor college students to pass on their knowledge to those who are about to take the college entrance examination, improving their grasp of knowledge. Most importantly, it invests all the profits generated in the above links to poor high school students, giving them the opportunity to enter university. After they enter university, they can use this platform to be self-reliant and help more people at the same time. This is a complete virtuous cycle, far beyond any kind of charity foundation or organization. "

Everyone present was dumbfounded. If the senior leaders really gave 3321 such a high evaluation, then Li Mu could really do whatever he wanted.

Boss Ma continued, "It was precisely because the higher-ups had made such comments in a private setting that the subordinates were able to cater to their liking. They would often report some of Li Mu's activities to the higher-ups. That was why Li Mu's college entrance examination English essay was included in the internal reference. After the higher-ups saw it, they approved of the essay very much. They personally reviewed it and passed it to the Yanjing Olympic Organizing Committee. In my opinion, the 2008 Olympic Games' slogan might be Li Mu's four words."

There was a burst of exclamations. Boss Ma sighed at this point. "So this opponent is very difficult to deal with. He has such a strong capital and an extremely keen market sense. The key is that he is now far ahead of us. It is too difficult to catch up at this time."

Cai Chongxin asked him, "Then what do you want to do when you meet him in Beijing?"

Boss Ma said, "I want to cooperate with him on Taobao Network. We can import our small businesses on Alibaba into Taobao Network, but Taobao Network will have to give us a portion of their shares. Other than that, we will immediately set up our own logistics system. If we can negotiate with Li Mu, we can integrate our logistics system into Taobao Network in the future. At the same time, we will exchange a portion of Taobao Network's shares."

Cai Chongxin said, "If we want to use Alibaba's resources to invest in Taobao Network, I am afraid Li Mu will not agree. He is in the limelight now, and he has all kinds of resources. I don't think he will be interested in Alibaba."

Boss Ma nodded and said firmly, "Let's talk about it. Everything can be solved by talking about it. When I said that I wanted to do e-commerce, how many of you believed me? How many of you took my words seriously?

After the discussion, didn't you all sit here? "

Everyone present burst into laughter. It was undeniable that Boss Ma's eloquence was very powerful, which was even rare. Many people in the company joked that he was a big liar, because he could really turn a gay into a straight one and black into white. Those who had talked with him or listened to his speeches would be infected by his powerful eloquence and logic. Li Mu was only 20 years old this year. Although his achievements were extraordinary, in front of the shrewd Boss Ma, he might really be willing to cooperate with Ali.

It should be noted that many of the people present could get a six-figure annual salary before 2000, but they were easily persuaded by Boss Ma to quit their jobs and even leave the superior environment abroad. They returned to China, gathered in Hangzhou City, and worked with him with a basic salary of several hundred yuan per month. When it came to social experience, which one of them was not better than Li Mu?

At this time, Boss Ma waved his hand like a general and said with a stern expression, "This time, I will talk to Li Mu face to face. If the discussion does not go well, then we will have to launch our own C2C platform as soon as possible. While converting the merchants on Alibaba's platform, we will also have to work on our own logistics system!"

"Logistics?"

Boss Ma's bold and imaginative thinking made the people present unable to keep up. Didn't he want to do e-commerce?

In the past, he was doing B2B, and now he was doing C2C. Everyone could understand this, but why did he want to build his own logistics system?

Wouldn't this cross over into the real economy?

Moreover, it was the heavy asset project that Boss Ma was most unwilling to touch at the moment!

What was the point of doing this?

Boss Ma said with a determined face, "If we want to compete with Taobao with C2C, we are no match for Taobao in terms of platform or traffic. They have YY behind them, and we can't catch up. Don't forget that Li Mu has Alipay, a powerful payment channel. Now, Alipay has become the security guarantee for online transactions. It is also the biggest reason why Taobao is in an invincible position. We can't beat him in these aspects, so the only thing we can do now is to turn the tables on him!"

At this point, Boss Ma deliberately paused and looked around. He saw that some people had already understood, while others still had doubts. He continued, "Since Taobao has done a very good job of making users from browsing information to paying for purchases, then we can avoid their strengths and do the back end of the process from paying for purchases to successful harvests. As long as we stabilize this point, we will have a chance to turn the tables!"

Lu Zhaoxi clapped his hands excitedly and said, "Logistics is the most important offline part of e-commerce. If Li Mu does well online, then we can work offline. If we have the most efficient and safe logistics system in our hands and embed it in our own platform, we will have a huge and irreversible advantage over Makino Technology. Now, the circulation of goods is becoming more and more national. Although we don't have the traffic and popularity of Taobao, we can also put most of the goods on Taobao on our own platform. We can also attract their sellers. For the same thing, if it takes five days of logistics to buy online on Taobao, but it only takes three days on our platform, then we will win!"

"That's right!"

Boss Ma nodded happily. "Zhaoxi is very accurate. Things can be copied and pasted online, but offline is different. It may only take one or two months for us to copy Taobao, but if Li Mu creates a logistics system from scratch, it will take at least half a year or even longer. At that time, he won't be able to catch up. As long as the logistics can win us half a year's lead, we will have enough time to reverse the consumption habits of Taobao users!

This is the key to our counterattack on Taobao! "

Cai Chongxin also said excitedly, "If that's the case, then we have to start preparing quickly. Whether Li Mu is willing or not, we have to do the logistics well. With enough chips, we can let Li Mu make a choice and see if he chooses to be a friend or an enemy."

Boss Ma nodded and said, "Not only do we have to do the logistics, but we also have to keep it completely secret in the early stage. Zhaoxi is responsible for the C2C platform, and Chongxin, you are responsible for building the logistics system. We need to set up special departments for these two things. Starting next week, we will rent a new office space and work independently. Everyone must do their best to get rid of Taobao.