Chapter 654

Gu Jianghe wanted to discuss a deal with Li Mu, which was to say, make a deal.

This kind of solution was often used in the American legal system. The judge would call the lawyers of the prosecution and the defense, or the plaintiff and the defendant together, and privately discuss a solution that everyone agreed on. In this way, everyone would just go through the motions in court, or even not go to court directly, and the verdict would be based on the previous agreement. This kind of coordination was completely legal, and it was seen as a more efficient solution. It could also save the taxpayers valuable tax, and it was commonly known as a Make-a-deal.

Li Mu didn't want to discuss any conditions or deals with him, at least not before Huang Shuolun was brought to justice. However, Chen Ze was here, so Li Mu had to give him face. Therefore, he asked Lu Changyong to invite the others to the conference room, and he, Chen Ze, and Gu Jianghe discussed the conditions in the interrogation room.

Gu Jianghe's offer to Li Mu was: First, he promised to investigate this case thoroughly, coordinate with the public security organ to carry out a one-stop service of arresting, interrogating, prosecuting, sentencing, and imprisoning Huang Shuolun, and give the deceased, as well as Su Yingxue and Li Mu an explanation. Secondly, Li Mu and his three bodyguards could leave directly, and the public security organ wouldn't pursue their intentional assault, and Huang Jinxiao wouldn't pursue it either. Secondly, as a condition of not pursuing Li Mu's assault, Li Mu couldn't expose this matter and solve it outside the public eye.

Li Mu didn't agree.

Or rather, Li Mu refused without hesitation.

He said, "Director Gu, if I agree to your conditions, and you fulfill your promise, Huang Shuolun will be sentenced to a few years in prison next year, and Huang Jinxiao will find a way to get him out in less than a year. For the crimes he committed, it's too easy for him."

Gu Jianghe said, "I'll come forward to suppress this matter, and everything will go according to the normal procedure, open and transparent. Is that okay?"

Li Mu shook his head and seriously said, "No matter how big the matter is, once the time limit has passed, it will lose its influence. If I don't expose this matter, there won't be any supervision from the public. If Huang Shuolun comes out after a year, I won't be able to get him back in."

Gu Jianghe was anxious. He couldn't help but look at Chen Ze. His expression was clear. This friend of yours is not giving me face. I only have this one request, and he's not going to agree?

Chen Ze felt the meaning in his eyes and looked up at Li Mu. In his heart, he also felt that Li Mu shouldn't have spoken so firmly. He should at least give him a way out. If he really stood on the opposite side, he wouldn't be able to live with it. In his opinion, Li Mu really needed to make a proper concession at this time. If he made a proper concession, not only could he punish the evildoer, he could also gain a favor, and everyone would be happy. Otherwise, even if the matter was solved, he would offend the entire public security system.

While the two of them were deep in thought, Li Mu said, "Director Gu, I think the best solution is for Muye Technology to expose this case, but when it is exposed, I will ask someone to completely erase the whole incident. That is to say, in the end, the news that will be pushed to the public will be that Huang Shuolun ran a red light and caused an accident, killed a female college student, and fled. Then, the public security organ will enforce the law impartially regardless of the Huang family's social status and arrest Huang Shuolun as soon as possible to seek justice for the victim. In this way, the huge pressure of public opinion will make Huang Shuolun unable to turn back, and the Huang family will be unable to mediate. This is what I want. Not only will the reputation and image of the public security organ not be affected, but it will also have a lot of positive benefits. For you, it is also a good thing to kill two birds with one stone."

Chen Ze's eyes lit up when he heard this. He was very pleased that after Li Mu calmed down, his intelligence began to occupy the high ground again. This was the first time that Li Mu had used the word "you" to address Gu Jianghe. It seemed that Li Mu's condition was full of sincerity. So he immediately blurted out, "Uncle Gu, I think Li Mu's idea is good. Everyone can get what they want, and even have unexpected gains. Everyone is happy."

Gu Jianghe also agreed with Chen Ze's words in his heart. At present, if he wanted to solve this problem, whether he used his own method or Li Mu's method, Huang Shuolun couldn't escape. The result was the same, so he might as well make good use of this opportunity to establish the public security organ's law enforcement concept that everyone was equal before the law. Not to mention other things, if Huang Shuolun's evil deeds were exposed, the Municipal Public Security Bureau would definitely receive praise from the people, which would be very helpful to their image and reputation.

As for Huang Jinxiao, he certainly didn't dare to act rashly at this time. With his family background, Li Mu and Chen Ze could completely suppress him. Besides, if this matter was done according to Li Mu's idea, he could also escape. Otherwise, if his deeds were exposed, he would become a street rat in the future.

It wasn't that the rich businessmen and officials weren't afraid of the media, but they had to see who was standing on the other side of the media. Behind the major matters exposed by the media, there would always be a deep game that ordinary people couldn't see. If he pushed forward according to Li Mu's suggestion, it wouldn't be the worst for Huang Jinxiao, but the result was that he only lost to his son, not himself.

Therefore, Gu Jianghe nodded, and his eyebrows were completely relaxed. He said to Li Mu, "Then it's settled."

…

The entire branch office almost turned out in full force for this case. Such a big move immediately reached the ears of the Huang family through special channels. Huang Jinxiao, who was lying on the hospital bed, was stunned by the news that came from all sides!

Now, the police were arresting his son in all of Yanjing, and all his relationships in the police system were cutting ties with him. The police system was almost on the opposite side of him. This situation was really not good for him!

He never dreamed that the young man who hit him was the owner of the all-powerful Makino Technology in the Internet industry. He himself had unparalleled publicity channels, and he was also the most famous and most respected educational philanthropist in all of Hua Xia. His influence among the people was so strong that it was unimaginable. This time, he didn't raise a steel plate, but the steel plate was going to smash him to death!

Huang Jinxiao suddenly became extremely nervous. On one hand, he was worried that his son would be arrested, because if he was really brought to justice, his son would be sentenced to at least seven years in prison for what he did. If the judge counted his son's injury to Su Yingxue when he escaped, and his act of finding someone to take the blame after he escaped, then the sentence would start at least ten years.

On the other hand, he was worried that after the incident was exposed, he would become the target of public criticism. Once Li Mu went all out and revealed everything, the police system would definitely investigate everything, and then deal with the relevant people seriously to ensure that he wouldn't become the target of public criticism. In that case, all the pressure and the spearhead of the entire society would be focused on him. For a real estate developer who often had to deal with the government, if he had a huge stain on him, the government personnel would avoid him. At that time, the impact on him would really affect the whole body …

The worst thing was that when faced with an opponent like Li Mu who had a strong public opinion attribute, Huang Jinxiao couldn't think of any effective solutions. The current situation was so awkward that even if he killed Li Mu, it wouldn't be of any use. Instead, he would be sending himself to a dead end …

Just when Huang Jinxiao was at his wits' end, Huang Jinli said, "Brother, why don't I go talk to that Li Mu?"

Huang Jinxiao asked her, "How do you want to talk to him?"

Huang Jinli said without hesitation, "Admit defeat, give up resisting, and grovel to him. As long as he agrees to let the Huang family go, let him name any conditions he wants."

Huang Jinqiang instantly exploded when he heard this. "What?

My dear sister, you want to grovel to him and beg for his forgiveness?!

Let him name any conditions he wants?!

Look at our brother, he's in this state because of Li Mu. He hasn't even gotten back at him for this debt yet! "

Huang Jinli asked him in return, "You want to get back at him?

Sure, the police are already on their way to arrest Shuo Lun. Can you let Shuo Lun escape now?

If Shuo Lun escapes, the entire Huang family will be implicated by him. He committed a criminal case. Even if you send him overseas now, he won't be able to come back for the rest of his life unless he turns himself in. "

Huang Jinqiang said resentfully, "But I can't pretend to be his grandson …"

Huang Jinli ignored him and looked at her brother, Huang Jinxiao, and said, "Brother, we have to be prepared. Call Shuo Lun now. No matter where he is, immediately get someone to drive him to somewhere near the Western District Branch. Don't let the police catch him. I'll go to the Western District Branch right now and talk to that Li Mu face to face. If we come to an agreement, we'll compensate him and apologize to him. Once this matter is settled, Shuo Lun will be safe."

Huang Jinxiao asked, "What if we don't come to an agreement?"

"If we don't come to an agreement …" Huang Jinli hesitated for a moment and raised her head to look at her brother. Her eyes were filled with sorrow, but she said firmly, "Brother, you have to be mentally prepared. If we don't come to an agreement, I'll call Shuo Lun and accompany him to turn himself in. First, we'll fight for a chance to turn ourselves in. Then, when the parents of the victim arrive, no matter how much money I have to spend, I'll buy a letter of understanding from them. With a chance to turn himself in and a letter of understanding, Shuo Lun's situation will have some leeway. Tomorrow, I'll get someone to write a certificate of mental illness. I'll say that Shuo Lun's mother's family has a hereditary history of mental illness. Then, I'll forge a few medical records of Shuo Lun's illness.

When the time comes, I'll get someone to write a certificate of mental illness. I'll say that Shuo Lun's mother's family has a hereditary history of mental illness. Then, I'll forge a few medical records of Shuo Lun's illness. When the time comes, I'll get someone to write a certificate of mental illness. I'll say that Shuo Lun's mother's family has a hereditary history of mental illness. Then, I'll forge a few medical records of Shuo Lun's illness.

It won't take long for him to regain his freedom. Huang Jinxiao raised her head to look at Wu You and asked, "Xiao Wu, from a legal point of view, how confident are Jinli's methods?"

Wu You hurriedly said, "The points that CEO Li mentioned just now are very practical. If Shuo Lun doesn't get caught by the police and turns himself in, there will definitely be a chance that he will turn himself in. A letter of understanding from the family will be very useful in getting a lighter sentence. As long as the family accepts the path of compensation, it'll only be a matter of money. As for the mental illness history, we'll have to find a trustworthy hospital to forge it. If it's done well, there won't be any problems."