Chapter 839

The high-quality yellow wine was relatively soft. Li Mu and Zhao Xianliang drank for a long time, but they were only a little tipsy. Because they gradually found a common topic, they had a pleasant chat.

In the middle, the manager of Hangxuan Restaurant personally came in and served a dish. He said to Zhao Xianliang with great respect, "Mr. Zhao, this is a new dish of our restaurant, the Ginger and Vinegar Duck. It was developed by a new Cantonese chef and our Hangzhou chef. The taste is very good. You and Mrs. Zhao are old customers of our restaurant, so I specially asked the chef to make one for you to try."

Zhao Xianliang smiled slightly, nodded and said, "Manager Sun, thank you."

The manager said with a smile, "Mr. Zhao, you don't need to be so polite with me."

As he spoke, the manager bent down and covered his hand with his hand. He whispered in Zhao Xianliang's ear, "Mr. Ma of Alibaba Bar happened to be entertaining guests in our restaurant. I said that you were also here, so he wanted me to ask if it was convenient for you. If it's convenient, he would like to visit you."

As soon as Zhao Xianliang heard that it was Mr. Ma of Alibaba Bar, he knew that it was Boss Ma. However, Boss Ma was not on the same level as him. They had only met at a forum organized by the government. Boss Ma had always been very polite and respectful to him. In addition, he was also somewhat famous in Hangzhou, so Zhao Xianliang had a good impression of him.

Although the manager took the initiative to say that he was being too talkative, Zhao Xianliang also knew that on such an occasion, if there was a person of high status here, and a person of high status came over, and the two happened to know each other, the manager would definitely inform him. Zhao Xianliang was not disgusted by this, so he nodded and said to him, "Tell him that I'm entertaining guests here, so I won't go over to greet him. If he is free, he can come over and have a drink and chat."

The manager hurriedly nodded and said, "Okay, I'll inform Boss Ma later. You eat first, I won't disturb you and the others."

After the manager finished speaking, he straightened up, said some polite words, and left. Just now, his conversation with Zhao Xianliang was very secretive. Li Mu did not know what he talked about with Zhao Xianliang. However, Zhao Xianliang's words just now were not so taboo. Listening to the content of his words, it seemed that an acquaintance was also here and would come to visit later.

In Hangzhou City, except for Zhao Ziqiu's family, Li Mu almost didn't know anyone, so he didn't take it seriously.

After about ten minutes, there was a knock on the door. Zhao Xianliang said, "Come in," and the door was pushed open. A voice said with a smile, "Oh, President Zhao, long time no see. I heard that you were here too, so I came to see you!"

Most of Li Mu's body was facing the door. When he heard the voice, he turned his head. When he saw the person clearly, his eyeballs almost fell out.

Damn it, wasn't it Boss Ma?

It was the Boss Ma who always said that the thing he regretted the most was establishing Alibaba, the Boss Ma who said that he was not interested in money!

He had fought with him for a long time, but today was the first time he met him in the real sense!

At this time, Boss Ma also saw Li Mu. When he glanced at him, he was even more surprised than Li Mu!

Boss Ma had been paying attention to Li Mu for a long time. Li Mu's exposure on TV was very high, so even if he hadn't seen Li Mu before, he had a deep impression of Li Mu's appearance. He originally wanted to visit Hangzhou City's famous entrepreneur, Zhao Xianliang, but he didn't expect to see Li Mu when he pushed the door open. This was really too shocking for him.

Li Mu reacted quickly. He was surprised for only half a second, but he immediately covered up his surprised expression. This was because he knew very well in his heart that according to the rhythm and situation in this life, who was he to know?

If he showed that he could recognize his appearance, he would lose!

His current status in the industry was equivalent to that of a big shot in Hollywood in the film and television industry, while Boss Ma was an upper-middle level actor in Hua Xia's film industry. How could the difference be just worlds apart?

Therefore, Li Mu changed to a confused expression. The change was so fast that Boss Ma couldn't see any flaws at all.

When Boss Ma saw Li Mu's expression, which was full of shock, it really hurt his heart.

Although we haven't met before, we have at least fought from a distance. You don't even know what I look like? Aren't you looking down on me too much?

At least search Alibaba on the Internet and search my name. You can see my photo, right?

How much do you look down on me? You don't even want to know this little information?

Zhao Xianliang really didn't know what happened between the two of them. He had indeed been paying attention to Li Mu's movements, but he only paid attention to the new companies or new fields that Li Mu had set up. He had never paid attention to the non-contact war that had happened between him and Boss Ma before. He didn't even know what Alibaba did. He only knew that Boss Ma existed and that he had met him a few times.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang stood up and said to Boss Ma with a smile, "Little Ma, come, come, come. Come and sit. We haven't seen each other for a long time!"

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, Boss Ma is in the same industry as you. He is also in the Internet industry. His company is called Alibaba, right? I don't know if you have heard of it."

"Oh …" Li Mu pretended to be surprised. He looked at Boss Ma and said expressionlessly, "Oh, it turns out to be Boss Ma from Alibaba. Hello."

Li Mu's indifference made Boss Ma feel very uncomfortable, but at this moment, he could only say with a smile, "Li Zong, I've wanted to meet you for a long time, but I didn't have the chance. I didn't expect to see you here. What a coincidence."

Boss Ma was actually very unhappy with Li Mu. First of all, Li Mu was the person who built a house on top of his head, which made him unable to breathe. Second, after he got the resources of the express delivery company, he confidently took the initiative to meet Li Mu, but he didn't expect that Li Mu would be so resolute, which made his self-esteem suffer a huge blow. Third, Boss Ma had been suppressing Li Mu's shackles and making Li Mu face him in the competition and pay the price for his previous contempt. Unexpectedly, after taking the initiative, not only did he not cause any harm to Li Mu, but Li Mu put a big hat on him in front of the TV media for deliberately dragging down the economic development, which made Boss Ma almost crazy.

However, the reality was that even if Boss Ma was unhappy, he didn't dare to be rude to Li Mu at this moment. It was not only because Li Mu was much stronger than him, but more importantly, Zhao Xianliang was here. Looking at the situation at the dining table, there were three members of Zhao Xianliang's family, plus Li Mu. Li Mu was sitting next to Zhao Xianliang's daughter. Maybe Li Mu was the boyfriend of Zhao Xianliang's daughter. If Boss Ma didn't respect him, how could Zhao Xianliang, a powerful person in Hangzhou, let him feel good?

Boss Ma had to be polite to Li Mu, be it by reason or by reality.

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang asked curiously, "Do your companies have business dealings with each other?"

At this time, Li Mu said, "Uncle Zhao, I don't have any business dealings with Boss Ma. It's just that the nature and position of our companies are relatively similar, so we have heard of each other."

At this moment, Boss Ma also nodded and said, "That's right. I have heard of Taobao for a long time!"

Li Mu smiled and said with a hint of sarcasm in his tone, "Boss Ma, Alibaba's name is not small either. Moreover, the few express delivery companies that you've taken over have also become very famous recently."

Boss Ma's expression was a little awkward, and he was about to explode with anger.

The three express delivery companies were being punished. The two governments had given severe warnings and imposed fines of hundreds of thousands of yuan. Even the two governments had made the same decision at the same time. They told the three companies that if similar situations occurred again, their industry licenses would be revoked. This punishment and warning were very severe. Although Boss Ma was very angry in his heart, there was nothing he could do. Now that Li Mu mentioned it, it was almost like a slap in the face. It made him feel a burning pain on his face.

At this moment, Li Mu did not really want to be rude to this great person in his previous life. However, considering his vengeful character, Li Mu deliberately wanted him to feel that he had ignored and provoked him in order to affect his rational judgment.

Li Mu knew very well that the more vengeful Boss Ma was, the more eager he was to find an opportunity to defeat him. At the moment, there was a card in his hand that he had not played for a long time. He was waiting for a suitable opportunity, which proved that Boss Ma was still very rational at the moment.

It just so happened that he had dug a hole for him in the online sales legislation. Not only did he dig a hole, but he also buried a mine. Now, he was waiting for him to jump into it.

However, in his heart, Li Mu also understood that Boss Ma was an out-and-out great person and was undoubtedly a ruthless character.

Such a person would definitely consider the problem relatively comprehensively. When the time came, he would give him the seemingly feasible shortcut of fake goods, but as a rational person, he might not necessarily take it.

How could he make him take this shortcut as much as possible?

The only way was to make him remember his vengeance and use this vengeance to destroy his rationality as much as possible.

The e-commerce market was too big, and no one could achieve a complete monopoly. Therefore, in Li Mu's view, if Boss Ma was cautious and fully aware of the difference between him and himself, gave up direct competition with him, and turned to find a relatively vertical e-commerce field to avoid his sharpness. Then, he would be able to find a place to survive under the huge shadow of Taobao.

If he really did this, then Li Mu could not do anything to him. He would not even think of killing him. He would definitely be able to lead his company and employees to find a living in the e-commerce industry.

However, if he did not do this, and insisted on going against him, insisting on replacing his position in the e-commerce field, then of course, he would not do anything. Once he stepped on the mine that he had buried, even if he did not die, at least half of his body would be paralyzed!

…

PS: Please pay attention to today's WeChat public account (gzbuge), the new password – reply: "Boss Ma". Interesting content!