Chapter 597

After eating and drinking to their heart's content, two of the six people in the dormitory drank a little too much. One of them was Xue Jianfeng, and the other was Hu Zhengdao.

The reason why Xue Jianfeng drank too much was simple. He felt wronged. He had been cheated on by his ex-girlfriend, yet he had to bear the blame himself. This Qilu man couldn't get over it. Plus, Han Xiaoxiao had triggered his emotions, so he drank a little more during the meal.

Hu Zhengdao didn't want to drink too much at first. He thought that two bottles of beer would be enough. However, he had been trying his best to take care of Wang Yanan and her daughter for a long time. He had been trying his best to earn money to treat her mother's illness. He had also been looking for organ traffickers to buy organs. He had put in all his effort. Today, he finally had the chance to relax. After drinking two bottles of beer, he wanted to get drunk. Wang Yanan understood him very well, so she didn't stop him.

Since they were all drinking beer tonight, it wasn't a big deal even if they drank too much. After coming out of the restaurant, Li Yawei suggested that all the guys don't return to the dormitory. Instead, they went to the Golden Beach. After all, the conditions of the dormitory were limited. It would be better to take a bath at the Golden Beach and have a massage. After completely relaxing, they could rest there directly.

The girls didn't stop them. Han Xiaoxiao said that she wanted to accompany Wang Yanan back to the hospital. Zhao Ziqiu and the other two girls were ready to return to the dormitory. Therefore, Li Mu stopped a taxi at the entrance of the restaurant. After seeing Zhao Ziqiu and the other two girls get into the car, he and the other five people in the dormitory took two separate taxis to the Golden Beach Bath Center near the school. The Benz G55 that was a little too flashy was left in the hospital's parking lot.

Li Mu and the other five plunged into the Golden Beach and quickly took off all their clothes. Each of them held a bottle of iced Coke and happily took a bath in the huge pool. The six of them lay down in a row along the round pool. Although two of them were a little dizzy after drinking too much, they were still able to hold their liquor, so they could still hold on.

It had been a long time since Li Mu took a bath in the bathhouse. Although it was summer, the feeling of taking off all his clothes and soaking in the bathhouse was still comfortable from the inside out. Li Mu put a cold towel on his face. At the same time, he couldn't help but wonder when was the last time he took a bath. After thinking about it, it seemed that it was when the weather was cold. He also came here with his brothers in the dormitory. However, after thinking about it carefully, Li Mu suddenly thought of Zhao Ziqiu.

Therefore, the answer that he thought of just now was naturally overturned. The last time he took a bath was when he was with Zhao Ziqiu in her villa. Thinking of this, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a little restless. However, the appearance of Zhao Ziqiu's parents suddenly appeared in his mind. All of a sudden, he felt as if a bucket of cold water had been poured over him. He was extremely embarrassed in his heart.

On the left side of Li Mu was Xue Jianfeng, and on the right side was Li Yawei. While they were taking a bath, Li Yawei suddenly called out, "Second Brother."

Xue Jianfeng, who was also resting with his eyes closed, reacted after a moment. He looked at him with narrowed eyes and asked, "What's wrong?"

Li Yawei smiled and said, "Just now in the hospital, Xiaoxiao was not sensible. I apologize to you on her behalf. Don't lower yourself to her level."

Xue Jianfeng waved his hand and said, "Don't be so polite. We haven't just met each other. I know what kind of person Xiaoxiao is. I won't take it to heart."

Li Yawei said, "I saw that you drank a little too much just now. You don't seem to feel comfortable in your heart. I'm afraid that you're angry with her. Women are always troublesome. I've already told her that it's normal to have sex. It's normal for a man to not love a woman. It's fine if you and Chen Qiao broke up, but she just won't listen. She always thinks that she's the one who should stand up for her sister when there's an opportunity.

She's really worrying about nothing. "Xue Jianfeng said," Alright, I've already said that I won't take it to heart. Don't talk about this with Xiaoxiao in private. "

After saying that, Xue Jianfeng seemed to not want to continue on this topic, so he said to Hu Zhengdao, "Zhengdao, hurry up and soak in the water for a while and give your back a rub. I'll get you a Thai Masai when we go up. I really admire you, kid. There are only two people in our dormitory that I admire. One is Li Mu, and the other is you. You've really put in a lot of effort during this period of time, so you must rest well these few days."

Hu Zhengdao smiled and asked, "Second Brother, what is Thai Mashak?

I'm from the village, so I don't know. "

Xue Jianfeng laughed and said, "Thai Mashak is a Thai massage. But this place is a bit too formal. You just have to make do with it. I'll bring you to a less formal place next time. I guarantee that you'll feel great."

After the bath, the six of them came to the hall in bathrobes. Although this was indeed a formal bathhouse, the masseurs in the men's section weren't all men like what Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao had said. These days, a bathhouse with male masseurs in the men's section would probably go out of business in less than two weeks.

Li Mu took out his phone and put it in his pocket. He lay on the sofa in the hall with the others, enjoying the service of the two masseurs. Halfway through the massage, Li Mu was already a bit dizzy in this extremely comfortable state. At this moment, the phone in Li Mu's pocket vibrated. He took it out and saw that it was a text message from Zhao Ziqiu.

"Are you really going to sleep in the bathhouse tonight?"

Li Mu lied on the sofa and replied lazily, "Yeah, the six of us will sleep here tonight."

Zhao Ziqiu quickly replied, "I wanted to wear the dress you gave me to the hospital today."

Li Mu thought for a moment. Zhao Ziqiu was wearing jeans with a white cartoon T-shirt. He asked her, "Why didn't you wear it?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "You haven't seen what I look like in it. I have to wait for you to see it before I go out."

Li Mu smiled knowingly and said, "Then wear it for me another day."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "Where should I wear it for you?

Yucheng Garden?

I don't want to go … "

Before Li Mu could reply, Zhao Ziqiu sent another message. "Haven't you been asking to buy a house? Where's the house you bought?"

Li Mu said, "I haven't had the time to …"

"Liar!"

Li Mu hurriedly explained, "I really haven't had the time. I've been too busy recently. I can't get away."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Then you don't care about me. Otherwise, how could you have the time?"

Li Mu realized that Zhao Ziqiu was angry, so he replied, "I'm sorry. I'll settle this as soon as possible."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "You don't need to settle it."

Li Mu hurriedly asked her, "Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Because someone has already settled it for you."

Li Mu was surprised. What did she mean by someone had already settled it for me?

This sentence was too ambiguous, so he could only ask, "What do you mean?

I don't understand. "

Zhao Ziqiu didn't explain. Instead, she asked, "Do you want to see me wear that dress tonight?"

Li Mu was even more confused. Thinking about how weird Zhao Ziqiu was, even though he didn't understand, he still replied with a single word, "Yes!"

Zhao Ziqiu immediately replied, "I'll give you half an hour to find an excuse to leave. I'll wait for you at the entrance of Golden Beach in half an hour."

Li Mu suddenly perked up. He subconsciously turned his head to look at his brothers beside him. He found that all five of them had their eyes closed and looked like they were enjoying the massage. Li Mu was a little hesitant. Would it be too unrighteous of him to say that he was leaving now?

At this time, the technician whispered to Li Mu, "Sir, the massage is over. Do you still want to add more time?"

Li Mu lightly shook his head and said, "Let's do it for now."

The two technicians immediately recorded Li Mu's key card number and then got up to leave. The other five people's massage was also over. After the five of them sent the technicians away, they turned over and fell asleep. It seemed like they were tired enough.

Li Mu pursed his lips and thought for a moment. He thought that he might as well not say it. After they fell asleep, he would just leave. Although it was indeed a bit unrighteous of him to do so, Li Mu comforted himself in his heart. Since they were all asleep, it didn't matter if he left or stayed. Since that was the case, he might as well leave first.

After making up his mind, Li Mu waited for more than ten minutes. When the five of them were completely asleep, Li Mu quietly got up and went out to change his clothes. He went to the front desk to settle the bill for the six of them before leaving the spa center.

When he went out, it was already past eleven at night. There were no people at the entrance, so Li Mu immediately saw Zhao Ziqiu's yellow Beetle. Inside the Beetle, Zhao Ziqiu also saw Li Mu. She rolled down the window and waved at him.

Li Mu jogged all the way to the front and was surprised to find that the Beetle didn't look any different, but the license plate seemed to have changed. After sitting in the Beetle, he deliberately looked at the dashboard and found that the Beetle had only driven about two hundred kilometers. He was surprised and asked Zhao Ziqiu, "You changed your car?"

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and smiled. She nodded and said, "Yes, my dad took back the previous one along with the villa. I don't use it anymore."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What about this one?

Did you buy it yourself? "

Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "Didn't my mom accompany me for a few days in Yanjing last time? She secretly bought it for me."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Your mom really loves you."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Of course. You don't know how to dote on me, so my mom even dotes on you."

Li Mu didn't understand and asked why.

Zhao Ziqiu started the car and said, "You'll know when we get there."

Li Mu couldn't help but think of the first time he was tricked into getting into the car by Zhao Ziqiu. It seemed to be no different from now.

…

Soon, Zhao Ziqiu drove the car to a commercial center called Kaide, which was located in the middle of the National People's Congress and Yanjing University. However, her car turned directly next to Kaide Shopping Mall and swiped her card to enter the mall's basement. After entering the basement, the car kept driving in. After swiping another access code in the basement, she looked for a parking space and parked the car.

Li Mu had been to Kaide Shopping Mall several times. In front of the mall was a six-story commercial center, and behind it were several high-rise buildings of about 20 stories. They were residential buildings developed together with Kaide Shopping Mall. When Zhao Ziqiu brought him here, Li Mu, who had already experienced it once, thought of the new beetle that Zhao Ziqiu's mother had bought for her. He couldn't help but ask her, "Did your mom also buy you a house last time she came here?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, my mom bought it for me behind my dad's back."

Li Mu's brain didn't keep up. He subconsciously asked her, "Why did your mom buy you a house secretly?"

Seeing Li Mu's surprised face, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but roll her eyes at him and said, "Why did my mom buy me a house? You're so smart, can't you guess it?"

Li Mu thought carefully and suddenly asked her in surprise, "Really? Did your mom buy you a house for the two of us?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. "What else could it be?"

Li Mu looked surprised and marveled in his heart. He didn't expect Zhao Ziqiu's mother to be so open-minded. In his impression, Western parents who were so open-minded were basically Western parents. Parents born in the 1980s in China were actually a very contradictory group. Almost 100% of them opposed their children's puppy love before college, but when their children went to college, most of them also opposed their children's love in college. However, when their children graduated and started working, they wanted their children to fall in love, get married, have children, and start a family as soon as possible. It seemed that as soon as they relaxed the restrictions, their children would immediately find their other half.

In Li Mu's impression, Zhao Ziqiu's father should be a typical Hua Xia's parent, so he was so disappointed and angry. However, Li Mu didn't expect her mother to be so open-minded.

Seeing Li Mu's particularly rich expression, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help saying, "My mom knew that I would never leave you, so she secretly bought me a house because she didn't want me to be wronged. Don't think that she was encouraging us to do something …"

Li Mu suddenly understood. He nodded and lied, "How could that be? I didn't think about that at all."

Zhao Ziqiu took Li Mu's arm and took him upstairs in the elevator. The house Zhao Ziqiu's mother bought for Zhao Ziqiu was a high-end condominium real estate. The area was not large, with one bedroom and one living room, and the total area was nearly 70 square meters. However, the decoration was very exquisite, and the furniture and appliances were also prepared by the developer. Li Mu couldn't help feeling a little ashamed. He said that he had bought the house until now, but he didn't even buy a fart. If he had bought the property earlier, he wouldn't have needed to worry about Zhao Ziqiu's mother. After Zhao Ziqiu explained to Li Mu, Li Mu also understood her mother's motive. She bought the house purely out of love for Zhao Ziqiu. It was reasonable to say that Zhao Ziqiu had given everything to him, and he should even think about this kind of thing before her mother.

Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu seemed to be a little unhappy, so she asked him carefully, "What's wrong with you?

You don't look happy. Are you angry? "

Li Mu shook his head and reached out to touch her cheek gently. He said with shame, "I feel a little sorry for you. These things are actually what I should have thought of and done. I didn't think about you enough."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled slightly and kissed Li Mu's lips gently. She said, "You should think about me more in the future."

With that, Zhao Ziqiu lowered her eyes and said shyly, "You've showered. Wait for me in the bedroom. I'm going to take a shower and then change into the dress you bought for me."

The black and white combination was a classic Chanel design for many years. Not only could black and white create the strongest contrast, but it could also create the most perfect fusion. When Zhao Ziqiu walked into the bedroom wearing the black and white Chanel dress Li Mu had bought for her, every cell in Li Mu's body seemed to be stirred up by the beauty in front of him. He pulled her into his arms and immediately kissed her lips intensely. A pair of restless big hands explored up and down at the same time. When Li Mu found that Zhao Ziqiu was completely naked, he couldn't help but pat her on the back. He deliberately pretended to be fierce and snorted, "You really are a charming little seductress. Watch how this poor monk subdue demons tonight. I'll make you beg for mercy!"