Chapter 76

As soon as he entered the stadium, Li Mu was shocked by the bustling scene inside. The stadium, which could accommodate up to one or two thousand people, was full at the moment. Most importantly, even the corridors and aisles were full of people.

Li Mu wanted to find Chen Wan first, but Ye Tianming directly took Li Mu to the backstage.

Before going to the backstage, Li Mu told Ye Tianming about the matter of asking Song Liang for help yesterday. He asked his friend for help, so he naturally had to tell him, even after the matter was over.

Ye Tianming heard about it and waved his hand, "You don't have to be polite to Brother Liang. You don't have to feel indebted to him. I will repay the favor you owe him."

Li Mu nodded. He and the four people in the simple plan had already become a community of interests. There was no need to say more polite words.

When they arrived backstage, the bands that had not yet appeared on the stage were preparing at the moment. Basically, they were in a small group of three to five people.

As soon as Ye Tianming pulled Zhang Kexuan in, Zhang Kexuan stood up with a happy face. The other two also hurried to follow.

"Mu Ge, you really came!" The three of them smiled and seemed to be in a good mood.

Li Mu said with a smile, "Please, please don't call me Mu Ge anymore. How are your preparations?"

"It's no big deal."

Zhang Kexuan rubbed his cool hair and said confidently, "Our parents are here today. My aunt and uncle are also here. It's rare for them to think so highly of us. Let's win the championship to make them happy!"

Li Mu nodded, "I finished my work at six o 'clock and rushed here by taxi to support you. If you can't win the championship, I will be sorry for my travel expenses."

Ye Tianming laughed and said, "We know all the bands participating in the semi-final. Their level is average. With the song 'Sunflower', we have absolute confidence to win the first place."

Zhang Kexuan also leaned forward and whispered, "If we win the semi-final, we have to trouble you to promote us on the Internet. We have prepared the publicity fee. I will give you 100,000 yuan first. If it's not enough, you can tell me."

Li Mu nodded. Internet promoters and Internet Water Armies were also charged by stages. A hundred thousand for each stage was not considered a lot. In the future, those promoters who specialized in supporting internet celebrities would charge a lot more than him, but the effect would be much worse than him. He was not supporting internet celebrities, but he was supporting celebrities!

Of course, this also had a lot to do with the good songs he gave them.

Li Mu stayed backstage for a while, thinking about Chen Wan. He said to them, "I won't disturb you here. Let me go to see Sister Wan."

Zhang Kexuan nodded slightly and said with a smile, "She and her parents are sitting in the third row.

"It's okay." Li Mu waved his hand. It didn't matter if there was no place to sit. Let her find him.

After saying goodbye to the backstage, Li Mu went to the last row facing the stage from the side aisle. There was still a place to sit. Then he took out his mobile phone and sent a message to Chen Wan, "Hasn't The Simple Plan started yet?"

"Yes, it's only the sixth band now."

Li Mu, "This band's singing is terrible."

"Yes, it's terrible."

Li Mu smiled secretly. Chen Wan's reflex arc seemed to be a little weak.

"Look at the lead singer's long hair. Isn't it similar to Zhang Kexuan's hairstyle in the past?"

"Yes, it's quite similar."

When Li Mu saw this message, he was stunned. He couldn't figure out whether Chen Wan's reaction speed was too slow or she was deliberately teasing him.

While he was puzzled, another message suddenly came, "Where are you!!!"

A smug smile appeared on Li Mu's face. It seemed that this big girl's reaction speed was indeed half a beat slower!

Li Mu tiptoed and just happened to be able to find Chen Wan in the third row. At this moment, she was looking around. It was indeed not easy to find Li Mu in the dark back row.

"Bad boy, why aren't you replying?

Where are you?! "

Chen Wan, who looked around for a long time, couldn't find Li Mu. She hurriedly sent another message.

"You come to the back."

As soon as the message was sent, Li Mu saw Chen Wan hurriedly stand up. She slowly moved out of her seat to the aisle full of audience members and quickly ran to the back.

Li Mu watched as Chen Wan ran all the way. He silently praised the beautiful scene of her beautiful hair and breasts dancing in the wind. At the same time, he held his phone above his head and kept shaking it. "Sister Wan!"

Chen Wan saw an arm waving above the heads of the crowd in front of her. She immediately followed the waving arm and saw Li Mu, who she had been thinking about day and night.

That's right, she had indeed been thinking about day and night.

Even Chen Wan herself didn't expect that after leaving Haizhou, she would actually think about Li Mu every night and lose sleep. She wanted to see Li Mu, but she didn't have a picture of him. Fortunately, she had two of his songs in her MP3 player, so she listened to them every night to sleep.

Now that she was finally going to see this bad boy, Chen Wan suddenly began to feel nervous. She was nervous that she didn't put on makeup today, and she was also nervous that she was dressed casually. The opportunities to see Li Mu were getting fewer and fewer. She hoped that every time she saw him, she could let him see the best of herself.

Li Mu watched this big girl run toward him, and he couldn't help but feel a different kind of emotion in his heart. When the two of them finally faced each other, not only was Chen Wan nervous, but Li Mu was also nervous.

"Didn't you say you weren't coming?"

Chen Wan panted and wrinkled her nose. She looked a little dissatisfied, but her voice was trembling with excitement.

Li Mu smiled and said, "I missed you."

Chen Wan was stunned as if she had been struck by lightning. When she asked this question, she had imagined that Li Mu might say that he didn't want to miss the performance, or he might say that he didn't want to make her angry. However, he said this directly, so Chen Wan didn't know how to reply.

After saying this, Li Mu also felt that he was a little impulsive. Although Chen Wan was three years older than him, after many interactions, he felt that she was indeed too naive. Perhaps he shouldn't tease her like this.

Seeing that Chen Wan didn't speak for a long time, Li Mu scratched his head and laughed, "Sister Wan, you're really beautiful today. Do you still have to rush back to Shanghai tonight?"

Chen Wan finally let out a sigh of relief. She had been stuck in a quagmire of how to respond to Li Mu. Li Mu suddenly changed the topic, allowing her to finally break free from the quagmire of that topic. However, once she broke free, she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. She thought to herself that if she had suddenly hugged him when she heard that sentence, would things have changed in the future?

After thinking about it, Chen Wan hurriedly tossed that absurd thought to the side. She didn't dare to recklessly take risks. Although she had a lot of thoughts in her heart, looking at the situation rationally, it was best to maintain the status quo.

"Bad boy."

Chen Wan was like a young girl as she shyly pouted and said, "My train is at 12: 30 tonight. It's a slow train, so I won't arrive until five in the morning. What about you?"

"I took a taxi here. After I send you on the train tonight, I'll take a taxi back."

Chen Wan was extremely moved. From what Li Mu said just now, she could at least be sure of one thing. He suddenly came to Jinling to watch the performance not for a simple plan, but for her.

It was easy for women to be moved by the crazy things that men did for them.

"Then I won't let my brother send me tonight," Chen Wan said in a low voice.

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded. "Let them go back and rest early. It just so happens that the taxi driver is still waiting for me in Jinling. When the time comes, I'll ask him to send us to the station and send you on the train. After that, I'll go back to Haizhou."

Chen Wan asked with concern, "Then you'll probably go back after four, right?

Aren't you afraid that Uncle and Auntie will scold you? "

"They went out of town," Li Mu said with a smile. "When you called me in the afternoon, I was sending them off at the train station."

"Where are they going?"

"Wen City."

"What for?"

"Training."

"For how long?"

"Half a month."

"…"

After hearing this, Chen Wan couldn't help but look at Li Mu and remind him, "You can't mess around while Uncle and Auntie are not here."

Li Mu asked with a funny face, "May I ask what is messing around?"

"It's …" Chen Wan wanted to say that bringing a girl home was messing around, but she was too embarrassed to say it out loud, so she said vaguely, "Anyway, it's something that they don't agree with you for the time being. If you do it, it's called messing around."

"Sigh."

Li Mu sighed. "Then it seems that I'm also messing around by taking a taxi from Haizhou to Jinling …"

"This time doesn't count!"

Since Li Mu had arrived, Chen Wan naturally didn't return to her seat. She just stood beside Li Mu.

The seventh band finally ended with five minutes of noisy heavy metal playing and roaring singing. It only scored a pitiful 18 points.

Before the seventh band left the stage, the audience was already extremely excited. The audience in the stadium shouted in unison, "Simple Plan, Simple Plan."

The band on the stage awkwardly left the stage. The host said with a smile, "Since everyone is so looking forward to Simple Plan's appearance, then I won't waste any more time. Let's welcome our last band for tonight, Simple Plan!"

The screams in the stadium were deafening. Even the fans outside the stadium cheered. Although it was a pity that they couldn't enter the stadium, they had been waiting outside to hear Simple Plan sing.

Chen Wan, who was beside Li Mu, excitedly grabbed his arm with both hands and jumped up and down like a child. "It's time to go on stage!"

Under the anticipation of the audience, the four members of Simple Plan finally made their debut!

— —