Chapter 26

The cheers around them were deafening. The citizens who were already prepared on the rooftops immediately lit up fireworks. The crowd on the street was like a rock concert audience, jumping, cheering, and waving the bright red flags in their hands.

The scene quickly entered a state of revelry.

Chen Wan was so excited that she jumped up and down, clapping her hands until they were red.

Li Mu was a little dizzy, but he still opened a can of beer and drank it in one gulp. This was the first time he had a good time drinking since he was reborn, so he felt very good.

Chen Wan didn't know if she was too excited or what, but she suddenly hugged Li Mu's neck from behind. She jumped up in excitement and rode on Li Mu's back, screaming in excitement.

With such a delicate beauty on his back, Li Mu could even feel the softness and pressure from her chest. At this time, Zhang Kexuan threw the cigarette butt in his hand to the ground and shouted to the guys beside him, "Damn it, give out beer!"

Li Mu was afraid that Chen Wan would slip off, so he held her long leg with one hand and used the other hand with Zhang Kexuan and the others to take out a can of beer and pass it to the passersby. Then, without raising his head, he took another can.

Chen Wan was excited, but at least she didn't drink. Riding on Li Mu's back, she quickly realized that something was wrong.

Her body was unavoidably pressed against Li Mu's back, and he also used his hand to support the outside of her right thigh. She was wearing a pair of sports shorts today, so Li Mu's hand was touching her smooth and white thigh without any obstruction.

But fortunately, Li Mu didn't have any other intentions, so he just supported her and didn't do anything else.

She felt the warmth of Li Mu's palm on her leg. The weather was hot and stuffy, so his palm was wet. Chen Wan's heart was extremely flustered, like a restless deer running wildly and bumping around …

Fortunately, Li Mu was busy giving out beer, and so were Zhang Kexuan and the others, so no one noticed her.

Chen Wan wanted to quickly jump down, but she felt that since they didn't notice, they would probably forget about it tomorrow. After all, in such a festive occasion, no one would remember. Li Mu probably wouldn't remember either.

Chen Wan gently placed her chin on the back of Li Mu's head and smelled the mousse fragrance coming from the top of his head. Using a voice that only she could hear, she said, "Brat, if only you were three years older, or three years younger than me …"

Li Mu had just pulled out a can of beer and was about to hand it to a passerby when he heard Chen Wan's words. His heart skipped a beat, but a moment later, he hurriedly stuffed the can of beer into the hands of a passerby and deliberately said in a muffled voice, "Let's toast to our successful bid for the Olympics!"

Unexpectedly, the person passing by was actually a police officer.

Li Mu directly stuffed the can of beer into the man's arms. The male police officer was also caught off guard. He was stunned for a moment, but he still took the can of beer and looked around. Seeing that no one was paying attention to him, he opened the can and finished the can of beer in a few gulps.

Police officers were people too, and the police also wanted to celebrate with the whole country …

At this moment, Li Mu wasn't drunk to the point of losing consciousness, but the surrounding environment gave him a rare feeling of indulgence. With the crowd partying and drinking, he didn't remember when Chen Wan got down from his back, nor did he remember how much he drank. He only knew that everyone drank until the latter half of the night, and he had a splitting headache. Chen Wan drove him to a place and helped him to walk. Along the way, they opened door after door, and he was completely immersed in a ball of softness.

…

When Li Mu woke up, the pain in his head made him grimace. Fortunately, it didn't hurt as much after he calmed down.

At this time, he was lying on a huge spring mattress. The mattress was very comfortable, and the surrounding decoration was more like a luxurious bedroom than a hotel.

Li Mu got up and saw that his clothes were still on, so he opened the door and walked out.

As soon as he walked out, the first thing he saw was a long corridor. Li Mu walked to the light at the end of the corridor and found that it was an exquisite wooden staircase. Below it was a huge and luxurious living room.

Walking down the stairs, Li Mu gradually saw the whole picture of the downstairs. Not only was there a living room, but there was also an open kitchen. Everywhere revealed the atmosphere of a mansion.

At this time, in front of the open kitchen bar, a woman with her head down looked up. Seeing Li Mu coming down, her pretty face was slightly red, but there was a bit of excitement. She said, "You're awake!"

It was Chen Wan.

"Sister Wan, where is this?" Li Mu asked.

"My home," Chen Wan said and added, "My home in Jinling, but it's not often occupied."

"Oh …" Li Mu nodded. He already had the idea that Chen Wan was a fair, rich, and beautiful woman, but it seemed that the more he interacted with her, the more he realized that she was almost a fighter among fair, rich, and beautiful women.

Chen Wan walked over with a cup of hot milk and handed it to Li Mu. "Drink it and come over to eat some bread."

Li Mu took the milk obediently. He was thirsty, so he drank it in one gulp. Then he ate a few pieces of bread with butter to fill his stomach.

The cheap electronic watch in his hand showed that it was already 11: 30 in the morning.

After asking, he found out that they had too much fun last night. The crowd didn't disperse until one o 'clock, but Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan were all drunk, so they left early.

Li Mu nodded. "I still have to find Brother Zhang to give him the beer money from yesterday."

"It's not much."

Chen Wan waved her hand. "Don't look for him today. If he sees you, do you think you can easily get away?"

"You're right."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Sister, come with me to buy a laptop, and then we'll go to Haizhou."

"Okay."

Chen Wan agreed without hesitation. Thinking of how Li Mu gave the authorship of the song "Li Bai" to her cousin's band yesterday, she couldn't help but feel a little regretful. "It feels like you're losing out by selling that song to them just like that."

"It's okay."

Li Mu said lightly, "If I really want to write songs, there will be many better works in the future."

Chen Wan was dumbfounded and murmured, "Little Mu, you're really amazing …"

…

Even the largest electronic mall in Jinling didn't have anything really good these days.

Most of the laptops were popular models around ten thousand yuan, and their performance was too poor. And IBM's latest generation classic T23 was not available in Jinling. Not only in Jinling, but also in China. At least it would be early next year.

The T20 that came on the market last year still cost nearly twenty thousand yuan.

If a worker wanted to do a good job, he must first sharpen his tools. It was really inconvenient to go to the Internet cafe all the time, so he just gritted his teeth and bought it.

After buying the laptop, Li Mu finally had his first computer after his rebirth. Then he bought a cat, which was what people called a modem in this era.

In 2001, there was no private broadband service in Haizhou, so it was impossible to install an Internet connection at home. The only thing that could be done was to directly use a telephone line to dial, but the Internet speed was extremely slow and expensive. It seemed that the Internet fee alone cost several yuan per hour, but it was better than nothing. Li Mu still had sixty thousand yuan left after buying the computer, so the Internet fee seemed insignificant.

After buying the computer, the two finally started to drive back to Haizhou. This time, Li Mu didn't drive. He was still drunk, so he should still be in the drunken stage.

Fortunately, after Chen Wan saw the way Li Mu drove, she became more relaxed. Therefore, it took them more than three hours to rush back to Haizhou, which was acceptable to Li Mu.

Chen Wan sent Li Mu to the entrance of the neighborhood. Just as Li Mu was about to leave after saying goodbye to her, Chen Wan hurriedly said, "Brat, don't be in such a hurry."

"What's wrong?" Li Mu turned to look at her, his face full of curiosity.

Chen Wan said, "After buying the computer, give me your QQ number. Also, aren't you going to buy a phone?

That way, it will be more convenient for me to find you. "

"I'll buy it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I have to first think about how to explain this money to my parents, or I'll scare them."

Chen Wan was very puzzled. "Tell them the truth!"

Li Mu frowned slightly, but after thinking about it, it made sense. If he told his parents now that he wrote a software and made a lot of money, they would definitely think, "When did this brat become so proficient in computers?"

Not to mention a computer, his family didn't even buy a Little Tyrant learning machine. This was not very reasonable.

But if he told his parents that he wrote a song and sold it to someone else, although his parents would be surprised, at least he had played the guitar blindly from the second year of middle school until now. Maybe they would accept it a little more.

Therefore, Li Mu was happy. "Right, then I'll tell them the truth!

My Sister Wan is still the smartest! "

"Little guy."

Chen Wan rolled her eyes at Li Mu. After saying goodbye, she watched Li Mu enter the neighborhood. Her mouth slightly pouted, and her heart was a little sad.