Chapter 1648

When Desire raised the price to US $23 million, Mars was almost in a frenzy.

This terrible price had already made Mars feel a deep hostility. They were well aware of Desire's determination to win at this time. The more this was the case, the more they couldn't give Desire this opportunity. They wanted to defend their position as the leader of the underworld. In any case, they couldn't be challenged by others.

Therefore, the moment Mars was eager to give a new offer, it immediately raised the price by another level.

When Mars offered a price of US $25 million, everyone who was paying attention to the auction was completely dumbfounded.

The higher-ups of Mars felt that 25 million USD was too much for them to pursue. That was because no matter which company it was, if it could survive the fierce competition and become one of the top companies in the industry, it would not be because of blind impulse.

Desire's industrial structure was far less robust than Mars'. Mars had dozens of product lines, covering a variety of pets, children, and adults. Dog food only covered a few of their dozens of product lines. Between multiple different product lines, it was like one bunker after another, forming a powerful crossfire network.

The strength of the crossfire network of the industry was that it was no longer a single individual, but a solid line of defense. If one of these firepower points had a problem, the other firepower points could also help him achieve firepower output, help him resist the enemy, and give him precious time to regroup.

In other words, Mars could take out the entire year's profit from the dog food business to fight against Desire. Mars' other product lines could completely ensure that even if the dog food business did not earn a penny, the group could still live comfortably.

However, Desire did not have such a good fate. He did not have his own entire line of defense. He only had one firepower point, which was the pet food. If this firepower point was destroyed, the rear would be in danger.

Therefore, Mars felt that Desire would not gamble with US $25 million. After all, no one was sure if the US $25 million could be earned back after being invested. They were not sure how much they would lose if they could not earn it back. They were also not sure how long it would take to earn it back if they could earn it back.

A one-time investment of 25 million USD, and there was a huge difference between earning it back in one year and earning it back in two or three years. If they could only earn it back after two years, the company would not be able to wait for two years if the capital chain was broken. If it took longer, the risk factor would be even higher.

In the eyes of Mars, if Desire was still a rational opponent, they would have considered withdrawing from the auction with a price tag of 25 million.

If the desire continued to blindly follow after this point, then it could be said that the desire had entered an irrational state.

If an opponent really entered an irrational state, then he would not be scary.

However, in the eyes of the higher-ups, although 25 million USD was scary, compared to the opportunities behind it, this amount was worth it. In fact, it was worth it even if it was a little more.

Therefore, when Mars thought that they should give up, Desire once again bid for a new price without hesitation.

Twenty-six million dollars.

When the Mars executives saw the new amount that suddenly appeared in the auction backstage, they were so shocked that their jaws almost dropped.

"Has the desire gone mad?" This was the only thought in the minds of the higher-ups of Mars.

The person in charge of Mars said, "Does Desire not know what he is doing?

Twenty-six million USD, do they still have that much cash in their accounts? "

The person in charge of the entire pet business market said, "Desire's net profit last year was less than 10 million USD. Their channel costs are particularly high, and they are still investing a huge amount of money to expand new channels. I'm not sure if they can come up with 26 million USD in their accounts. Even if they can, this amount of money is already all they have."

The person in charge of Mars hesitated for a moment, then nodded gently and said, "In that case, what we can be sure of is that if Desire takes out this 26 million USD, they will not be able to continue expanding through traditional channels. This means that they are pinning all their hopes on Li Mu's dog."

"That's right."

The person in charge of the market said, "Li Mu's influence is indeed great, but the premium of 26 million USD is too high. If we were to get it at this price, most of the funds would actually be used for defensive investments. Desire would be dragging themselves down by getting it at this price.

At this time, the backstage began to prompt: 26 million, going once.

The person in charge of Mars pinched his chin and stared at the number without blinking. He was repeatedly speculating. If Desire were to get this bid at 26 million, would they make a loss or a profit?

If the loss and profit were split equally, how much would they lose?

At this time, the prompt appeared again: 26 million, going twice.

The person in charge of Mars was thinking that the 26 million USD marketing cost would be too much for any single channel. Hence, he felt that the 26 million USD would definitely be a loss. Since that was the case, if he were to bid for it, it would only accelerate their death, which would be beneficial to him.

At this time, the third prompt appeared.

The person in charge of the market could not help but say, "CEO, there is still one last chance to bid."

The person in charge of Mars waved his hand and said, "No more bids. Since Desire is so stubborn, then let them slowly digest this evil deed. I think they will most likely regret it."

As he said that, a prompt popped up from the auction backstage: Congratulations to Desire for obtaining all the rights of this auction at the price of 26 million USD!

Another senior executive said with a smile, "I think when Desire calms down and thinks about it, he will definitely regret this rash decision. At that time, it is very likely that they will give up on paying. At that time, Makino Technology will probably start another auction."

"Haha!"

The person in charge of Mars said with a smile, "If Desire gives up on paying, they will be banned from the next round of bidding. At that time, we will not even have a decent competitor. I estimate that we can get this bid at 8 million USD."

"Desire will have to bear an additional 1 million USD penalty for this. That will be terrible. They will get nothing and throw away a million USD for nothing."

"Hahaha!

I guess Desire is already regretting it now. "

"I guess we can wait for the next round of bidding in peace. If Desire goes back on his word, we will be the biggest winner. If Desire doesn't go back on his word, we will still be the biggest winner when they are dragged down to death by this 26 million USD!"

Since the entire Mars senior executives knew that Desire had stepped on a landmine, they were particularly happy.

At that moment, the senior executives of Desire were in a different situation.

When the system prompted them that the bid was successful, all of them did not even dare to breathe. Although they thought that the deal was worth it, it was still such a huge amount of money after all. When the auction was successful, they began to feel a little worried and scared.

At this time, the person in charge of the marketing department of Muye Science and Technology directly made an international long-distance call to the phone number left when he was eager to participate in the auction. After introducing himself, he asked directly, "Is your company sure about the result of the auction?

If you are sure, please make the payment within 24 hours. Otherwise, our company will unilaterally close the transaction. "

Desire's CEO said, "We are sure, and we will immediately transfer the payment to your company through PayPal!"

Immediately after, Desire's CEO immediately ordered the company's finance department to transfer the payment to Makino Technology. After deducting the 1 million USD that had been paid for the auction, the remaining 25 million USD was transferred to Makino Technology's account through PayPal.

After doing all this, Desire's CEO felt that his entire person had been hollowed out.

Twenty-six million USD was really a gamble of life and death for him. However, he believed in his own judgment. He believed that the resources given by Li Mu were worth it. He also believed that Li Mu would not let him down.

…

On the other side, Li Mu was not surprised when he learned that the final auction price was 26 million USD.

However, when he heard that it was not Mars that won all the resources with 26 million USD, but Desire, he was still a little surprised.

In Li Mu's view, Mars, as an industry giant, should not have given up such a good opportunity in any case. However, Mars had given up on it. It showed that the senior executives of Mars were more conservative than the senior executives of Desire.

Li Mu had always appreciated bold entrepreneurs. Although Desire was only a small company in his eyes, it was enough to deter the industry giant Mars, which showed their boldness and courage in doing things.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, contact the company and ask them to immediately announce the name of Desire and release a full press release. In the press release, except for the full name of Desire, all other companies that participated in the auction should be replaced with a certain company and a title like XXX."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Okay, Li Zong. I will communicate with the company now."

Li Mu said, "Tell them to spare no effort to promote the Desire brand. I want all the companies in the world to know that I will never cheat my partners. No matter how expensive my resources are, I will ensure that my partners will have an experience that is worth the money."

Li Ziwei made a phone call, and all the relevant staff immediately moved. The people in the news department immediately began to release press releases to the outside world, announcing the shocking results of the auction.

The editor responsible for operating Li Gouzi's Weibo also got the promotional material of Desire at the first possible moment. He used Li Gouzi's Weibo to post a tweet, "Thank you, Desire. I finally have a source of dog food for the next year. I believe your taste and quality will not let me down."

This Weibo post also deliberately tagged Desire's official Weibo.

There were netizens from all over the world who were paying close attention to the auction on Weibo. This time, it was a complete uproar …