Chapter 51

Li Mu made a phone call and booked a booth at Haizhou Hotel. The family of three took a taxi to the restaurant to celebrate.

On the way, Li Mu received a text message from Su Yingxue.

"Have you checked your score?"

Li Mu replied, "Yes, 636. You have to treat me to dinner."

A moment later, he received a reply, "Really?

That's great!

Let's do it tomorrow night. Just tell me what you want to eat. "

"I can't tomorrow night. I have a party at home."

"Tomorrow night? Another day then."

"How many points did you get?"

"657 points."

"Congratulations!

Renmin University is a sure thing. "

"Given your major, the National People's Congress will definitely not be a problem."

Li Mu replied with a smile, "Haha, I hope so. If I can get the admission letter, we will be classmates again for the next four years."

Su Yingxue also replied with a smile emoji, "Don't forget to go to the driving school to learn theory tomorrow."

"Okay, see you tomorrow!"

Papa Lee saw Li Mu sitting in the front passenger seat playing with his phone, so he asked curiously, "Brat, who are you texting to?

You look so happy. "

"Really?" After saying this, Li Mu realized that he had been grinning and his cheeks were a little sore.

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other and smiled. They were more open-minded than ordinary parents when it came to their children's love affairs. They would not stifle Li Mu's nature. His parents had even privately said that when Li Mu went to college, the best result would be to find a suitable partner and then get married and have children as soon as he graduated.

For Papa Lee, he followed the advice of the ancients. Start a family first, then start a career. When he graduated from college, he would be 22 years old, just in time to get married.

Li Mu did not explain his infatuated smile when he texted. He sent a message to Zhao Kang. Zhao Kang scored 481. He might not be able to pass the third-tier university, but he was almost there, so it was absolutely no problem for him to go to college.

Li Mu was relieved.

When they arrived at the hotel, the waiter led the family of three to the reserved booth. After ordering the dishes, Li Mu went to the front desk again before the dishes were served and conveniently booked a super large private room for tomorrow night.

Returning to the booth, Li Mu said to his parents, "I've booked a private room. It's right here. Tomorrow evening at six o 'clock, private room 888. Mom, tell my grandparents and my uncle and aunt."

Papa Lee raised his eyebrows. "888. How tacky."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't have a choice. The big private rooms are all like this. Grandpa and Grandma have a few big families, and there are more than a dozen of them. I'm afraid they won't be able to sit in a bigger one."

Papa Lee nodded and did not speak, but a trace of uneasiness flashed across his face.

The waiter served a few cold dishes and a bottle of expensive Maotai wine.

The waiter asked Li Mu if he wanted to open it. Li Mu waved his hand readily, but his father was scared and hurriedly said, "Don't open it, don't open it. How can we drink such expensive wine? Change it to our local Haizhou special wine!"

"That's it." Li Mu said without any room for doubt.

The waiter immediately opened the wine, and Papa Lee felt a pain in his heart.

Li Mu personally poured a glass of wine for his father and said meaningfully, "Dad, today is different from the past. Our family's road is very different from before. The road is blocked, and the way to go is also different."

Papa Lee was stunned for a moment. Seeing his son's resolute eyes, he understood.

His son was cheering him up. He knew that he did not want to face his wife's big family because of his pride and inferiority complex. But his son was right. Today was different from the past. It was not a big deal that his son could make money. The key was that his son had scored 636 points in the test. If nothing went wrong, he would be able to go to Renmin University!

The eldest and youngest of the Xiao Family could look down on him, but they couldn't look down on the future of his family. He, Li Daoping, had been mediocre and honest all his life, so people looked down upon him. But he had a promising son, which was enough for him to stand tall in front of them!

…

Jin 'an Driving School held the accelerated course for the college entrance examination in the first year. Judging from the number of applicants, the effect was quite gratifying.

High school students in 2001 usually did not think of learning to drive. Moreover, most of those who learned to drive were unemployed young men in their twenties. They were very impulsive when they saw young girls, so young girls did not dare to come. Without young girls, it naturally could not attract young men.

However, the idea of the accelerated course for the college entrance examination solved this problem very well. Only fresh graduates could take the course. It isolated the idle people from society and attracted more than a hundred high school graduates in an instant.

At around nine o 'clock in the morning, Li Mu and Zhao Kang went to the driving school together to show their high school diplomas for registration. At the time of registration, Su Yingxue also happened to come. She greeted Li Mu, and then Li Mu introduced Zhao Kang to Su Yingxue.

Although everyone had been divided into classes when they registered, they only found their respective instructors for lessons when they got on the bus. The two-day theory course was a big class with more than a hundred students gathered together.

The driving test in 2001 was not formal or rigorous at all. The process of the test did not have a number of subjects. It was generally divided into four parts: theory test, transfer of inventory, internal test, and external test. Li Mu asked around and found out that no electronic equipment was used for all the tests. Basically, one could pass if they had the basic knowledge.

The three of them found seats and sat down. Not long after, the large classroom was full. Su Yingxue had been in No.1 Middle School for three years and had been named the campus belle for all three years. Among the more than a hundred students, she was indeed unique and eye-catching. After all, boys were more interested in cars. In this large classroom, more than eighty percent of the students were boys.

From time to time, a large group of boys would secretly or boldly look at Su Yingxue from all directions, making her feel somewhat uncomfortable. Li Mu felt so many glances passing by him, so he whispered to Su Yingxue, "Sit closer to me."

Su Yingxue was stunned for a moment. Then she moved closer to Li Mu, almost touching his arm.

Su Yingxue's action made the eyes of the comments start to focus on Li Mu.

Li Mu was not bad looking, and he looked more mature and stylish than his peers. Many people paid attention to him because of Su Yingxue's action, and mistakenly thought that he and Su Yingxue should be a couple.

In this way, many people backed off in the face of difficulties.

"Thank you."

Su Yingxue breathed a sigh of relief. No matter how good her psychological quality was, she did not want to be stared at by so many people with strange looks.

Li Mu moved closer to her and whispered in her ear, "Before you get your driver's license, you can use me as a shield at any time."

Su Yingxue understood what Li Mu meant after a moment, and her face became hot.

At this time, Guo Yuhang came.

For the past two days, Guo Yuhang had been thinking about two people. One was Su Yingxue, who was as beautiful as a fairy, and the other was Li Mu, who made him clench his teeth.

After entering the classroom, Guo Yuhang's shifty eyes searched everywhere. The first thing he saw was Su Yingxue. Immediately, he was shocked again. This woman is too beautiful. If I could have a girl like her, I'd be willing to live ten years less!

Then, he looked at the person next to Su Yingxue. It was Li Mu, who was more handsome, taller, and fairer than him.

Guo Yuhang's eyes were cold. Li Mu, right? I've been thinking about you. Just you wait, the mine is about to lay off your parents, but they haven't gone to work for a few days. You can still show off here. When your parents go to work, they will receive the layoff notice. You'll regret it then. We'll learn to drive in the same driving school in the future. We have a long way to go!

The theory class was dry and boring. There were two hours in the morning and two hours in the afternoon. Since it did not matter whether they came or not, Li Mu advised Su Yingxue and Zhao Kang to go home and read by themselves after the morning class. It was better not to come here and waste time. The theory exam was simple. They could definitely pass by just looking at the question bank. There was no need to waste time here.

Both of them also felt that what Li Mu said made sense. They were just here to watch the video. There was not much meaning in it.

Moreover, Su Yingxue did not like the feeling in the classroom just now.

Li Mu took a taxi and sent Su Yingxue home first. Then, he prepared to go back to the neighborhood with Zhao Kang.

After Su Yingxue left, Zhao Kang asked Li Mu, "I saw Guo Yuhang just now. He looked at you strangely. Is there a conflict between the two of you?"

Li Mu briefly told him what happened on the registration day.

"F * ck."

Zhao Kang said angrily, "That bastard is not a good person. If he dares to make things difficult for you, I'll be the first to deal with him!"

Li Mu waved his hand. "Don't bother with him. It doesn't make much sense. You should hurry up and set up the Douban forum. How's the preparation for the fake reviewers?"

"I've started."

Zhao Kang hurriedly said, "I found a few active people and gave them the posts of moderators and made them administrators. They also helped me recruit more people. Now there are more than a hundred people."

Li Mu nodded. "The fake reviewers are a team that mostly communicates online. So, you have to find a way to capture them. If you want to create a fake reviewers, you have to create a regular army. You can't just poach some people to do things at the last minute."

Zhao Kang said, "I've thought of a rough plan."

Li Mu said, "Let's go find a place to have lunch and have a good chat."

Both of their parents had gone to work. So, they found a small restaurant, cooked two dishes, and chatted while eating.

Zhao Kang introduced his general idea. "I want to give the authority to recruit team members to the team leaders and let them assess their own people. Those who pass the assessment, I will do a general review. After confirming that there are no problems, their accounts will be set as official members. They will post in their respective groups every day and maintain 20 points of activity and an hour of online time. They will get a monthly subsidy of 20 yuan."

There was a membership upgrade system in the Douban forum. Every post would get 10 points of activity, and every reply would get 2 points of activity. Using the forum's activity to restrain the fake reviewers was also a good idea. After all, it could make them gather here every day. On one hand, it could cultivate a sense of teamwork, and on the other hand, it could respond to calls at any time.

As for the subsidy, Li Mu did not care as long as Zhao Kang felt it was appropriate. However, he still reminded Zhao Kang, "To build a reliable and effective fake reviewers, you need hundreds or even thousands of people. So, you have to do the math. Don't spend a few months' salary."

"I can't."

Zhao Kang smiled and said, "Those who can get the basic salary are all the core members. The rest are distributed according to their work. The core members go to develop some of the lower-level members. It's like a pyramid, developing layer by layer. The lower it is, the bigger it is."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It sounds like it's true. You can decide for yourself. You may have a chance to practice in a few days."