Chapter 876

S did not really understand what had happened in the past two hours.

He only remembered that he had logged into YY. His first impression was not bad, but he did not have a single friend, so it was meaningless. Then, he sent his YY account to his college classmate in Seattle, Tommy. Then, it was time to witness a miracle.

First of all, the other party made fun of him in YY. He was so angry that he retaliated in YY. Only then did he realize that the YY conversation was the best he had ever used, be it in terms of interface or experience.

That was not all. Then, the other party pulled him into a YY group with more than 180 people. Before he could figure out what was going on, the various messages in the group shocked him.

It turned out that this group was a group for college fraternity members. Every university in the United States would have a fraternity organization, which was equivalent to a society. However, its scale, investment, and maintenance of member relationships were much higher than ordinary societies.

The members of the fraternity back then were now all over the United States. Because it was an Ivy League university, almost every member had become a member of the American elite today. They would maintain a relatively small social circle with each other. For example, he was close to seven or eight people in the fraternity, but he rarely contacted others. He didn't even have contact information. If there was anything he needed, he would contact someone else.

At S's age, it was too difficult for the college fraternity members to organize an offline gathering. Take him for example. He spent half of every year flying around the country to meet the founders and CEOs of various companies to understand their situation and consider whether to invest in them. After that, he would reach an investment agreement with them. The remaining half of his time was basically spent in Silicon Valley. He was as busy as a bee.

It was not just him. The others were the same. Everyone was very busy. Even on a big day like the school anniversary, it was already good enough to gather half of the people. Among them, more than 20% of the people were not in the United States. Some of them had become overseas executives of multinational companies, and some had started their own businesses overseas. In short, it was really too difficult to get together and chat.

But what S didn't expect was that a YY chat would bring everyone together online. They were all elites, and they were all very busy, but they couldn't leave their computers. As a result, more than 85% of the 180 or so people were online. Everyone was taking a break from their busy work and chatting in this group. Everyone had registered their names. S saw so many messages pouring in like a waterfall. Every name was particularly familiar to him.

S was shocked. He didn't expect so many old friends and so many Brotherhood members to be chatting here!

There was simply too much news for the eyes to take in!

Although she was shocked, S still fumbled around to change her remark under Tommy's urging.

At that moment, Tommy shouted in the group, "Hi guys!

Let's use the warmest applause to welcome the Brotherhood's number one Casanova. S was the quarterback of the school's football team in college. He was quite handsome when he was young. It could be said that he was one of the few men most popular with the girls in the whole school. There were so many girls in the school who took the initiative to offer themselves to him that they needed to queue up, so he also left behind the title of Casanova.

As soon as Tommy said that, a bunch of applauding emojis began to flood the screen. Many people were greeting him, and they couldn't even look at him.

They were all old friends, and all members of the Brotherhood. With so many people here, everyone suddenly found the same feeling they had in the past. Everyone felt especially excited, as if they had returned to the past.

That was human nature. Old friends who hadn't seen each other for ten years might not think of each other if they hadn't seen each other for a long time. Even if they did think of each other, it would just be a passing thought. However, if they had the chance to talk about the past, they might talk until tears streamed down their cheeks and hug each other. What was the reason for this mentality?

In Li Mu's view, there were many emotions buried in everyone's heart that were sealed. It was just a matter of finding a suitable way to break the seal and release these emotions.

S was like that.

Suddenly, so many old friends were greeting him. He was extremely excited and nostalgic. Everyone chatted freely in the group, talking about the past. This feeling made S's heart surge with excitement. Before he knew it, they had chatted for more than an hour.

While chatting in the group, there were also a bunch of friend requests. These friends were all from the group. Everyone added each other while chatting in the group so that it would be easier to contact each other in the future.

At that moment, he suddenly received a message from Tommy in the private chat. "Sh * t, I was too focused on chatting and forgot to send you the information."

Only then did S remember that his real goal was to ask for Tommy's information.

So, S said, "Just send it over, I'll receive it."

Tommy didn't choose to send it offline. Instead, he chose to send it online. At the same time, he said, "The YY file has the ability to continue after a break. Don't worry about any problems with the network. Even if the network is disconnected, you can continue to send it when you come online later."

S was secretly surprised. At that moment, a notification popped up on the interface. Tommy had sent him a 537 MB file. He clicked to receive it, and the file immediately began to transfer. The speed was about 500 KB per second, which was not bad.

After adding more friends, S realized that in his friend list, some people's names were bold and bright red, while others were normal black. It was the same for himself. However, Tommy's name was red, and he was at the top of the friend list. He couldn't help but ask, "Hey, Tommy, why is your name in red?

Also, your name starts with the letter T, so you shouldn't be at the top!

But I see that you're even in front of the letter A. Why?

How did you do it?

Teach me! "

"…"

The other party sent a speechless emoji, then said, "Eric, I'm a distinguished YY member. VIP, do you understand?

VIP！

very-important-people！

VIP's name is highlighted in red, and it's at the top of the friend list. It's easy to find. "

"Sh * t, do I need to spend money on this?

How do I do it? I want one too! "

"Go search for YY + VIP on eBay, and there'll be a bunch of them. 2 USD a month."

"That's so cheap, I'll go get one too …"

S opened the eBay page and was about to search when Tommy said, "I'll create another group. I'll drag our Raging Eight into it. Let's do a group video. What do you think?"

"Group video?

S could not help but ask, "Are you going to do a video conference?

Which terminal are you guys using? "

The video conference terminal industry was very chaotic. Products provided by the same company could basically be compatible with each other and be connected stably. However, if the products of other companies were connected, it would be very easy for problems to occur. Some of them could not even match each other due to different decoding standards. S asked this because he instinctively thought that Tommy wanted to use the video conference system to chat.

Tommy did not answer his question, but asked him instead, "Does your computer have a camera?"

S replied, "Yes."

Tommy said, "Alright, I'll add you into the group later. You just need to agree, don't worry about anything else."

S was still a little surprised, but he did not ask any more questions.

A moment later, he received a message. Tommy had invited him to join the "Berserk Eight" group chat. S immediately clicked "Yes" and then entered a group of only eight people. All of them were his best buddies back in university. Back then, everyone had purposely formed a group called "Berserk Eight". With their super high alcohol tolerance, these eight people were almost invincible in all the parties. They once created a legendary record of eight people defeating twenty-eight people. That was how they got the name "Berserk Eight".

As soon as he entered the group, S was about to greet everyone in the chat box when he saw a notification pop up in the message box. [Tommy has invited you to join the group video chat. Do you accept?]

S's eyes widened, and he muttered in his heart, 'What the f * ck?

Group video chats can be held in YY? '

Surprised, he could not help but click YES again. Then, the chat box turned into an interface of eight video chat boxes. A few seconds later, an image appeared in each of the video chat boxes. After taking a closer look, other than himself, the other seven people were indeed the other members of the Raging Eight.

S found it unbelievable that the video chat of the eight people was very smooth, and there was no lag at all. Tommy waved his hand in the video and said to everyone, "Hi everyone, do you want to find a chance to gather after Christmas this year?"

The quality of his voice was excellent, and it was as smooth as the video, without any lag or interference. S tried to say, "Hey, I'm planning to take a vacation after Christmas this year. If everyone is free, I'm fine with it!"

Then, everyone started to talk about their situation. Other than Tomm, five of the other six agreed, and only one muttered, "I'm not sure if my wife has any plans after Christmas. She keeps saying that she wants to go skiing in Switzerland …"

As soon as he said that, the other seven people exploded. Everyone started to criticize him, and S also said seriously, "Dean, if you don't come to this gathering, I'll never see you again. S will do what he says!"

Tommy also said, "Hey, Dean, if you don't come, I'll tell Linda that you cheated on her and slept with Michelle!

You know, Linda has always treated Michelle as her best friend! "

“Motherfucker！”

The guy called Dean instantly cursed. "If you bastards tell anyone about this, I swear I'll kill all of you!"

Tommy said, "Hey, here's my suggestion, think about it yourself!"

Dean immediately compromised, and said with a sad face, "Fine, fine, fine, you bastards, I'll go, okay?

As long as you don't tell this to anyone. S laughed, "Dean, it seems like after so many years, you're still scared like a frightened deer in front of Linda!"

Dean said in a low, muffled voice, "I'm not afraid of Linda, but I love her. Love, do you understand?

Oh no, a dissolute scumbag like you definitely doesn't know what love is. "

Seeing Dean find an excuse for his henpecked wife, the other seven people rocked back and forth in laughter.

As S laughed, he felt especially warm in his heart. His friends were still the same as before, and everyone was the best friend. Although some of them hadn't seen each other for many years, the sudden video chat made him understand that everyone's relationship was actually as good as it was in the past, so strong.

Suddenly, S realized something.

Video chatting in the YY group was much more effective than a conference call!

In terms of fluency and clarity, there was not much difference between the two. However, the YY group had many revolutionary benefits.

First, there was no need for terminal equipment, no additional investment, almost zero cost, while the cost and usage of a full set of video conference calls ranged from a few thousand to tens of thousands of dollars.

Second, there were no restrictions on terminal equipment. Any computer, any place, as long as they were connected to the Internet, they could video chat anytime, anywhere.

Third, the display of the terminal equipment for the video conference was relatively inferior. On one hand, the screen was small, and on the other hand, in order to control costs, the display screen's size, brightness, clarity, color restoration, saturation, and other aspects were much worse than a computer screen. Therefore, in terms of visual effect, group video chat on a computer was much better than group video chat on a conference call!

It seemed that just YY alone was enough to completely destroy the video conference terminal provider!

Just as he thought of this, a notification popped up in Tommy's dialog box. The file was transferred at an average speed of 453 KB per second. There were three interruptions in between, two on Tommy's side, and one on his side.