Chapter 1359

Ziyun Villa.

With the help of Li Ziwei, Papa Lee and Li Ma prepared a table of sumptuous home-cooked meals. Knowing that Li Ziwei also liked He Lu, Li Mu specially invited her over. After all, she was not only his assistant, but also his parents' goddaughter and his godsister. Because of this confirmed relationship, Li Mu also felt a sense of responsibility and care for her in his heart.

Although Li Ma also liked He Lu, the young host, it was not to the extent of chasing after a star. Therefore, the one she looked forward to the most was not He Lu, but Chen Wan.

In her previous life, Li Ma was indeed very grateful to Chen Wan. Although she was the one who hit Li Mu with her car, which affected Li Mu's performance in the college entrance examination, Chen Wan had never avoided any responsibility from beginning to end. She had always hoped to make up for it. At that time, Li Mu decided not to repeat his studies. At that time, Chen Wan secretly sponsored his four years of college tuition and living expenses, as well as Li Mu's living expenses.

Li Ma once calculated for Li Mu. During his four years of college, Chen Wan sponsored his family no less than 80,000 yuan. Therefore, even though both of Li Mu's parents were laid off and his family was in a difficult situation, he was still able to smoothly finish college without suffering any hardships.

For Papa Lee and Li Ma, Chen Wan's 80,000 yuan was a great favor to them, and it was extremely meaningful.

Without this money, even if Li Mu performed well in the college entrance examination and was admitted to a good university, the four years of college tuition would still drag down Papa Lee and Li Ma, as well as the whole family. In that case, Li Mu might have to rely on working and eating steamed buns to get through the four years of college.

However, these things happened in the previous life. In this life, Chen Wan didn't give Papa Lee and Li Ma such a big favor, but Papa Lee and Li Ma were still full of gratitude to her from the bottom of their hearts.

As early as when Li Mu's College Entrance Exam results came out, Papa Lee and Li Ma had been thinking about a question. How could their son, who usually scored over 100 points in his English test, score 150 points in the College Entrance Exam?

This in itself was illogical. Even if he had performed exceptionally well, it was impossible for him to do so much.

So, from then on, Papa Lee and Li Ma had come to a consensus that their son had been enlightened by Chen Wan's collision.

With this common understanding, the speed of Li Mu's development made them constantly realize that their son's aperture was getting bigger and bigger.

He earned money and opened the first Metersbonway specialty store for his family. Then, he started a company to make websites and software. In a blink of an eye, he had made such a great career. How could ordinary people have such opportunities?

Moreover, Li Mu's life score had been developing steadily for the first 18 years. After it suddenly started to rise rapidly, it had never stopped this crazy rise. If one looked back, one would find that the sudden rise of Li Mu's life score was after Chen Wan bumped into him.

So, Papa Lee and Li Ma firmly believed that Chen Wan was Li Mu's benefactor. If it weren't for her collision, their son would probably still be an ordinary university student. As for the two of them, they would probably be doing odd jobs outside to earn money to support their son's education.

After Chen Wan and He Lu arrived home, Papa Lee and Li Ma expressed great enthusiasm and welcome to the two of them. Chen Wan and Papa Lee and Li Ma had known each other for a long time, so they didn't feel restrained when they were guests at home. However, He Lu had gone to Li Mu's house for a meal the first time he met Li Mu, which made him quite nervous.

If it were in the past, Li Ma would also be nervous when she saw a big star. But now, she didn't feel that way at all. In her opinion, although He Lu was a famous host, he gave her the feeling that he was her son's classmate and friend at school when he came to her house.

Besides He Lu, the other person who was nervous at the dinner table was Li Ziwei. She had always admired He Lu. It was inevitable that she would be excited to be able to sit at the same table with her idol.

Li Ma could see that He Lu was somewhat nervous, so she chatted with him at the dinner table. Although He Lu was a few years older than Li Mu, he was not yet 30 years old. After the elder, Li Ma, chatted with him cordially for a while, not only did it make him feel particularly friendly, but it also eased his nervousness.

However, Li Ma was more enthusiastic about Chen Wan. She was so enthusiastic that He Lu even thought that Li Ma treated Chen Wan as her future daughter-in-law.

This also made He Lu understand why Chen Wan could get so many top resources from Li Mu.

He and Chen Wan have been partners for a long time. He knew that Chen Wan and Li Mu had a close relationship. He knew that Chen Wan was able to climb to the top position of Xiangnan Satellite TV's female lead in such a short period of time, at least half of it was because of Li Mu.

Right now, everyone in the entertainment circle knew about Li Mu. They also knew that Li Mu was the top-notch source of traffic and the top-notch driving force behind the scenes of the entertainment circle. Any star, as long as they were connected to Li Mu, they would definitely be able to get huge traffic resources. Among them, the one who benefited the most was Chen Wan.

Li Mu not only helped Chen Wan win the female host of "Happy Camp", but also gave her all kinds of powerful resources that made others crazy with envy. The most outrageous thing was that Li Mu's Makino Image specially planned a top talent show "Super Girl" for her that caused a sensation in the whole country. Relying on this show, Chen Wan has become the number one female host in the national entertainment industry, in which Li Mu contributed a lot.

In fact, Li Mu has always been at the top of the pyramid in the entertainment industry. Although Li Mu does not play in the entertainment industry, his ability to create stars is really not comparable to that of ordinary pushers. He launched Chen Wan, who became the number one female host in the domestic entertainment industry, and then launched Du Wei, who became the most influential among the young female movie stars in China. At the same time, she is also a singer pursued by countless people. She was even able to become popular throughout Hong Kong with the song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen", and Mo Wenwei was also pushed to an incredible height by him. Next, Xie Xie's boyfriend, Liu Ye, was also selected by him to shoot the movie he invested in "Flying Tigers". Needless to say, the day "Flying Tigers" was released, it was the day when Liu Ye became a big shot.

He Wan also hoped to become friends with Li Mu, so that she could get some traffic and resources from Li Mu. This was not because she was scheming or had impure motives, it was just human nature. However, He Wan was also very clear that she and Li Mu had just met. This kind of thinking was basically extravagant. If she wanted to get resources and help from Li Mu, she would at least need to have a more familiar relationship with Li Mu.

After dinner, the table of people chatted casually at the dining table. Chen Wan talked about the "Super Girl" that had just ended, and she sighed that the appearance fee of the first "Super Girl" champion had now reached the level of an A-list singer. Li Mu asked her curiously, "Who was the first champion?"

Everyone at the table looked at him in surprise. Li Ma asked in surprise, "Zhang Xiaobei is so famous, but you have not heard of him?"

Li Mu said honestly, "I really don't know …"

Chen Wan said, "This is a talent show that you planned!

And your company is deeply involved in it. You are the copyright owner … "

Li Mu shrugged. "I only brought out the concept of the show to cooperate with your station. I didn't pay attention to the rest of the things that happened after that."

"Oh my God …" Chen Wan sighed. "If you pay attention, you will know that Zhang Xiaobei's current influence is almost on par with Du Wei's. And because of her very down-to-earth background, she has a lot of fans, and they are all very loyal fans. Her record company is also very optimistic about her. They have already helped her to book songs with well-known songwriters in Hong Kong and Taiwan. They will strive to release her first album this year."

As she said that, Chen Wan added, "Our station may want to start preparing for the second" Super Girl "in the near future. We would like to discuss the details of the cooperation with you first. But because of SARS, we have not moved forward with it for the time being. But in the near future, we will probably communicate with the person in charge of Makino Image."

Li Mu said, "The country is now paying a lot of attention to the prevention of SARS and has also invested a lot of manpower and resources to deal with it. I think SARS will be solved in at most two months. If you are interested in starting the second cooperation, you can ask the person in charge of Makino Image to finalize the details of the cooperation in advance. Try to start the auditions during the summer. After all, summer is the peak of the participation of talent shows and the viewership of TV shows."

Chen Wan nodded and said, "Then I will give the station a call later and let them start discussing the details first."

Li Mu said, "This year's" Super Girl "can add more advertising resources. On a large scale, there will be exclusive title sponsorship, special broadcasting, co-sponsorship, and advertisements during the show's broadcast time. On a small scale, there will be live advertising display space, venue title sponsorship, designated supplies, and so on. After all of these are gathered in advance, we can organize a nationwide bidding conference. At that time, I will arrange for Ziwei to represent Makino Technology. This way, we can send a signal to the outside world: Makino Technology will also fully participate in the production of the second" Super Girl "and increase the value of the second season's advertisements. If everything goes smoothly, just the advertising alone will be able to achieve several times the profit. Before the show even starts, we will be able to earn back the money."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu added, "But the exclusive title sponsorship cannot be put up for bidding. It will have to be done by Taobao Network. Taobao Network can pay the production team 30 million RMB for the title sponsorship."

In his previous life, during the golden age of variety shows, many of the top variety shows had shockingly high advertising revenue. The title sponsorship for "Hua Xia's New Voice" was bought by OPPO for 500 million RMB. This was enough to prove how crazy the attraction power of variety shows was. "Super Girl" was one of the earliest phenomenal variety shows. If it was put to good use, the advertising revenue would be a huge profit.