Chapter 1540

In the following days, Microsoft's marketing received bad news.

The open rate continued to hit new lows, the bounce rate continued to hit new lows, and the download rate continued to hit new lows as well …

At first, the cost of getting customers through the channel was about 100 USD. Later, it dropped all the way to 200 USD. This was an unimaginably high cost of getting customers. If he wanted to get 100 million customers at this cost, he would have to spend at least 10 to 20 billion USD in marketing costs.

Such a conversion rate was equivalent to Windows-Live investing in a large amount of marketing funds. It was like a stone sinking into the ocean in every channel.

He fell into the sea with a splash, not even a ripple could be seen.

Microsoft's Vice President, Peter, was stomping his feet in anger in his office. He scolded the head of the marketing department. "Even if I give the money to the users, the download cost will not reach 200 USD!

You can bring your team to the roadside and tell them to pay 20 USD for every user they stop. The conversion rate will be much higher! "

The head of the marketing department was ashamed, but he still said helplessly, "Peter, you know our situation. Li Mu is like Michael Jackson in his heyday in this industry. Even if he just stands on stage, countless fans will scream and even faint. We are like old singers in this industry. Compared to Li Mu, our influence is too far behind. But Li Mu just won't let us go. He wants to perform at the same time as us. What can we do …"

Peter said angrily, "Then there must be a problem with internal security!

Which department leaked the news of Windows Live going live today?

If the news was not leaked, Li Mu's Twitter would not be on the same date as us! "

The head of the marketing department hesitated for a while and said, "Peter, Mr. Gates is currently in the UK, and he is with Li Mu. Do you think it is …"

Peter paused and immediately shut his mouth.

He knew his boss. He knew that the seemingly easygoing old boy from the science and engineering department was actually exceptionally competitive.

He also knew that his boss had been looking forward to defeating Li Mu's YY with MSN, looking forward to bringing Microsoft to a new peak, and looking forward to pulling Li Mu, the young man who had been overly concerned by the world, down from the altar.

He even knew that his boss didn't plan to attend Goldberg's salon party at first. But when he heard that Li Mu would go, he changed his mind and volunteered to attend.

As for why his boss would do this, Peter could even imagine it. "Hello, Mr. Li, I am Bill Gates. Oh yes, Microsoft has a very important ecosystem coming online tonight. You can take a look …"

What happened next was easy to guess.

Li Mu had already started his Twitter division. It was likely that Twitter was already in Li Mu's arsenal, waiting for the right opportunity to show up. When Li Mu heard that Microsoft was going live tonight, he naturally took out his hidden weapon.

Peter guessed it right. Li Mu did have the same plan. When he asked Twitter to go live an hour after Windows-Live was released, his mood was like Li Yunlong's roar at his second battalion commander in "Drawing Sword," "Second battalion commander, where's your f * cking Italian cannon?

Pull it out … "

Bill Gates got what he asked for. Li Mu's Italian cannon was already set up.

The feedback from the channel made Microsoft more and more disappointed. When Peter went berserk in his office, the whole of Microsoft collapsed.

Before Windows-Live went live, they imagined many possibilities, but they never imagined such a tragic situation …

For any creator, the biggest blow was that their product was not recognized by the public, or even ignored by the public.

A writer will be disappointed if no one reads his book.

A singer will be disappointed if no one listens to his song.

A director will be disappointed if no one watches his movie.

And a product manager, who understood the psychology of the users, understood the needs of the users, and catered to the users as his core job, if no one uses the product he designed and developed, the disappointment would be the most painful.

He should be the person who understood the users the best, but the result told him that he did not understand the users at all.

Bill Gates and a large group of people in the Microsoft MSN team never dreamed that the series of products they had carefully built would immediately sink as soon as they were sent to the market. It was not that the users didn't like to use it, but they didn't even bother to try it.

This feeling was very similar to a joke in Guo Degang's crosstalk. A girl wanted to be famous. She took off her clothes, took nude photos, posted it online, and happily waited for the post to go viral. Before this, she might have expected the post to go viral, and she would be criticized or even criticized. But she did not expect the result to become a reality. The post sank …

Now, the only hope was that the quality of Twitter itself was not high enough.

Mu Ye Technology's strategy for dealing with Twitter was to raise its profile high. Under such circumstances, it naturally attracted everyone's attention. If the product itself was really good, such a high profile would be very effective. However, if the product itself was not good enough, then the higher the user's expectations, the greater the disappointment, and the more likely it was to outsmart the user.

If Twitter disappoints the users, then Windows-Live will have a chance to be reborn!

Whether it was the staff at Microsoft headquarters or Bill Gates in the UK, they were all deeply aware of this. Therefore, everyone held their breath and waited for the launch of Twitter. Even now, they did not know what kind of product Twitter would be.

11 pm in London, 6 pm in New York, 6 am in Beijing the next day.

Makino Technology officially launched the Twitter platform to the world.

This time, Twitter had a total of four domain names. Twitter was the main domain name for the overseas market, and weibo was the main domain name for the Chinese market.

Twitter was using a waterfall presentation method similar to Sina Weibo in Feng Yu's previous life. It was paired with a follower system, comment system, retweet system, friend recommendation system, and algorithmic recommendation system.

This waterfall presentation method will give users a fast and fragmented information browsing experience. This was the first of its kind in the current internet product category.

The benefits of the waterfall flow were very obvious. It had an endless input of information, and its trajectory was completely traceable. Both upstream and downstream could be traced, and the flow speed of the information waterfall was completely determined by the user. It could be as fast as it wanted, or as slow as it wanted. Even if some information was accidentally missed, there was no need to worry at all.

This presentation method is very common in Feng Yu's previous life. For example, Weibo, Twitter, various news, headlines, consulting products, vertical e-commerce, etc. This is undoubtedly advanced.

In the current era, this presentation method is a huge highlight, and it will give every user an extraordinary experience.

Furthermore, there are a lot of opinion leaders displaying the information here.

The top 100 popular singers in Europe and the United States, some Hollywood actors, Hua Xia A-list singers and actors, and even Prince William of the British royal family.

What's more, Li Mu himself is among them.

Regardless of whether the user is logged into Twitter or not, as long as the user visits the Twitter page for the first time, the home page will see the first tweets posted by a large number of stars and celebrities. Each of their avatars is a photo of themselves, and under their avatars is a golden symbol that looks like a check mark or a letter V.

When the mouse is placed on this symbol, a prompt will appear: "The user's identity has been officially verified by Twitter."

And these verified celebrity users have posted photos that they took specifically for Twitter. These are definitely recent photos, so it is very attractive to fans.

What is more attractive to fans is that they can comment on the tweets that their idols have just posted. For example, Michael Jackson, many users left comments under his Twitter.

At the same time, the users also found that they can repost the tweets posted by the stars to their own posts, so that their friends can see it. This is really interesting, so the users began to repost the Weibo of their idols, and add what they want to say.

In less than five minutes, the number of users logged into Twitter has exceeded the 10 million mark. They are quickly familiarizing themselves with the various functions of Twitter under the guidance of Twitter's automatic tutorials.

What is more amazing is that Twitter makes full use of the powerful resources of YY users' connections. Every 30 seconds, it will refresh the status of the user's YY friends on Twitter. For example, User A is familiarizing himself with Twitter, and the first notification pops up in the lower right corner: Your YY friends B, C, D have now joined Twitter. Click to follow them all.

Users can choose to ignore them, or choose to follow all of them. They can also choose to follow only those they want to follow. This kind of network expansion will allow them to quickly experience the feeling of having "comrades in arms", and it will be of great help to quickly cultivate user loyalty.

After 30 seconds, another notification pops up: Your YY friends E, F, G, H, I have now joined Twitter …

Thus, tens of millions of users began to follow each other crazily …

In addition, a large number of accounts representing certification agencies with blue V-shaped logos also came online in a short period of time.

Twitter official, YY official, YY game official, YY website official, Apple official, Google official, PayPal official, Oracle official, Amazon official, Yahoo official, Sina official …

Rolling Stone Records, Warner Records, Sony Records, DreamWorks Animation …

These agencies that were the first to settle in also began to greet netizens all over the world on Twitter and released their official messages …

On this newly born world stage, the audience was increasing, and so were the dancers …

Ten minutes after it went online, the number of users logged into Twitter exceeded the 20 million mark.

Users began to try their own Twitter posts. To their surprise, it was so easy to post on Twitter …

Twitter's posting editor is embedded at the top of the homepage. In fact, it is just an input box, an emoticon selection function, an option to add pictures, a music add option, a video add option, and a link add option.

It is worth mentioning that there are two options for adding music. One is for users to directly upload audio files, and the other is to directly search for music from the music library of YYtunes and add it with one click. This function alone is equivalent to the perfect combination of Twitter and YYtunes.

In addition, attentive users will find that all YY products such as YYtunes, YY games, YY website news and information links, YY space, have added a "share to Twitter" function. If users want to share a song with their Twitter friends, they do not need to specifically share it on Twitter. They can directly click "share" in YYtunes when they are logged in, and they can do it with one click …

In this way, all the products in the YY ecosystem are closely linked to Twitter …

Such a product simply subverted the world's understanding of Internet products!

It also subverted the world's understanding of Makino Technology!

Although Makino Technology's YY is also very disruptive, the core of YY itself has long been in embryonic form. For example, OICQ, MSN, and even the dead QQ in China were earlier than YY. The reason why YY is strong is that it has been sublimated and amplified on the basis of this model. The fundamental model is not the original creation of Makino Technology.

However, Twitter is different. This kind of product that allows users to face the world alone is a new model created by Makino Technology. There are too many innovations in this new model. It is simply a big collection of disruptive ideas!

Half an hour after it was launched, Twitter has more than 30 million logged in users. Online netizens all over the world have fallen into an open, global social platform. Everyone was surprised to find that they can see the world here …

Internet users all over the world can't help but worship Makino Technology, Twitter, Waterfall, and Li Mu in their hearts.

This Internet genius has once again created a genius god-level product!

An authoritative media in Silicon Valley released a newsletter with a very short title: LI-MU, The God-Of-Inter!