Chapter 1498

In terms of ambition, Microsoft had always been one of the biggest companies in the industry.

Microsoft was the same as Teng Xun. After their main business was successful, they hoped to expand into other areas. However, in terms of success rate, Microsoft was much worse than Teng Xun.

There were so many areas in the internet industry, but Microsoft's focus was on social networking and lifestyle. These were exactly what Makino Technology was best at. Their MSN was also dead, which made Microsoft's situation even more awkward.

Now, Microsoft's market value was more than 100 billion USD, and its share prices had been maintained at the same level for a long time. There was no way to stimulate its share prices in the short term. Although Makino Technology was not listed, its valuation was already more than 100 billion USD. If it were to IPO, its market value would be greatly increased. In this sense, Makino Technology's capital had already surpassed Microsoft.

Because of this, Microsoft decided to re-focus on social networking and lifestyle. This way, no matter what, Microsoft could snatch some benefits from Makino Technology's bowl.

In the eyes of Microsoft, after they lost to MSN, they entered a state of advantage against Muye Technology. This advantage was like an island country facing a land-based country without maritime combat capabilities. The island country could launch all kinds of harassment to the land-based country, and even launch large-scale landing operations to attack cities and seize land. But because the land-based country did not have maritime combat capabilities, there was no way to attack the mainland of the island country except to resist the attack of the island country.

This was the strategic position of Microsoft and Makino Technology towards each other.

Microsoft's current core business was Windows and Windows-based software, followed by the dominant office software like Office. As for servers and other tools, they were all non-core business. Because Microsoft's core business had extremely high requirements, Makino Technology did not have the ability to compete with Microsoft in Windows and Office. So, for Microsoft, its core business was absolutely safe in front of Makino Technology.

However, Makino Technology's core business was a complete ecosystem based on YY, including portals, games, music, social networking, Tieba, and blogs. These areas did not have any barriers to entry for Microsoft. They had enough ability to develop a complete set of products similar to YY. Even if these products could not compete with Makino Technology, at least they could directly compete with Makino Technology.

The Windows-Live software package that Microsoft was preparing to launch recently included a redesigned and developed MSN, as well as a series of products built around MSN. For example, they acquired an online chess and card game platform in the United States and were preparing to integrate it into the new version of MSN software. In addition, Microsoft was also preparing to develop an online music listening software, and at the same time, launched a product that Microsoft was very optimistic about, MSN-Blog. In order to make the blog bigger and stronger, Microsoft even specially developed a supporting editor for the blog.

Li Mu's blog became popular around the world, which made Chen Tong realize the shortcomings of long-form blogs. Only a lightweight blog could meet the needs of social networking; but in the eyes of Microsoft, they saw that the future of the blog was huge. Li Mu's blog could become popular around the world. If the blog was made bigger and stronger, it would definitely grow into the number one media in the online world.

This was the daily life of many Internet companies. The same scene was placed in front of them. Some people saw the future of the industry a few years later, but some people saw an illusory mirage. Microsoft had made many similar mistakes in its history.

MSN-Blog was basically a secondary development based on the normal blogs on the market. There were not many highlights, but the blog editor developed by Microsoft was a "magical tool" that Microsoft was very optimistic about.

This editor would be built into MSN. Users only needed to click on the quick launch bar of MSN, and the editor interface would immediately pop up. Because it was embedded in MSN, users did not need to log in at all.

After clicking on the editor interface, users can directly enter the title, edit the content, and even insert local pictures. At the same time, this editor comes with an auto-save function. It can help users save their drafts anytime and even customize the publishing time. To Microsoft's team, this editor will greatly improve the user's blogging experience and efficiency. It was definitely a powerful tool in the blogging industry.

Until now, no company in the world had developed a dedicated blog editor. Microsoft was the first. This was also Microsoft's way of doing things. To them, any internet industry needs to be technical and tooled. But they did not know that Li Mu had taken a completely different path. When they chose to be technical and tooled, Li Mu chose lightweight and social networking.

However, Li Mu did not know that Microsoft was preparing to make a comeback in the field of social networking. It was just that Microsoft Vice President Peter's attention to Twitter made Li Mu feel a bit of danger.

It is reasonable to say that after Microsoft gave up MSN, there was no need to worry about Makino Technology at all. Because MSN was the only overlap between the two. After MSN died, the two companies had completely avoided conflicts in business. The relationship between the two was like a tobacco and alcohol specialty store and a beauty and hairdresser. Not to mention that they had nothing to do with each other, even if they were doing business next to each other, there would be no conflict at all.

Because of this, Li Mu was a little more wary of Peter and Microsoft. To him, Peter was like the deputy manager of a beauty and hairdresser in Seattle suddenly came to Hua Xia to care about which brands of cigarettes and alcohol he would sell next. If Peter was not a fool, then there must be some hidden conspiracy.

Li Mu's sixth sense was very strong, and he respected his sixth sense.

Some people might have a sixth sense, but at the same time, they were very self-denying and self-numb. Sometimes, they could realize that something might be wrong, but in the blink of an eye, they would comfort themselves that they were thinking too much. Then, they would deny their sixth sense and throw it to the back of their mind.

Li Mu could grow to where he was today because, in addition to believing in his sixth sense, he would also conduct in-depth research on the basis of his sixth sense. If something made him feel that something was wrong, even if he could not tell what was wrong, he must find a way to find out.

After exchanging a few words with Peter, Li Mu called Li Ziwei to his side and whispered in her ear, "Contact Manager Lin and ask her to inquire about the recent developments in Microsoft in the US. See if there is a new business layout in Microsoft that overlaps with Makino Technology."

"Okay."

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "It should be morning in the US. I will call her now."

Li Mu said, "Ask her to keep an eye on Microsoft's recent small scale capital operations. See if there are any acquisitions by the parent company and its subsidiaries. If there are, ask her to find out the information about the acquired companies and send it to me."

"Understood."

After Li Ziwei left, Spielberg brought the three actors to Li Mu. The four of them raised their glasses, and Spielberg said, "Li Zong, congratulations on another victory!"

Leonardo and Tom Hanks also smiled and said, "Li Zong, congratulations!"

Li Mu nodded to the three of them and then looked at Anne Hathaway. He found that she looked particularly shy. Her big eyes stared at Li Mu and even avoided his gaze. She seemed to want to say something but stopped on second thought.

Anne Hathaway was dressed like a lady tonight. Her black sleeveless dress was simple and elegant, and she had a pearl necklace on her chest. The simple black and white combination made her look exquisite.

"Hello, Li Zong!"

Seeing that the three people around her had already greeted Li Mu, although Anne Hathaway had not thought of an opening line, she also realized that it would be more awkward if she dragged it on, so she hurriedly greeted him.

"We meet again, Anne." Li Mu smiled and said, "You look very pretty today."

"Really?" Anne Hathaway was a little flustered under Li Mu's gaze.

Li Mu nodded and said naturally, "I like your necklace. It matches your temperament and this dress."

Anne Hathaway was delighted. She twirled the necklace in front of her chest and said shyly, "Thank you, Li Zong, for the compliment."

Li Mu blinked and asked with a smile, "Everyone, it must have been tough to film in the Yun Province, right?"

Leonardo smiled and said, "I think it's pretty good. The Yun Province's weather is great, and the scenery is great. I kind of like that place."

Tom Hanks said seriously, "Leo is right. I also like the environment and climate there. The only regret is that the local food is a little spicy."

Leonardo said, "Tom likes the Cross the Bridge Rice Noodles there. He basically comes here every day, no matter if it's morning, noon or night."

"Crossing-the-bridge-rice-noodles?" Li Mu was stunned for a moment before he smiled and said, "Are you talking about the Chinese 'rice noodles crossing the bridge'?"

"Yes, yes, yes!" Leonardo nodded and said, "It's the Cross the Bridge Rice Noodles. It tastes great."

Tom Hanks said, "My favorite staple food is all kinds of noodles.

Li Mu smiled and said, "I also like to eat Cross the Bridge Rice Noodles. Hua Xia has many different kinds of noodles, and each place has its own unique characteristics. They are cooked differently, made with different ingredients, and eaten differently. If there's a chance, I'll definitely bring you to try them all."

With that, Li Mu looked at Anne Hathaway and asked, "Anne, how do you feel in the Yun Province?"

"It's pretty good."

Anne Hathaway smiled shyly and said, "The environment and scenery are very good, and the local culture is also very interesting. I like to look up at the sky there. During the day, I can see the blue sky and white clouds, and at night, I can see the stars and the moon. Because it's a plateau, whether it's the blue sky and white clouds, or the stars and the moon, it's a very special experience."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're indeed a girl. You're naturally romantic. I've been to the Yun Province a few times, but I've never really paid attention to the scenery in the sky."

Anne Hathaway immediately took out a Sharp flip phone from her palm-sized handbag. After opening it, she found a photo and subconsciously approached Li Mu. She handed the phone to him and said with a smile, "Look, this is a photo I took with my phone. Doesn't this cloud look like a little dolphin?"

Li Mu looked at the screen. On the small color screen, it showed the blue sky and white clouds. One of the clouds did indeed look like a jumping dolphin.

This phone's pixel count was around one million. It was a far cry from the smartphones of the later generations, but in this era, it was already considered the best phone camera. Therefore, despite the age difference, the photo itself was still very clear, and the colors were also very accurate.