Chapter 1572

Ferguson had been in the football field for so many years, but he had never liked a young player as much as he liked Ronaldo.

In his eyes, Ronaldo was a one-in-a-million genius in terms of ability, talent, and attitude. It was a dream for a club manager to have a perfect player. If he could train him into a perfect player step by step when the player had just reached adulthood, it was even more of a dream.

He had originally planned a very detailed development direction for Ronaldo, but he did not expect that when the 18-year-old Ronaldo had just joined Manchester United and had not played a game, someone would not hesitate to spend 25 million pounds to poach him.

Ferguson rushed to David Gill's office. Mendes had already left.

The moment he pushed open the door, he immediately asked David Gill, who was sitting behind the desk, "Which club is interested in Cristiano?"

"I don't know."

David Gill shrugged his shoulders and spread his hands. "What I know is that Mendes just called me and told me that a club is preparing to trigger Cristiano Ronaldo's breach of contract clause. I asked him who it was, but he was unwilling to reveal it."

Ferguson suddenly became angry. "Damn it, Mendes. What kind of trick is he playing with me at this time?

Did he forget that we just let him make a lot of money?

How can he not be grateful at all! "

David Gill said helplessly, "Sir, Mendes is a businessman, a businessman through and through. This kind of person is like a mother to anyone. How can he have any gratitude?

He sold Cristiano to us and made a fortune. Now he is urging other clubs to buy Cristiano, and he can make another fortune. "

Ferguson said, "That's impossible!

I will never let Cristiano go! "

David Gill said awkwardly, "Sir, there is a liquidated damages clause in Cristiano's contract. Mendes insisted on adding this five-year liquidated damages division: 25 million pounds in the first year, 35 million pounds in the second year, 45 million pounds in the third year, 55 million pounds in the fourth year, and 70 million pounds in the fifth year. Now Cristiano is in the first year, and anyone who is willing to spend 25 million pounds can take him away."

Ferguson said angrily, "This clause is simply stupid!

Why did we agree to such stupid terms?! "

David Gill was a little embarrassed by Ferguson's angry accusation. He said, "This was the result of everyone's negotiation when we brought in Cristiano Ronaldo. And this amount is also very beneficial to us."

"Beneficial?!"

Ferguson said in a flustered and exasperated manner, "25 million pounds can bring such a talented player away, and you're telling me that this is good for us?"

David Gill's original politeness was gradually washed away by Ferguson's anger. The smile on his face gradually disappeared, and his tone became cold. He said, "Sir, I'm a CEO, not a manager. Not only do I have to ensure the team's results, but I also have to ensure the income of the entire club. Cristiano Ronaldo has only joined for less than half a month, and 12.24 million pounds of investment has brought back 25 million pounds of income for the team. The profit margin is more than 100%. In my opinion, this is simply the best business in the world."

In fact, for David Gill, he really did not want Cristiano Ronaldo to be poached by other clubs so soon. He also agreed with Ferguson that Cristiano Ronaldo had more room for development in the future. He also felt that at this stage, Manchester United really needed a talented figure like Cristiano Ronaldo to plan a better future for Manchester United.

However, Ferguson's attitude was really unacceptable to him. In any case, he was the club's CEO, and Ferguson had no right to yell at him here.

Ferguson was speechless with anger at David Gill's words. His words were indeed very choking. 12.24 million pounds had just bought a player, and he had sold it for 25 million pounds in a little more than ten days. It was equivalent to earning one million pounds for the club every day. No one would think that the deal was not worth it.

After all, even if he was optimistic about Cristiano Ronaldo's future, he was indeed far from worth 25 million pounds at the moment. This was the fundamental reason why David Gill did not think there was any problem with the breach of contract for the first year of the contract being only 25 million pounds.

However, Ferguson was not willing to let Cristiano go just like that. He said to David Gill, "No matter who wants to buy Cristiano, I won't let them succeed easily!"

With that, he turned around and left.

David Gill stood up helplessly and said, "Please, Sir, don't do this …"

Ferguson did not pay attention to him. He put his hands behind his back and walked out of his office with a sullen face.

…

After Li Mu met with all the players, he began to prepare for his return.

His chartered plane was already waiting at Manchester Airport, ready to return to Hua Xia, which was thousands of miles away, at any time.

Considering that there was a seven-hour time difference between London and China, Li Mu gave Li Ziwei's contact details to Sun Jihai. After he contacted Dong Fangzhuo tomorrow, he could directly tell Li Ziwei the results of Dong Fangzhuo's feedback.

Sun Jihai wanted to contact Dong Fangzhuo immediately, but because he knew that Li Mu did not want the news to be leaked for the time being, he could only suppress the excitement in his heart and prepare to wait for Li Mu to leave.

For Dong Fangzhuo, Sun Jihai not only had the feeling of being from the same hometown, but he also had the mentality of cherishing talent.

He came from Liao Province's Bin City. At the end of the last century, Liao Province was known as the cradle of Hua Xia football. A large number of famous players came from this province, and Bin City was the best in Liao Province's football.

As a person from Bin City, Sun Jihai was particularly optimistic about Dong Fangzhuo, who also came from Bin City.

In his eyes, Dong Fangzhuo not only had a strong talent for football, but he also had a stronger physical fitness than most of the Hua Xia players. He was very suitable to develop in the English Premier League.

Physical fitness was actually very important for a player. Since coming to England to play football, Sun Jihai really understood the importance of physical fitness in high-level football leagues.

Players with strong physical fitness could create advantages in all aspects, such as a higher chance of winning in tackles, better speed and endurance in sprinting attacks, more active in running and interspersing, easier to tear apart the opponent's defensive line, and so on.

When Asian teams played against European or South American teams, they were often able to hold on in the first half. Teams with stronger techniques like Japan and South Korea often had a chance to create a threat to their opponents or even take the lead in the first half. However, once it came to the second half, especially in the last 20 minutes, the Asian teams, whether it was Japan or South Korea or Hua Xia, would quickly be pressed to the ground by their opponents.

The reason was that their physical fitness was not good. Just like a rally, the performance of the car was important, but the endurance was also very important.

Therefore, this was the main reason why it was difficult for Asian players to adapt to the five major leagues. They could not fight, run, or carry. Such players were at a disadvantage in Europe.

But Dong Fangzhuo was different. Sun Jihai was well aware of his physical fitness, which was almost no different from the young European players. He had suddenly greatly closed the gap with the European leagues.

If Dong Fangzhuo could come to the Manchester City team, it would really be the best thing. Because not only could he partner with him in the team, they were both Hua Xia players and could take care of each other. More importantly, the club's boss was also a Hua Xia player, and it was the famous Li Mu. Not to mention anything else, at least in such a club, there was no need to worry about racial discrimination.

In Europe, although racial discrimination was rarely mentioned, it was everywhere. Sun Jihai himself had encountered all kinds of racial discrimination in the team. Some of it might be just some daily trivia, but as an outsider in a foreign country, it was difficult for Sun Jihai's heart not to be affected by those negative effects.

However, his heart was clear at the moment, because he knew that after Li Mu became the owner of this club, there would never be any racial discrimination against Hua Xia people in this club.

Finally, after saying goodbye to the club staff and players, Li Mu and his party left the Manchester City team's training base together with Davidson Gao Bai.

Before leaving, Li Mu told the club's CEO, Alister, to officially make an official announcement in half an hour to announce to the outside world that he had taken over the Manchester City Football Club and become the new owner of Manchester City.

At the same time, Li Mu asked Li Ziwei to communicate with Makino Technology's headquarters so that the staff at the headquarters could maintain interaction with the club. After the club made the announcement, Makino Technology also officially issued a statement.

Li Ziwei took some photos and selected a few better ones. She left them for Alister and sent them to the company's headquarters.

Later, Li Mu got into Davidson's car. His motorcade would escort Li Mu all the way to Manchester Airport.

On the way to the airport, Davidson smiled and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, today the whole of Britain is watching the news of you being honored by the Queen at Buckingham Palace. If the news of you becoming the owner of the Manchester City Football Club is announced, I'm afraid the whole of Britain will not be able to sleep."

Li Mu smiled and said, "My only hope is that the British don't take it too seriously about me becoming the owner of Manchester City. I don't want Manchester City to become like Chelsea."

Davidson laughed and said, "Then you worry too much. Although the British are a little arrogant, they still hold you in high esteem. The media has speculated that Buckingham Palace awarded you the GBE to make you Prince William's guide. Some people even say that you are the prince's' godfather '. But there is no rejection. The British people also hope that Prince William can become a brilliant man like you with your help and guidance."

Li Mu nodded slightly.

Although the two men were about the same age, there was not much error in using the word 'godfather'.

He was tantamount to directly raising William's level by at least two or three levels, allowing him to create a higher level of life than in his previous life. The help he provided would definitely help him break the ceiling that he could touch in his original life trajectory.