Chapter 1139

"Mr. Lee, you're not in Yan Jing?!"

Spielberg, who had just walked out of the airport, stopped. If Li Mu was not in Yan Jing, all his plans would be greatly affected.

If he followed Li Mu's words and waited a few days to meet him, he didn't know how many Hollywood bigwigs would come to him. At that time, he was afraid that the ticket system of Mu Ying would already be in the hands of others.

But what could he do if he didn't follow Li Mu's words?

He had already said that he was busy with the shooting of the movie. If he suddenly went to see Li Mu, wouldn't all his previous excuses fall apart?

At this time, Li Mu said to Spielberg with a smile, "Yes, I haven't been in Yan Jing recently. I have a logistical project under me, and I'm following it up in the south."

Spielberg had been to Hua Xia before, so he knew that Hua Xia's territory was vast. Whether it was from north to south or from east to west, the span could be large or small. The largest could even be thousands of kilometers. In Europe, such a distance would take more than a dozen countries. In this case, it was even more difficult for him to make an appointment with Li Mu.

Therefore, Spielberg began to feel anxious.

Anne Hathaway, who was beside him, heard the general idea from Spielberg's words. She tentatively said, "Mr. Spielberg, let me say a few words to Mr. Lee."

Spielberg hesitated for a moment. Seeing Anne Hathaway's determined expression, he handed the phone to her.

Anne Hathaway took the phone and said with a smile, "Hello, Mr. Lee!"

"Hello, Anne."

"Mr. Lee, I heard that you are now in the south of Hua Xia?"

"Yes," Li Mu said, "I'm in Shenzhen, about 2,000 kilometers from Beijing."

Anne Hathaway pretended to be casual and said, "2,000 kilometers is just over 1,200 miles. It's only two hours by plane. It's not far. We haven't started work yet. Why don't I fly over with Director Spielberg to meet you?"

Li Mu said in surprise, "2,000 kilometers is not far?"

Anne Hathaway smiled sweetly and said, "It may be quite far for people around the world, but it's nothing for Americans. Americans are used to flying, so we feel that a distance of 2,000 miles is very close. We can get there in two or three hours. Sometimes, when we get stuck in traffic in Los Angeles, we can't even get out of the city in two or three hours."

At this point, Anne Hathaway continued, "Actually, it's mainly because you're the only friend that Director Spielberg and I have in Huaxia. Since we've flown thousands of miles to come here, we don't mind flying more than 1,000 kilometers to meet you. You won't reject us, right?"

Li Mu couldn't refute Anne Hathaway's words. Americans were indeed used to flying. A flight of two to three hours was already a common occurrence for them.

So Li Mu said, "Hathaway, you's welcome.

Let me know when you've decided on your itinerary. I'll arrange everything for you when you come to Shenzhen! "

Hearing that Li Mu agreed to meet her, Anne Hathaway immediately breathed a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "Then we'll let you know in advance after we've decided on our itinerary."

“OK。”

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu began to re-evaluate the big shot Spielberg.

Not only did he come to Hua Xia to talk about cooperation with him, but he also invited Anne Hathaway. Obviously, it was intentional. Li Mu couldn't help but sigh. There were few real artists in the world. Most of them were driven by interests all the time. In the face of real interests, artists might not be able to be really frank.

However, it didn't bring him too much trouble. After all, it was better to cooperate with Spielberg than with people like Harvey. And it had to be said that Spielberg's reputation was much better than Harvey's.

At the same time, Spielberg, who was still at the Yanjing airport, heard that Anne Hathaway had agreed to meet Li Mu. He was overjoyed and relieved at the same time.

He had been in the film industry for so many years, so he knew too well what the Mu Ying ticketing system meant. He had long been determined to win such a major project and couldn't afford to fail. Therefore, he used some underhanded means to discuss with Hua Xia and Li Mu with Anne Hathaway's help. Although it was a little embarrassing, he couldn't care too much to ensure that things went smoothly.

Now that Li Mu had agreed to meet, Spielberg's mood suddenly became better. He looked at the time and found that it was only noon in Yanjing. If he bought a plane ticket to Shenzhen now, he should be able to meet Li Mu today.

Spielberg immediately said to Anne Hathaway, "Anne, let's go buy a plane ticket now and go to Shenzhen to meet Li Mu as soon as possible."

Anne Hathaway had just taken an overseas flight for more than ten hours. Now that she had finally landed, she was tired and had severe jet lag. What she wanted most now was to go to the hotel to take a bath and have a good rest. She didn't expect Spielberg to be so anxious.

Looking at him in surprise, Anne Hathaway asked tentatively, "Do we really have to rush there?

In this case, won't it be too abrupt and obvious in Li Mu's eyes? "

Spielberg couldn't help but hesitate. In his opinion, he really wanted to go to Shenzhen to meet Li Mu immediately. But as Anne Hathaway said, if he flew directly to Shenzhen in such a hurry, it would be very abnormal for Li Mu. Moreover, he was really tired all the way here. Since Li Mu had agreed to meet, it seemed that he didn't have to be too anxious.

Thinking of this, Spielberg nodded gently. "Well, let's buy tickets for tomorrow morning's flight first, then go to the city to find a hotel to rest for the night. We'll leave tomorrow."

Anne Hathaway finally breathed a sigh of relief. Although she was still very young, she was a weak woman after all. Without strong physical support, she couldn't bear it anymore.

…

The two were about to buy tickets to Shenzhen tomorrow morning when Spielberg's mobile phone rang. From the number, it seemed to be an American mobile phone, so Spielberg picked up the phone.

"Hi, Steven!"

Harvey's voice was particularly enthusiastic. "I'm Harvey. What are you up to recently, my friend?"

Listening to Harvey's voice, Spielberg was particularly surprised. He didn't expect that the notorious Harvey of Hollywood would call him.

The relationship between Spielberg and Harvey had been broken as early as the end of the last century. At the end of the century, Spielberg made an epic war film, "Saving Private Ryan." Originally, this film was regarded as the strongest Oscar film of that year, until Harvey appeared halfway through.

In that year's Oscars, Harvey, with his own influence, made his "Shakespeare's Love History" get 13 nominations and eventually won seven awards. Whether in terms of the number of nominations or the number of awards, "Shakespeare's Love History" crushed "Saving Private Ryan." Even in the most important Best Picture Award, "Shakespeare's Love History" defeated "Saving Private Ryan," which had the highest hopes of winning the award. This was the fuse that caused the relationship between the two to become rigid.

For Spielberg, Harvey was like a thief who did not play by the rules. With Harvey's influence, Harvey had forcibly stolen the award that he desired the most from his hands. Since then, he basically had no contact with Harvey.

Therefore, Spielberg was particularly puzzled when Harvey suddenly called him at this time.

Then, Spielberg tentatively asked, "Harvey, what's the matter?"

Harvey laughed on the other end of the phone and said, "Steven, I haven't seen you for a long time. I miss you very much. I want to find time to have a meal with you. I wonder if you have time?"

Spielberg frowned and said, "Harvey, if you have something to say, just say it. There's no need to pretend."

Harvey was a little unhappy with Spielberg's rebuke, but when he thought that Spielberg might be the only person he knew who could have contact with Li Mu, he suppressed his temper and said politely, "Steven, I want to talk about cooperation with Makino Image recently, but I don't have any friendship with Li Mu, so I want to ask you for a favor and introduce me to him."

As soon as he heard that Harvey wanted to see Li Mu, Spielberg immediately became vigilant. He immediately began to ponder why Harvey wanted to see Li Mu.

It was probably because he also wanted to see Li Mu's Shadow Ranger ticketing system. After all, it was impossible for a wily old fox like Harvey not to realize the importance of this system.

Thinking of this, Spielberg tentatively asked him, "Li Mu is not in the United States. How do you want me to introduce you to him?"

Harvey immediately said, "I don't want to see him in the United States. I want to see him in Hua Xia. I'm already in Hua Xia now."

Then, Harvey said, "Steven, I know you have some misunderstandings about me, but this time, I still hope that you can let bygones be bygones and help me. I'll definitely make it up to you in the future. Next time you attend an Oscar, I'll even give you a grand slam."

Spielberg was a little angry when he heard about the Oscars. He said angrily, "Sorry, I don't have time." After saying this, Spielberg hung up the phone without waiting for Harvey's response.

Harvey didn't expect Spielberg to be so unreasonable. He didn't give him any face and even hung up on him. While he was annoyed, he continued to rack his brains, hoping to find a key person who could help him pull some strings.

At this time, Spielberg, who had hung up the phone, said to Anne Hathaway seriously, "Anne, we've changed our plan. We'll go to Shenzhen today!"

Anne Hathaway asked him in surprise, "What happened, Mr. Spielberg?"