Chapter 369

Li Mu was not very good at catering to people's preferences. It was easy to go in the wrong direction when it came to buying gifts. However, with Su Yingxue's advice and guidance, Li Mu quickly picked some suitable gifts for his family.

He bought a couple's watch for his parents. Although Li Mu's current financial resources were considered solid, he did not buy a very exaggerated watch brand. He bought a pair of Omega couple's mechanical watches, which added up to about 40,000 yuan.

He bought some practical health care products for his grandparents and an ordinary laptop for his uncle's cousin. She was 18 years old this year. Although she had dropped out of school, she was now helping out in the family's wholesale department. Young people at this age should have already started to get in touch with computers and the Internet. Li Mu bought a computer for her to let her learn more things. Even if she could not learn, she could get in touch with more things and broaden her horizons.

As for that brat, Xiao Hao, Li Mu completely accepted Su Yingxue's suggestion and bought an imported remote-controlled car worth two to three thousand yuan. This remote-controlled car was no longer a toy, but a model. According to the salesperson, this was a 1: 10 model of a short truck imported from the United States. It was very high-end. It had a four-wheel drive with a differential lock and four independent suspension wheels. Whether it was speed or off-road ability, it was far better than ordinary remote-controlled toys.

Just as the two were shopping, Zhao Kang was lying on the bed in the dormitory bored. His head was still wrapped in gauze. His exaggerated appearance made him completely lose interest in going out. Almost everyone in the dormitory had left. Only his loyal follower, who was also his girlfriend Wang Jia's cousin, Wang Ke, was still accompanying him in the dormitory.

Because Zhao Kang had already told Wang Jia that he would drive her and Wang Ke back to their hometown first, Wang Ke was also waiting to leave with Zhao Kang tomorrow morning. He had been with Zhao Kang for the past two days. The main reason was that his sister told him to take good care of him. Although he did not need his care, he was still a wounded person. His attention was always focused on him.

They were leaving tomorrow. Wang Ke had been accompanying Zhao Kang in the dormitory today. Seeing that Zhao Kang had not brushed his teeth or washed his face since he woke up in the morning, lying on the lower bunk with a sloppy beard and a decadent look, he could not help but send a message to his cousin Wang Jia. "Sister, Brother Kang is very decadent now."

Wang Jia was packing in the dormitory. When she received this message, she hurriedly asked with concern, "What's wrong?"

"What else? He's just decadent. He hasn't brushed his teeth, washed his face, and didn't eat anything. He only drank a few mouthfuls of water and smoked a lot."

Wang Jia questioned, "Then why didn't you ask him to go out and eat!"

Wang Ke replied, "I'm innocent, sister. I asked him to go out and eat breakfast the moment I woke up, but he refused. He said it was too embarrassing to go out in the day. I said I would go buy some for him, but he said he had no appetite. He said he still had a bowl of instant noodles, and he could eat it when he was hungry at night."

Wang Jia was anxious. "How can he only eat a bowl of instant noodles a day!"

Wang Ke replied, "Who says it isn't? But I have no choice. You have to think of a solution for this. Why don't you come to our dormitory to see him?"

Wang Jia asked, "Is it appropriate for me to go?

Can I go in? "

Wang Ke quickly replied, "There's nothing inappropriate about it. Our school is on vacation, and basically no one cares about the male dormitory. I've seen a few girls swagger in these two days, and the dormitory manager can't even be bothered to ask."

Wang Jia asked again, "How many people are there in your dormitory?"

"No one." Wang Ke said, "It's just me and Brother Kang. We'll be leaving tomorrow morning."

Wang Jia said, "Alright then, I'll go over now. Come down and pick me up."

Wang Ke said, "Buy some food for Brother Kang. Once you're here, I'll go to the internet cafe to play. I'll let the two of you have some alone time."

Wang Jia didn't say much. She just said, "I'll go out now."

At that moment, Zhao Kang had no idea about Wang Ke and Wang Jia's text messages. He laid on the bed with a dispirited look on his face, feeling extremely frustrated.

Ever since he got beaten up, Zhao Kang had not been in a good mood. It wasn't that he couldn't take it lying down, but it was mainly because he was supposed to be with Wang Jia. But at the last moment, he had to leave the field due to an injury. This made him extremely depressed. Although he didn't give up on shooting, he was still injured. Because of the injury on his head, he didn't even have the mood to go out. He was even more unwilling to bring Wang Jia to a hotel to get a room and continue their relationship.

The most depressing thing was that he had to go home tomorrow. He really didn't know how to explain his current state to his parents. If the neighbors saw him, he would also be f * cking embarrassed, so the more he thought about it, the more frustrated he became.

Wang Jia came out of school and took a taxi straight to Zhao Kang's school. She bought some takeout food for him at the school gate, then carried the takeout box into the school. When she arrived at Zhao Kang's dormitory, she sent a text message to Wang Ke, asking him to come down and pick her up.

Wang Ke jumped out of bed and said to Zhao Kang, who looked like he was half dead on the lower bunk, "Brother Kang, I'm out of cigarettes. I'll go downstairs and buy a pack."

Zhao Kang took half a pack of Yuxi cigarettes from the bench beside him and threw it to him. "I have more here."

Wang Ke took the cigarettes and put them back on the bench beside the bed. He said, "This half a pack isn't enough for you to smoke. I'll go buy two more packs. Not only tonight, but tomorrow on the road."

Zhao Kang threw the wallet on the bench to him and said, "Then go buy a pack of soft Chunghwa."

Wang Ke was stunned. "You're buying such good cigarettes?"

Zhao Kang said, "That brother of mine smokes occasionally. He's the main driver tomorrow, so he'll probably smoke some too. He's not as rough as us, so it's better to buy something good."

Wang Ke nodded and didn't say much. He turned around and went downstairs. He could see a thing or two from Zhao Kang's attitude when he talked about Li Mu. Zhao Kang seemed to value that Li Mu a lot and even followed his orders to a certain extent. The last time Zhao Kang called everyone out to fight at night, it was also to help Li Mu. Wang Ke also went that day, and it could be seen that Li Mu wasn't a simple person.

The college that Zhao Kang and Wang Ke studied in was indeed not popular among the many universities in Beijing. The school's academic atmosphere was also a little loose and casual. The most obvious thing was that there was a small supermarket below every dorm building. These supermarkets sold cigarettes and alcohol, and the main consumer group was students.

Wang Ke went downstairs and saw Wang Jia standing outside the dorm building. He waved at her and said, "Sister, over here."

Wang Jia was a little nervous. She hesitated for a second or two before walking over to Wang Ke.

Wang Jia came to Wang Ke's side, still a little worried, afraid that the dorm manager would stop her and not let her in. However, Wang Ke calmly pointed at the supermarket behind the dorm manager's post and said to her, "Sister, wait for me. I'll go buy a pack of cigarettes."

With that, Wang Ke went into the small supermarket.

This small supermarket was opened by the dorm manager's wife. She usually sold cigarettes, alcohol, and snacks, and even had a washing machine to do laundry. The students spent three yuan a bucket to wash their clothes, and they used the school's water and electricity. It was almost a business without any cost, but the school was too lazy to care. Because the dorm manager's wife opened the store, he would purposely build a good relationship with the students in the dorm. He often bought things, and even if they didn't return home all day, he would turn a blind eye to it. For students like Zhao Kang who spent a lot in the small supermarket, the dorm manager would get up with a smile and open the door for him at one o 'clock at night.

Now that more than half of the people in the dorm were gone, the dorm manager was too lazy to worry. When he had nothing to do, he would watch TV in the small supermarket at the back, occasionally glancing outside to see what was going on. When he saw Wang Jia come in, he wanted to come out and ask her, but he saw Wang Ke greet her and then go straight to his small supermarket. He smiled and teased Wang Ke, "Little Wang, is that your girlfriend?"

"Brother Zhang, don't mess around." Wang Ke said, "That's my sister and cousin. We're grandma's."

The dorm manager immediately nodded and did not suspect anything. Wang Ke and Zhao Kang were his regular customers. If Wang Ke brought a girl into the dorm, he would not care, so there was no need for him to lie to him.

Wang Ke came to the counter and looked into the glass cabinet. He asked, "Brother Zhang, how many Soft Chunghwa cigarettes are left?"

The dorm manager smiled and said, "Not many. These cigarettes usually sell well before the winter break. They're all bought as gifts for teachers."

Wang Ke asked, "Is there enough for one?"

The dorm manager nodded. "Yes."

"Alright then, take it for me."

The dorm manager smiled and said, "Not bad, you've changed a gun for a cannon."

Wang Ke waved his hand. "Brother Kang took it."

After paying and taking the cigarettes, Wang Ke went out and called Wang Jia to go upstairs with him. The moment the dorm door opened, Zhao Kang did not even bat an eyelid. In his opinion, there was no one else but Wang Ke.

However, a familiar fragrance suddenly wafted into his nostrils. Zhao Kang subconsciously looked up and realized that Wang Jia was standing beside his bed like a gust of wind.

After a few seconds of shock, Zhao Kang flipped over and climbed out of bed, mumbling, "F * ck, why are you here?"

Wang Jia looked at Zhao Kang with a pained expression and said, "I missed you. I heard that you didn't eat properly, so I came to see you."

Zhao Kang turned his head and saw Wang Ke behind him. He cursed, "F * ck, you're too talkative!"

At this time, Wang Ke had already put on his down jacket. He placed the cigarettes and wallet at the head of Zhao Kang's bed and said with a cheeky smile, "Sis, Brother-in-law, you two have a good chat. I'll book a room at the Internet cafe."

Wang Jia subconsciously said, "Are you crazy? You're leaving early tomorrow morning and you're still going to book a room at the Internet cafe?"

Wang Ke laughed and said, "I don't know how to drive anyway. I'll just sleep in the car. I'll play for a night and sleep until I get home tomorrow morning. Isn't that great?"

Wang Jia thought about it and felt that what he said made sense.

Zhao Kang praised Wang Ke in his heart for having a good eye. He opened the pack of cigarettes he had just bought and threw two packs to him. He said, "Be back before seven in the morning."

After Wang Ke left, Zhao Kang got up and rushed into the bathroom to wash his face, brush his teeth, and shave …

When he came out, he looked like a new person. Wang Jia pointed at the food on the table and said, "Eat something first. It'll get cold if you wait any longer."

Zhao Kang stared at Wang Jia with his red eyes. In a moment of anger, he rushed forward and pushed her onto his bed.

The frustration and anger that Zhao Kang had accumulated for the past few days almost exploded at this moment. He missed the opportunity last time, and Wang Jia actually took the initiative to come to him today. If he didn't seize this opportunity well, he would really have to wait until school started.

Wang Jia didn't expect that Zhao Kang would do something like this right off the bat. However, she didn't resist at all. Instead, she actively catered to Zhao Kang's actions.

Zhao Kang quickly stripped Wang Jia clean and found a spot in a hurry. At the moment when he was about to step into the door, Zhao Kang suddenly flinched. His body froze, and he said to Wang Jia apologetically, "Jia Jia, I can't let you give your first time to me in a place like this. This place is too shabby. I'm sorry. When I come back after the New Year, we'll go to the hot spring hotel again. I'll definitely give you the most unforgettable first …"

Before he could finish speaking, Wang Jia suddenly propped herself up and hugged his neck. After a passionate kiss, she panted and said in Zhao Kang's ear, "I don't want to wait until after the New Year. I want to give it to you, and I want to give it to you now. This place isn't shabby at all. This is where you've slept for half a year. I want to give it to you here …"

Zhao Kang was touched. The image of the girl in front of him seemed to have instantly become the most beautiful face in the world. With Wang Jia like this, what reason did he have to retreat?