Chapter 532

Chen Tong had always been curious about Li Mu. Ever since Sina incorporated the former QQ development team, Chen Tong had been following Makino Technology's every move. He was worried that Li Mu would attack Sina before Sina UC was launched, and Sina's biggest target was the portal.

Makino Technology's YY123 traffic continued to rise. With the support of the YY user system and cloud records, YY123's traffic had surpassed Hao123. Chen Tong had been worried that Li Mu would use the navigation website to take revenge on Sina, but after so many days, he did not see any movement from Makino Technology. It was not until Taobao went offline that Chen Tong realized that Li Mu had been focusing on this recently.

Chen Tong asked Liu Yidong, "You should be familiar with Li Mu now. What kind of person do you think Li Mu is?"

Liu Yidong smiled and said, "Genius, a rare genius."

Chen Tong nodded and said, "In such a short period of time, he has promoted so many projects, and every project has developed very quickly. He is indeed a genius in the Internet field."

Then, Chen Tong asked him, "What do you think of this person's character?"

"Character?" Liu Yidong laughed and said, "Why are you asking this?

Actually, Li Mu is a very principled person, and he can distinguish between friends and foes. He treats the people around him very well, and he is definitely a good person. But he is very cruel to his enemies. Everyone who stands in his way or tries to stop him is basically treated as his enemy, and he is ruthless in his competition. Look at Teng Xun. Half a year ago, many people still thought that Teng Xun would become one of the top Internet companies in the country. "

Liu Xiaodong's words had a hidden meaning. Although Teng Xun had now completely abandoned the instant messaging business, Sina picked up the business that Teng Xun had abandoned at this time, and it happened to compete head-on with the core products of Muye Technology. Liu Xiaodong's words also reminded Chen Tong that in the current situation, Li Mu would definitely regard Sina as a strong opponent.

Chen Tong also understood what Liu Yidong meant, and he was not surprised. Although he had not interacted with Li Mu before, he could tell from Li Mu's actions that he will definitely make a move against Sina. The question is, what is he planning against Sina?

There were not many Taobao's operations department, only about 30 people. Everyone sat in the meeting room, and Liu Yidong led them to welcome Chen Tong, who had come to train them.

Chen Tong stood at the front of the conference room. After greeting everyone with a smile, he said humbly, "I'm not here to give a lecture today. I'm mainly here to share some of my personal views on Internet content with everyone."

As he spoke, Chen Tong opened his PowerPoint and pointed at the three sections on the projector. "I personally feel that there are three sections that are the most important in the Internet era. They are: traffic, channels, and content.

"There is no difference between Sina and Taobao in essence. Both of them are doing website products, so website traffic is very important. Traffic is the foundation of a website, and it is one of the decisive factors for a website's revenue. Therefore, its importance goes without saying.

"Channels refer to all the paths and media that allow a website to come into contact with its users. For example, although Sina has a lot of traffic in domestic portals, a considerable part of its traffic is brought in by major third-party channels. For example, users see our short links on Hao123 or our news advertisements, and they jump from Hao123 to our website. For example, users search for a page on Sina through Baidu's keyword search. For example, we exchange links with some other websites, and users from other websites visit Sina through these links.

"Content refers to the most basic things that we provide to our users. For example, the domestic and foreign political news, sports, entertainment, finance, real estate, and other related information that Sina provides to its users. Also, the various categories of products sold on Taobao are also available.

Chen Tong briefly introduced the three sections. At this time, he did not notice that a young man wearing black casual pants and a white T-shirt came in from the other end of the meeting room. This person was Li Mu.

At this time, Chen Tong said, "Right now in the Internet industry, everyone is promoting two core ideas. One is traffic is king, and the other is channel is king. In fact, in the end, the Internet still focuses on traffic, which is what we call UV and PV. This idea is not wrong, because traffic is the most direct way for a website to make money. Currently, advertising revenue accounts for more than 80% of Sina's revenue. The higher the traffic, the more expensive the advertising resources."

Speaking up to this point, Chen Tong changed the topic and said, "However, I personally think that the Internet industry will eventually enter an era where content is king. I'm not saying that traffic and channel are not important. I'm just saying that if we temporarily put aside the shackles of traffic and channel to analyze the problem, the reason is actually very simple. The better the content you provide to your users, the more users your website will have, and then naturally, the higher the retention rate of your users. In this way, with the support of various operational methods, the website's users will continue to accumulate, and in the end, you will still get a large amount of traffic."

"When we started Sina, we realized that when Internet users pay attention to the news, what they want is not the same content as the various news programs and the major newspapers. News programs are limited by the length and broadcast cycle, and it is difficult for them to continuously report on a single section of news. Although the sections of newspapers are detailed and the content is very rich, their timeliness is even lower. The latest news delivery cycle is at least one day apart. Moreover, both of these news models are limited by the long production cycle and the high production cost, so the timeliness is even worse. Their ability to provide timely feedback on important news is very weak."

"For ordinary users, news programs and newspapers can already satisfy their pursuit of news, but for Internet users, they are used to efficiency and high speed. For them, the timeliness of news programs and newspapers is somewhat unbearable. For example, last year, when the world was shocked by the 911 incident, all kinds of news were overwhelming, but the timeliness and the lack of continuity were the biggest problems. Users were extremely concerned about this incident, so much so that they hoped to get the latest developments every few minutes.

Although at that time, CCTV also had scrolling text alerts at the bottom, their display method was one-way. Users could not customize the query and accept the content they wanted. Therefore, on Sina, we launched a rolling news 7 * 24 hours, using the fastest frequency to refresh the latest developments of the incident. When users pay attention to the 911 incident on Sina, they can see a complete news record in minutes. From the moment the incident occurred to the current latest news, the entire development of the incident will be sorted out very clearly on Sina. This is something that other websites do not have. "

"It is precisely because we have such fast, comprehensive, accurate, and objective content that Sina's traffic continues to increase, and the number of users continues to increase. This is the biggest reason for Sina's success."

Next, Chen Tong explained some more in-depth understanding of the content level to everyone. Li Mu, who was in the audience, listened quietly, and it can be said that he partially agreed with Chen Tong's views.

The internet world will go through a series of eras where XX is king. Not only traffic and channels are king, but content, products and models, ecology, and closed-loop are also the hot words in the internet industry. In the end, the internet will not choose to settle down at a certain level. There will be a clear division of functions and fields. In the integrated and vertical portal field, and in the internet pan-entertainment field, the content will be king. But in instant messaging, e-commerce, O2O, and other big fields, the platform will be king. In the computer security and various vertical software fields, the product will be king.

Chen Tong was born in the field of content, so it is inevitable that he will over-deify the role of content. He has this characteristic, and he can make Sina great. But if he is asked to make 360 Security Guard with this characteristic, even if he is given a full set of product ideas, he might not even be able to produce 10 million installations. If he is asked to make WeChat in the era of the mobile internet, he will definitely be killed by others. If he is asked to make a smartphone, it will be even worse. If he is given the idea of Apple, he might end up making a Kindle.

However, Li Mu also understood very well that professional high-end talents are paranoid, so there are very few well-rounded high-end talents. The more paranoid a person is in a certain aspect, the more likely they are to achieve the best in that aspect. But if he is asked to make other aspects, the results will probably be worse than the average person.

In the middle of Chen Tong's speech, he inadvertently noticed Li Mu sitting at the back of the conference room. He had read the relevant report on 3321 before, so he recognized Li Mu at a glance. He did not expect Li Mu to appear here, which made him a little surprised on stage. Fortunately, he adjusted himself very quickly and quickly returned to his PowerPoint presentation.

Li Mu sat in the conference room and listened to Chen Tong's speech until the end. After Chen Tong finished, he and the others stood up and applauded for Chen Tong's wonderful speech. Chen Tong had clearly conveyed the importance of content on the internet to all the employees present, and everyone felt that they had learned a lot. Liu Xiaodong walked to Chen Tong and said, "Senior Chen, I will be leaving later. Li Mu wants to treat you to dinner tonight. There are no other people, just the three of us from the National People's Congress."

Chen Tong was even more surprised.

He did not expect Li Mu to want to poach him, because he still does not know about Li Mu's plans to build his own web portal. He instinctively felt that there was a huge gap between him and Li Mu. Why did Li Mu come to listen to his speech and even want to treat him to dinner?

Could it be that he wants to use this opportunity to get some information about Sina?

Or is he trying to convey some information to Sina through me?

After some thought, Chen Tong nodded his head and said, "Then I'll respectfully accept."