Chapter 534

Hearing that Ning Hao had already found a director for the campus film, Li Mu couldn't help but ask him, "Who is the suitable candidate?"

Ning Hao said, "I had dinner with Chen Kun a couple of days ago. He said that he took on a TV series and it will be released in two months. It's a collaboration with Lin Xinru, a Taiwanese actress. The director is called Teng Huatao, who is also my senior in the film school. Although he isn't famous now, he has a good grasp of contemporary urban emotions. I think he should meet your requirements."

When Li Mu heard Teng Huatao's name, he felt it was very familiar. Thinking about it carefully, Teng Huatao did seem to have directed a lot of youth romance films. Dwelling Snail, The Age of Naked Marriage, and 33 Days of Heartbreak were all very popular youth romance films in his previous life. In this aspect, Teng Huatao should be able to handle the "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years" movie.

So Li Mu asked him, "Have you established contact with him?"

Ning Hao said, "I talked to him and asked if he has any intention of shooting a youth romance film. He said that he doesn't have any schedule for the next half of the year, but the key is to look at the script first."

Li Mu said, "Okay, keep in contact with him. I'll take some time to sort out the script."

The original novel of "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years" seemed to have only a few hundred thousand words. If it was written into a script, it would probably only be a few tens of thousands of words. Moreover, the plot was all in his head, so he didn't need to think too much about it. With Li Mu's years of coding, he could write it out at most in a week.

Ning Hao said, "Then when your script is out, I'll ask him to meet up and have a chat."

"Okay."

Li Mu reminded him, "By the way, don't forget what I told you last time. In the film 'Thief among Thieves', you have to give the role of the gangster boss's girlfriend to Tang Wei. Try to make her character more outstanding."

"I know."

Ning Hao said, "I've adjusted the script and increased the role of this character. It should be more outstanding."

Li Mu asked him again, "Have you decided on the role of the funniest thief?"

Ning Hao said, "I have a few candidates in mind. Two of them are relatively famous B-list actors, but I'm most inclined to an unknown actor."

Li Mu asked with interest, "Not famous?

Who is it? "

Ning Hao smiled and asked him, "Have you ever seen a low-budget movie called 'Get in the Car, Let's Go'?"

When Li Mu heard about Crazy Stone, he was overjoyed. It seemed that Ning Hao had been preparing for Crazy Stone for many years. He had already paid attention to Huang Bo. Li Mu had thought that Huang Bo was too unknown and Ning Hao might not have thought of him and needed his guidance.

So Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I've seen the film you're talking about. It's directed by Guan Hu. It was broadcast on the movie channel."

Ning Hao said happily, "I'm inclined to choose the actor who plays the core role of the thief. His name is Huang Bo, a very unique actor."

Li Mu said, "I have an impression of him. This actor is really unique and suitable for this role. Let's choose him."

"Great!

I was afraid that you wouldn't be happy if I said it. "

Li Mu asked him, "Why wouldn't I be happy?"

Ning Hao said, "You've always said that you want to use a famous actor. This actor's fame is too small. I thought you had never heard of him and his works …"

Li Mu said, "If you have any suitable candidates, let me know. We can discuss it. Except for Liu Tianwang, we can talk about the others. You can use any actor you think is suitable as long as they meet the needs of the role. But I have to remind you that it's better to sign a contract with the actor and sign him to our Makino Image."

Ning Hao breathed a sigh of relief. "Okay, don't worry."

Then he said with some embarrassment, "Boss, can you assign a few business and public relations people to Makino Image? When I start to prepare for the establishment of the group, I won't have time to pay attention to other things."

Li Mu said, "I'll send a personnel officer to set up the daily maintenance and operation team. You can rest assured and prepare for your movie in the future."

Ning Hao said happily, "That's great!"

…

Li Mu did not have many annual plans for Makino Image. In terms of products, there were only two movies, one was "Crazy Stone" and the other was "The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years". The core purpose of these two movies was to make Makino Image stand firm in the film and television industry. In addition to this goal, there were some additional goals for the two movies. For example, the first one was to help Ning Hao and promote Huang Bo and Tang Wei in advance. The other one was to help Du Wei reach a higher level and give Wang Xinran a chance to appear on screen.

Although Du Wei had only acted in one micro movie, released three singles, and appeared on the Happy Camp once, her popularity was no less than that of the A-list stars. Even Li Mu did not expect that she was also quite popular in Hong Kong. Otherwise, the Hong Kong foundation would not have invited her as a special guest. This was a very good sign, which proved that Du Wei was becoming more and more famous. It would not be long before she would not only be popular in the mainland, but also become a superstar in the Chinese world.

To Li Mu, Du Wei was the future top star of Makino Image. She was the face of the company's female artists, and Li Mu had to do everything he could to make her the most popular female artist in the company. This would also greatly improve Mu Ye's impression of her. Therefore, the next step was not only to prepare a big movie for her, but also to use the resources of YY to increase her exposure.

Li Mu knew that Dufy had been back in China for a few days, but he had been busy with Taobao recently and did not have time to ask her out. He had arranged for Du Wei, and after Du Wei agreed, Li Mu still wanted to confirm with Dufy out of respect.

Li Mu wanted to settle Du Wei's endorsement deal as soon as possible and then continue to fight with Sina. So, Li Mu did not hesitate to call Du Wei and ask her to ask her sister out this weekend.

Dufy's phone was noisy, and she said loudly. "Brother Li Mu, my sister and I are at SugarClub. My sister is asking if you want to come over. Brother Chen Ze is there too."

Li Mu was stunned. He thought to himself that Chen Ze's progress was really fast. Du Fei had just come back, and he was already asking her to go to a nightclub?

Seems like it won't take long. Why should I go and join in the fun when other people are chasing after girls? Just when I was about to refuse, I changed my mind. Chen Ze asked Du Fei out, but Du Fei also brought along Du Wei, the little third wheel. Even if I go, I won't affect his good time. Maybe I can even help him get rid of Du Wei, the little third wheel.

So, Li Mu said to Du Wei. "Wait for me for a while. I will go over now."

Half an hour later, Li Mu hailed a cab to SugarClub. In Chen Ze's private room, he met Dufy, who had just returned from the US and was still jet-lagged.

Li Mu greeted Dufy, and Chen Ze teased Li Mu. "You haven't even called us recently. We are still waiting for you to meet up before we start work."

Li Mu said, "Then why didn't you call me?"

Chen Ze said, "I know you must be crazy busy recently, so I waited for you to finish your work first."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If there is anything in the future, just call me directly. No matter how busy we are, we have to push forward our work as soon as possible."

After that, Li Mu said to Dufy, "I have been wanting to discuss something with you. Xiaowei has signed a contract with me. I want her to do a large-scale commercial endorsement. What do you think?"

Dufy asked curiously, "What endorsement?"

Li Mu said, "Endorsing the full range of Makino Technology's products. Of course, it will be mainly for YY."

Dufy's eyes widened in surprise. "Endorsing the full range of products?

You want Xiaowei to be the spokesperson of Makino Technology? "

Li Mu nodded. "That's what I mean. What do you think?"

Dufy laughed and asked Li Mu, "First, tell me how much you will pay her for the endorsement."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Name your price."

Dufy smiled and said seriously, "Xiaowei is now a signed artist of your company. You can decide this kind of thing. In the future, as long as Xiaowei has no objection, I won't interfere. You can make all the decisions."

Li Mu was slightly stunned and said with a smile, "Are you going to give me the power?

Are you really so relieved? "

Dufy nodded and glanced at Du Wei. She said lovingly, "You have done more for her than I thought. How can I not be relieved? Besides, I will be an employee of your company in the future. Not only will my sister's affairs be decided by you, but also my own affairs will be decided by you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Since you've put it that way, then I won't stand on ceremony. YY's current registered users have exceeded 100 million, and the actual number of users is more than 60 million. It can be said to be the most powerful internet platform in the country right now. If Xiaowei is tied to YY, her exposure will increase exponentially, and it will greatly improve her future development. As for the endorsement fee, I think we should set it at 5 million a year."

It was certainly impossible for Du Wei's current value to reach five million yuan in endorsement fee, but for Makino Technology, it was not a small amount of money.

After hearing the price, Du Wei was so scared that she waved her hands repeatedly. In her opinion, if Brother Li Mu, whom she admired the most, asked her to endorse, as long as her sister nodded, she would agree immediately. Moreover, helping her voluntarily was a way to repay Li Mu. How could she ask for his money?

Although five million yuan was nothing to Dufy, she was a little surprised by Li Mu's offer. She said hurriedly, "I'm joking with you. Don't take it seriously. We let Xiaowei enter the entertainment circle not to make money, but to let her realize her dream. To be honest, the best a star can earn is just a little money. Our family really doesn't care about that. We will hand Xiaowei over to you. Your only responsibility is to let her develop healthily in the entertainment circle. On this principle, the further she goes, the better.