Chapter 1332

The filming of the public service advertisement was very simple. Li Mu stood in front of the camera and went through the four lines that he had set in four segments. After passing each line, he filmed a complete clip of the four lines being placed in a single line for the director. After that, he completed his task. The whole process took less than ten minutes.

However, Li Mu knew very well that the following interview with Sun Junyi was the most important reason why Mother Yang had invited him over.

He sat opposite Sun Junyi in the studio. Sun Junyi first narrated the various efforts that Li Mu and his two companies had made in the process of fighting against SARS. At the same time, he represented Mother Yang and gave a very positive evaluation of Li Mu's actions. After that, it was time for Sun Junyi to ask questions.

Faced with every question that Sun Junyi asked, Li Mu answered them very naturally.

Sun Junyi asked him, "Li Zong, what do you think of the SARS epidemic?"

Li Mu answered, "I think that SARS is just a small interlude in our development process. For tens of thousands of years, diseases have been the eternal opponent of mankind in the process of development. No matter how much mankind develops, it is impossible to completely eliminate diseases. Encountering a new type of disease is really not something new in the history of human development. Our current medical standards have greatly improved compared to the past few decades, so I think that SARS will not really become a widespread disease."

Sun Junyi then asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, in your opinion, can this epidemic be overcome quickly?"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "I believe in the strength of the country and the unity of the people. At the same time, I also believe in science, in our medical and scientific researchers. Compared to the various epidemic diseases in recent years, such as avian influenza, mad cow disease, and Ebola virus, the damage caused by SARS is obviously much weaker than these infectious diseases. Therefore, I believe that it will not be long before we can overcome this epidemic. Maybe in three months, at most half a year, we can achieve the final victory."

Sun Junyi then asked, "Li Zong, some time ago, Makino Technology and Taobao jointly donated a large number of epidemic prevention materials to the health department and the transportation department. This included tens of millions of high-level protective masks, a large number of protective clothing, disinfection equipment, and temperature detection equipment. I would like to ask you, what made you decide to donate such a large amount of money?"

Li Mu replied, "When the epidemic broke out, the whole society more or less fell into a state of panic. However, in my opinion, most of the people in society are not in any substantial danger for the time being. The fundamental reason to ensure that they are not in any substantial danger for the time being is the efforts and contributions of a large number of frontline medical workers."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "From the statistics we have, all the cities where the SARS epidemic has been found have not seen a large-scale spread. This is because our medical workers have isolated the confirmed cases and suspected cases for treatment. They have exposed themselves to the most dangerous environment and used their flesh and blood to build a strong wall between the virus and the people. My company and I have the responsibility and obligation to provide help to these medical workers as much as we can. At present, I believe that what they need most is materials that can enhance their personal protection, so we decided to donate this batch of materials to them. If there is a need for related materials in the future, we will continue to donate more to them."

Sun Junyi praised, "Li Zong has always been one of the most socially responsible entrepreneurs in the private enterprises in China. We have received feedback from a large number of medical units. This batch of materials you donated has been delivered to the hands of all frontline medical workers in the shortest time possible, and it has provided them with very good security. Here, on behalf of the medical workers in the country, I would like to thank you and your two companies for your care and contribution."

Li Mu said humbly, "All of this is what we should do."

Sun Junyi continued, "During this epidemic, your Taobao website has received unanimous praise from the people in the country. When the epidemic was first announced, the prices of epidemic prevention related materials all over the country skyrocketed. Many merchants with ulterior motives increased the price of goods that were originally only worth a few yuan to tens or even hundreds of yuan. However, your Taobao website was able to stabilize the prices in the shortest time possible. This also allowed many people in the country who do not understand Taobao or do not understand online shopping to understand Taobao website, the Internet, and e-commerce better. Then, I would like to ask you, in your opinion, what kind of changes will the Internet and e-commerce bring to consumers in the future, and why can they bring about the changes you expect?"

This question was a free mark in the truest sense of the word.

This was also why Li Mu had always been grateful to Mother Yang. From the moment he was exposed, Mother Yang had taken good care of him. She had always reported on him and his entrepreneurial projects from an absolutely positive angle, establishing a strong foundation for him. Now, Mother Yang had deliberately arranged such a question in the interview. It was simply giving him a chance to advertise for Taobao website. This advertisement was more effective than any hard publicity.

In order to seize this good opportunity, Li Mu answered especially seriously, "I think, in the near future, e-commerce will become the mainstream consumption channel of the urban population, and in ten years, it will cover most of the rural population. At the same time, e-commerce will also expand from the current national scope to the future global scope!"

"As for why I expect this, there are many reasons. In the early days of the Internet in the field of information interaction, it created a virtual world without distance and barriers for all humans. However, what the Internet can do is far more than just a virtual world. E-commerce is an organic combination of the Internet and the real world.

In real life, consumers' feet and legs are long, so the distance they can walk every day for shopping is very limited. Most people's daily consumption range is not beyond a five-kilometer radius with their home as the center. People living in a first-tier city may have a daily consumption range of fifteen kilometers, but this is already the limit of daily consumption in real life. If a person's daily consumption needs to be fifteen kilometers or even more than twenty kilometers away from home, then this person's consumption experience is definitely very tiring. However, in the field of e-commerce, consumers' feet and legs are completely free.

However, in the field of e-commerce, the consumer's feet and legs have been completely liberated. They can enjoy 9.6 million square kilometers of consumption at home without leaving their homes. We can place all the products in the country in front of them and let them sit in front of the computer and choose whatever they like. Through online selection, online payment, and offline delivery, users can buy products from all over the country and even the world at home. This kind of consumption style and experience change is absolutely revolutionary. I believe that any consumer who has experienced online shopping will completely fall in love with this new way of shopping. I also believe that in the near future, e-commerce will completely change the consumption habits of consumers in the country. "

Sun Junyi nodded and said, "We have interviewed many Taobao online consumers. Their evaluation of the online shopping experience is indeed as you said. This is an unprecedented and subversive new experience. In the past, the way of shopping was to arrange the time in advance, tidy up, go to the shopping destination, and then go to the various stores to choose the products they like. But now, everyone only needs to sit at home and move the mouse, and they can browse the products from all over the country, including Vientiane. When they see something they like, they just need to place an order and pay, and the product will be delivered to their doorstep in a day or two. This kind of experience change is indeed revolutionary. I believe that this SARS epidemic has made more consumers fully feel the different consumption methods of e-commerce."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Taobao and Taobao Logistics will definitely work harder in the future to provide a more secure, more affordable, and more convenient shopping experience for consumers all over the country."

Then, Sun Junyi asked the fifth question, "Li Zong, whether it is Taobao's use of a large amount of inventory to stabilize the prices this time, or your large donations to the health and transportation departments, these actions all represent a huge reserve of supplies. In recent days, many netizens on the Internet have been curious. SARS has only just broken out. Before this, it only appeared in a small area in Guangdong Province, and at that time, the various departments did not pay enough attention to SARS. Why did you start preparing such a large batch of supplies a few months ago?

Is it really as those netizens say, that you have the ability to predict the future? "

Li Mu smiled slightly and said indifferently, "I am a human being, not a god, so I definitely don't have the ability to predict the future. As for why I started preparing this batch of supplies two or three months in advance, this question is also a long one. But since many netizens are very interested, I will tell you."

"A few months ago, Makino Technology launched the online movie ticket sales system. After the launch of this product, Mr. Spielberg, the director and founder of DreamWorks Animation, was very eager to cooperate with Makino Technology to develop the ticket system in the United States. At that time, we were also communicating about the script of" Flying Tigers, "so he brought a well-known American actress, Anne Hathaway, who is also one of the female leads of" Flying Tigers, "to China.

"At that time, I happened to be busy with the Taobao Logistics distribution center project in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province. You should also remember that we launched the first set of Taobao Logistics automatic sorting system there. I attached great importance to this matter, so I was always in Shenzhen City during that time. Spielberg and Anne Hathaway also met me in Shenzhen City to discuss the specific details of the cooperation.

At that time, there were already some rumors in Shenzhen City that there was a relatively serious infectious disease in the local area. Although the rumors were not confirmed, many people were rushing to buy masks and disinfectants. There were also rumors that Isatis indigotica and white vinegar were also very effective in containing infectious diseases. So at that time, some people drove up the prices, but it was far less outrageous than later.

"I was in Shenzhen City at that time, so I didn't pay too much attention to these rumors. However, a few days later, Miss Anne suddenly had a high fever and was hospitalized. After contacting the medical staff at that time, I found out that there was indeed a new, unconfirmed infectious disease in the local area. Miss Anne had a high fever for several days, and her condition was very critical. Although it was later confirmed that her high fever was not an infectious disease, this matter still brought me a lot of shock. Combined with some of the rumors in the local market and the situation of the inflated prices, I felt that it was necessary for me to prepare for the worst. If this infectious disease was really serious and spreading, what could my company and I do for society to alleviate the harm brought by this infectious disease?"

After thinking about it carefully, I decided to start from two aspects. On one hand, I stocked up a large number of conventional epidemic prevention materials in advance to prevent illegal peddlers from taking the opportunity to inflate prices if the epidemic really broke out. On the other hand, the most important thing to control the epidemic was to prevent healthy people from being infected, and the medical staff were in charge of this work. Therefore, I had the idea of stocking up some medical epidemic prevention materials and equipment in advance. It just so happened that I went to the United States during that time, and I have a friend who is familiar with manufacturers in this field. So, I negotiated a more favorable price with the manufacturer and ordered a batch of materials and equipment in advance, just in case. I didn't expect it to really come in handy. "

This was also the first time that Sun Junyi had heard Li Mu's direct answer. After listening to it, he was completely surprised. He knew that Li Mu had indeed stayed in Guangdong Province for a long time, and he also knew that Spielberg and Anne Hathaway had indeed made a special trip to Shenzhen to meet him to discuss cooperation. However, he did not expect that Anne Hathaway was also sick. He did not doubt the authenticity of what Li Mu said, because this kind of thing could be verified by the medical unit in Shenzhen. He was just a little scared. Fortunately, Anne Hathaway was not infected with SARS at that time. Otherwise, if the news of an international movie star being infected with SARS in Hua Xia was exposed, the impact on the international image would be really immeasurable.

In addition, Sun Junyi was also amazed by Li Mu's courage in his heart. He was able to deduce the possibility of an epidemic from some clues or some uncertain clues and invest more than one billion yuan to stock up all kinds of materials. He was completely not worried that these materials would be ruined because of his wrong deduction. This kind of courage was probably something that no domestic entrepreneur, except for Li Mu, could do.

Thinking of this, Sun Junyi could not help but ask a question that was not within the scope of their previous communication. "Li Zong, you only rely on these clues and have the courage to invest one billion yuan or even two billion yuan in preventive measures. Aren't you worried about the huge losses that you will face if your deduction is wrong?"

Li Mu smiled confidently and said with an indifferent expression, "I'm not worried about my deduction being wrong at all. There are two reasons. First, if my deduction is wrong and there is no epidemic, it will be a good thing for society. Why should I worry?

Second, Taobao was already very large at that time. I can use a large part or even all of this batch of materials through Taobao. Even if there is a loss, it can't be a total loss. At most, it will be a loss of a few hundred million yuan. As a businessman, I naturally have the preparation to face a loss. A few hundred million yuan is nothing to me and my enterprise. I think it's worth it to exchange a potential loss of a few hundred million yuan for the whole society in exchange for insurance. "

As he said this, Li Mu looked at Sun Junyi and said to him with a smile, "Speaking of which, anyone who starts a business has courage. I'm just a little more courageous than the average person, and this matter is far from the most courageous thing I've ever done."

Sun Junyi's attention was quickly diverted by Li Mu. He curiously asked the second question that was not within the scope of their previous communication. "Then Li Zong, may I ask what is the most courageous thing you've done so far?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Makino Technology's C round of financing brought in 3.3 billion US dollars in cash. After the money arrived, I allocated more than 2 billion US dollars, which is more than 20 billion yuan, to one thing. Do you know what it is?"

Sun Junyi's eyes widened as he shook his head.

Li Mu said, "I used more than 20 billion yuan to build a number of data processing centers all over the world. Now, the first phase of this plan has been realized. Therefore, Makino Technology can support tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions, of people logging into YY, chatting, video calling, transferring data, sending and receiving emails, and browsing YY portals. At the same time, we can support tens of millions of people playing Paradise Town and Plants vs Zombies Online at the same time.

In the future, our data processing centers will be able to support tens of millions of people playing large-scale online games, watching high-definition videos, and making high-quality video and voice calls at the same time. Even further in the future, we will not only provide such support for ourselves, but also for countless internet companies all over the world. This is our data service business. This business itself will not be profitable for the next few years, but I predict that it will be worth the money and will have great potential. Therefore, we invested 20 billion in it. Do you think I'm worried that the 20 billion will go down the drain? "

Sun Junyi came back to his senses and sighed, "After listening to you, I believe you won't be worried."