Chapter 619

After Li Mu's Double Support Fund plan was conveyed by Du Wei's mother, it immediately aroused the interest of Du Wei's uncle, who was in the army.

Du Wei's uncle was Shi Xuesong, a division commander in the Yan Jing Military Region. He was once the captain of the most prestigious Divine Sword Brigade in the army. The Divine Sword Brigade grew and developed under his leadership. Although he was now a division commander, the Divine Sword Brigade was still under his control.

Because Shi Xuesong had been in charge of the Divine Sword Brigade for many years, he had seen many businessmen who hoped to exchange for the demobilized soldiers of the Divine Sword Brigade through the Double Support Fund. He was also happy to be a "professional special forces soldier". In his own words, exporting demobilized soldiers to the society could not only exchange benefits for the army, but also give demobilized soldiers a high-paying job opportunity. Why not?

At present, once the demobilized soldiers of the Divine Sword Brigade entered the society to work as private bodyguards, the basic salary would start from at least ten thousand yuan, and some could even get an annual salary of one million yuan. For a pragmatic soldier like Shi Xuesong who wholeheartedly cared about the soldiers under his command, this was the most practical thing.

There were many enterprises that had established a Double Support relationship with the Yan Jing Military Region and hung the signboard of the military-civilian joint construction unit. However, none of the enterprises really did anything practical. Most of the enterprises engaged in the Double Support and the military-civilian joint construction to fish for fame and praise, and they would never really invest in it. Basically, they would donate some money through the Double Support Office of the local civil affairs department, or donate supplies to the army on holidays. Most of the supplies were grain, oil, food, and daily necessities. Although this kind of spirit was very encouraging, for the army with a huge military budget, it was actually just icing on the cake. It was more meaningful than practical, and it could not solve any real problems.

Different from these Double Support enterprises, Li Mu's Double Support Fund directly bypassed these formalistic contents. Instead of focusing on the army and active soldiers, it focused on the families of martyrs and disabled soldiers. In the view of Du Wei's uncle, this was the real meaningful thing.

As for Li Mu's selfishness in wanting a bodyguard, Shi Xuesong felt that it was completely understandable. Moreover, Li Mu had always taken good care of his most beloved niece, Du Wei. Even if he did not propose to set up the Dual Support Fund, Shi Xuesong would still help as much as he could. This was a friendship, a friendship where "if you respect me, I will respect you".

Therefore, Shi Xuesong readily agreed to this matter. Regardless of whether Li Mu's Double Support Fund would do it or not, he could first arrange for three active soldiers of the Divine Sword Brigade to be his personal bodyguards.

Although it was not allowed in principle to arrange for active members to go out to work, the entire army knew the special nature of the Divine Sword Brigade. This kind of operation was also tacitly approved by the army leaders.

The Divine Sword Brigade had to replace new blood every year. Normally, there would be more than a dozen new recruits selected from various military departments every year, and there would be an equal number of old people who would leave. Basically, it was determined according to the number of years of service. Therefore, there was no need for the brigade to announce the list of which batch of veterans would be eliminated this year.

Now, this batch of veterans who were about to leave the Divine Sword Brigade had no combat tasks at all, and their training tasks were also reduced to the minimum. They were also relatively free, so at this time, these people were generally busy doing two things: continue to stay in the army, or retire.

If they wanted to stay in the army, their next step would definitely be to return to the grass-roots troops. The soldiers who graduated from the Divine Sword Brigade would basically be crazily recruited by the grass-roots troops. Snatching them back to be instructors could effectively improve the combat quality of the soldiers. Therefore, most of them were now considering which company they should join after they graduated from the Divine Sword Brigade.

Those who wanted to retire from the army had already started to prepare for it. Some were ready to go back to their places to find jobs, while some wanted to stay in Yanjing to work hard. It was not difficult for them to stay in Yanjing because they knew that the former Commander Shi, who was now Commander Shi, liked to arrange jobs for the retired members of the Divine Sword Brigade. Moreover, the jobs he arranged were high-paying and well-treated. If they stayed in Yanjing to work hard for a few years, they could often earn hundreds of thousands of yuan. In this era, it was definitely a high salary.

The jobs that Shi Xuesong arranged for Li Mu were the veterans who were about to retire and wanted to stay in Yanjing to work hard. And he only made two requests to Li Mu through his sister: First, do not let the veterans who graduated from the Divine Sword Brigade engage in any illegal activities; Second, give the veterans of the Divine Sword Brigade an annual salary of at least 200,000 yuan, and have enough accident insurance.

After receiving the reply from her mother, Dufy immediately called Li Mu and told him about her uncle's reply. Li Mu was overjoyed and immediately said that he would definitely comply with these two requests. The salary would start from 20,000 yuan per person per month, and the accident insurance would be insured at the level of one million yuan.

After Li Mu verbally agreed to these two requests from Shi Xuesong, he quickly came up with a set of specific implementation plans for the fund. First of all, it was for the relatives of the martyrs who died. The fund would provide pension subsidies to the immediate relatives of the martyrs who died, such as: wife, children, and parents. Each of them could receive the same monthly subsidy according to the average salary level of the government of the place where their household registration was located. Different from the minimum living security level, the real average salary level would be enough to meet all the expenses of daily life. The period of this subsidy was ten years. In addition, if the children were still studying, the fund would be responsible for their tuition and miscellaneous expenses until they went to college.

For the disabled soldiers, the fund would pay the disabled soldiers the same salary according to the local average salary level. At the same time, it would fully refer to the disability level and corresponding disability compensation set by the government. The fund would also pay the amount that the government compensated every year. The subsidy period was also ten years.

The implementation standard of the entire fund was set very high, especially the subsidy for the relatives of the martyrs who died. The standard was several times higher than that of the state. However, Li Mu felt that it was reasonable. Human life was priceless. If a soldier died for the country, it was understandable to give perfect protection to his relatives. Moreover, after Li Mu formulated the implementation plan of the fund, it did not refer to serving the soldiers who died or were disabled after the establishment of the fund, but all the soldiers who died or were disabled in the past five years.

However, this fund only served the Sword God Brigade. A brigade of more than a thousand people was amazing, and the real combat personnel were only a few hundred. With the revenue scale of Makino Technology, supporting such a fund was only a drop in the bucket. Of course, out of blessing for the soldiers, Li Mu also hoped that the fund's expenditure would be as little as possible.

Li Mu entrusted Dufy to help him transfer the implementation standard to Shi Xuesong. According to Dufy's feedback, Shi Xuesong was very satisfied after seeing Li Mu's written implementation standard. As for the follow-up matters, he promised to arrange as soon as possible.

…

The next day, Li Mu went to Makino Technology. As soon as he sat down in the office, Lin Ching-ah heard the news and came over. She handed two forms to Li Mu.

Line by line, the names, contact information, companies, and positions of at least fifty people were written on the two forms.

Li Mu roughly glanced at them. Not only were there senior executives of well-known venture capital companies, but there were also many well-known investors. Li Mu couldn't help but exclaim, "So many people contacted me in such a short time. How popular is Makino Technology in their eyes …"

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "These companies and individuals are very eager to meet you. Their phones are on 24/7, so you can contact them at any time."

Li Mu nodded. "I'll go through the list carefully later and find some people I'm interested in to meet."

After saying that, Li Mu suddenly thought of the Dual Support Fund. He turned to Lin Qingya and said, "I have a plan to set up a Dual Support Fund with the Beijing military. Can you help me arrange for the people from the commercial department to see to it?"

Li Mu told Lin Ching-ah about his idea and plan for the Double Support Fund in detail. Then, he added, "I'll send the specific document to your email. Go back and look through it carefully. This matter can be done directly in the name of Makino Technology. Contact the public, but keep a low profile. Don't let the media and the outside world know. Just do it quietly."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "Okay, I'll go arrange it now."

At this moment, Li Mu's assistant at Makino Technology knocked on the office door. After Li Mu gave his permission, he pushed the door open and said, "Li Zong, there are two visitors looking for you. They said they were arranged by CEO Xu."

When Li Mu heard that it was arranged by CEO Xu, he knew it must be Xu Jianjun's men. He said to his assistant, "Invite them in."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Then I'll go over first."

"Go."

A moment later, two young men around 25 or 26 years old walked in under the lead of the assistant. They were both around 1.8 meters tall and had a strong build. Their walking and standing postures were very straight. It was obvious that they had been trained for a long time. After the assistant left, one of them said to Li Mu, "Hello, Li Zong. I'm Chen Peng, and this is Dong Li. We're both CEO Xu's subordinates. He told us to come find you and listen to your orders in the future."

Li Mu invited the two to take a seat and asked, "You two also used to be scouts?"

Chen Peng nodded and said, "Li Zong, we're both soldiers under CEO Xu's guidance."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't have to be so reserved, and you don't have to be so polite. We might be working together for a long time in the future, so we can just treat each other like friends."

Chen Peng nodded seriously and said, "If there's anything you need, just tell us. CEO Xu told us to be on standby for 24 hours and listen to your orders at any time."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Later, I will arrange for the personnel department to handle the registration procedures for you guys. It's just a formality. In the future, when you guys follow me, there will be a visible cause and effect relationship in the eyes of others. However, you guys don't have to work here normally. Although Boss Xu will pay you, after you start working here, I will also give you a basic salary. It's not a lot, just a few thousand a month. Just treat it as your daily allowance."

Xu Jianjun was introduced to him by Hui Ka Ming, and since the Xu family took a liking to him, it meant that Xu Jianjun was definitely not a problem. However, it was hard to say about his subordinates. Li Mu didn't know much about their backgrounds, so he couldn't just let them follow him day and night as soon as Xu Jianjun arranged for them to work here. With their detailed information and social insurance, he would be able to understand a lot more.