Chapter 39

The next day after Li Mu returned from Pengcheng, he started registering domain names.

The first domain name he registered was Facebook.

Unfortunately, this domain name had been registered in 1997.

Mark Zuckerberg does not have the money to buy the Facebook domain name in the first place. He had to raise funds to get the domain name.

Li Mu didn't care about it. He wanted to find some good Chinese domain names to register. They cost less than 100 yuan a year. It would be good to register a few to play with.

Although many domain names had been registered, many popular domain names in the future had not been registered yet. For example, Taobao.

Taobao was registered in 2003. Before Ma Yun, no one had thought of Taobao on the internet.

The word 'Taobao' should be an amazing idea in Ma Yun's mind. Of course, Taobao's business model is amazing, but it's undeniable that the word 'Taobao' is also amazing. It's too direct and vivid. Not only is it obvious and catchy, but it also emits a subconscious message that I have a lot of treasures here.

That's why Taobao's meaning to Ma Yun is similar to Mark Zuckerberg's meaning to Mark Zuckerberg.

Haha … … Sorry … …

After that, "Wechat" was also affected. When Li Mu remembered that Baidu will be using Tieba in two years, he registered Tieba and Douban.He also wanted to register "Know", but someone else had already registered it.

At the thought of his music portal plan, Li Mu thought for a while and registered a "Eting", which could be understood as easy to listen to, easy to remember, and easy to input.

Feng Yu registered a bunch of domain names. It did not cost much, but it will be very useful in the future.

… …

After settling the domain names, Li Mu went out for a walk.

He had been thinking of opening a store for his parents. Now that he had the money, it is time to implement this plan.

Li Mu went out and went straight to the busiest commercial street in Hai Zhou. He wanted to see if there were any suitable shops for rent and inquire about the rental price.

In his impression, Haizhou Commercial Street only began to prosper in 2002. Now, it had not really become a retail center. At present, people's shopping patterns were very simple. The low-end ones would go to various small markets and urban-rural fringe areas. The slightly better ones would go to the department store, where there were all kinds of stalls selling everything. The more high-end ones would go to the provincial capital.

Therefore, on this business street, there were only a few specialty stores and some slightly high-class restaurants. Most of the shops were buying.

Li Mu laughed out loud when he saw a shop with an area of more than a hundred square meters tearfully selling off-season wool pants.

The words "Final Three Days!" were written on a huge piece of paper outside the door. It was extremely eye-catching.

In Li Mu's impression, this kind of peddler usually rented stalls by the day or by the week, and they would change places every time. Now that he had rented such a large shop so close to the city center, there was only one possibility: the rent was cheap.

It was not strange. In 2001, Hai Zhou's economic development was still too backward. People's consumption concept had not been cultivated yet. Even many people who did business in the city did not have a clear idea.

Li Ning's shop was now deserted. His shoes were too expensive, selling for two or three hundred yuan per pair in this era. His clothes were not cheap either. Unlike Bennelu, his business was good, partly because of Andy Lau's advertising, and partly because the price was more affordable.

A pair of jeans was 99 or 119 yuan, and a short-sleeved shirt could be bought for just over 20 yuan. In winter, a cotton-padded jacket could be bought for 100 or 200 yuan.

However, whether it was Li Ning, Bennelu, Double Star, or Jeanswest, Li Mu found a common characteristic: the shop was too small.

Among the few shops, Double Star was the smallest. It was five or six meters wide and less than ten meters long. At most, it was more than 50 square meters.

Bennelu, Li Ning, and Jeanswest were slightly bigger. Most of their shops had a double-door layout. The length was nearly ten meters, but the depth was short, less than ten meters. At the very most, it was less than 90 square meters.

Li Mu looked around and saw the black and strong shop owner who was selling cashmere pants on the last day with tears in his eyes. He had a cigarette in his mouth, and his face was full of bitterness. So, Li Mu bought a pack of Chunghwa cigarettes from the side, opened it, and walked up to him.

"Hey, big brother, are you from Meng Province?" Li Mu tried to get close to him.

"Yes."

Seeing that Li Mu was a young man, the man knew that he would definitely not buy his old cashmere pants, so he answered casually.

Then, Li Mu took out a cigarette. The eye-catching red color stunned the middle-aged shop owner. He exclaimed in his heart, "Smoking a Chunghwa cigarette at such a young age, how luxurious!"

Just as he was envious, Li Mu took out two cigarettes and threw one to the man. He exclaimed, "I've been looking forward to Meng Province since I was young. What a great place!"

The middle-aged man caught the Chunghwa cigarette that Li Mu threw. He was excited and immediately looked at Li Mu in a new light. Since he had nothing to do, he took out a lighter and lit the cigarette for Li Mu.

Li Mu was also very well-behaved. Seeing that the man came to light the cigarette for him, he protected the flame of the lighter with both hands to show respect.

The middle-aged man's impression of Li Mu improved a lot.

It was rare for a local kid who smoked Chunghwa cigarettes to be so polite to a trader who had been wandering around the country all year round.

So, he lit his cigarette and took a deep puff. "Meng Province's scenery is picturesque. Brother, you must go and see if you have the chance."

Li Mu nodded and asked curiously, "Brother, are you from the Meng tribe?"

The man laughed and said, "Yes, I'm from the Meng tribe. My name is Bayan, and I'm from Lanqi."

Li Mu nodded. "Your business must be very hard!"

Bayan sighed. "That's right!

I've been doing this for five years, and I've been to almost all of Hua Xia. "

Li Mu asked with a smile, "How many days have you been in Hai Province?

How's the business? "

"Nothing much!"

Bayan shook his head with some dissatisfaction. "You people here are too stingy and love to bargain. Those big brothers, big sisters, uncles, and aunties are holding a pair of cashmere trousers that cost 50 yuan, and they are asking me for 5 yuan …"

Faced with Bayan's ridicule, Li Mu smiled. The spending power of the people in Hai Province was not high to begin with, not to mention that the clothes inside were not very expensive. Moreover, Hai Province's winter was not very cold, and cashmere trousers were not a necessity for everyone.

Immediately, Li Mu asked a question that he was concerned about. "This is our city center. Isn't it expensive to rent such a shop?"

"It's okay."

Bayan flicked the ash off his cigarette. "80 yuan a day. I wanted to sell my goods here for a few days, but I didn't expect that I wouldn't be able to sell anything."

This time, it was Li Mu's turn to be surprised. 80 yuan a day. Looking around, there were three shops, and he estimated that it was at least 150 to 160 square meters. However, the inside was very messy, as if it had just been renovated. Now, there was nothing inside except for a pile of cashmere trousers. There were also two sets of mattresses on the floor. Bayan and his wife should be sleeping there.

"The rent here isn't cheap. 80 yuan a day is really a bargain."

Bayan shook his head. "At first, I also thought that it was a bargain. The owner of the sublet even told me that he used to do cloth business here, but the landlord wanted to increase the rent this year, so he stopped renting. Coincidentally, he said that there was a cloth market that had just opened, and there was a lot of traffic there. So, he moved there. There is still more than a week left before the real landlord moves in, so he rented it to me for 80 yuan a day."

Then, Bayan said mysteriously, "I heard that the rent here used to be 5,000 yuan a month, but the real landlord is going to increase it to 7,000 this year!"

This was the information that Li Mu wanted.

More than 7,000 yuan a month?

He did not know if it was true or not, but if it was true, it would be great.

However, when he thought about it, it made sense. After all, the current business was still in its infancy. The market prospects were not clear, and investment confidence was not high. Once the retail business, especially the clothing business, began to explode, the rent here would definitely skyrocket.

Bayan felt that Li Mu seemed to be very interested in this shop. Thinking about how Li Mu took the initiative to offer a cigarette, Bayan asked, "Little brother, do you want to rent this shop?"

"Yes." Li Mu did not hide it and nodded.

Bayan stretched out his hand and tore down the big sale sign on the wall, revealing a printed A4 paper: Shop for rent, 139 * * * * *

Li Mu's eyes lit up, and he immediately took out his mobile phone to write it down. He threw the rest of the cigarettes to Bayan and smiled. "Brother Bayan, thank you."

Bayan did not dare to accept it and wanted to return, but Li Mu had already walked far away.