Chapter 151

"Is your college tutor a one-on-one?"

The auntie hesitated for a moment and asked this question expectantly.

Li Mu nodded immediately. "It's absolutely one-on-one, and it's paid on time."

The auntie nodded and then asked, "Is it really the top scorer of the college entrance examination?

You're not lying to me, are you? "

Li Mu explained with a smile, "Auntie, here's the thing. There are more than 6,000 students registered on our 3321, and almost 2,000 of them have completed their information. We've personally verified and authenticated nearly 1,500 of them. For those who haven't been verified, we'll continue to come to your school for verification. So, you can rest assured that the data and information we provide are all authentic. When the students come to your school for supplementary lessons, we'll also show you the original copies of their student IDs and college entrance examination transcripts."

The auntie was relieved. She had been interested for a long time. She hurriedly said, "How much does the top scorer of the college entrance examination charge?

I'm going to book the top scorer of the science college entrance examination of Tsinghua University now, and it must be the provincial top scorer! "

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Do you have a computer at home?"

"Yes, my husband uses it for stock trading."

Li Mu nodded and handed over a leaflet of 3321. He said to her, "Auntie, go home and ask your husband to log on to this website. The information of more than 1,000 certified college students is on it. You can choose a suitable college student first. At 8 o 'clock this Friday evening, we will officially start the auction function. Then you can bid for the college student you have chosen."

The auntie frowned. "So troublesome?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not troublesome, auntie. Since my uncle can use a computer to trade stocks, it must be very simple for him. This is a big thing related to the children's studies in the third year of high school and this year's college entrance examination results. This little trouble is nothing.

"Besides, all good things are very popular. Good cabbages are always the first to be picked, not to mention top students. Don't you think so?"

The auntie nodded and soon figured it out. What Li Mu said was indeed very reasonable. Nowadays, parents were willing to do any troublesome things for their children's studies and for their children to get into a good university, let alone such a small thing.

The auntie took the flyer from Li Mu, carefully folded it in half and put it in her pocket. She asked Li Mu, "It shouldn't be too expensive, right?"

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Our current certified students are all 985 and 211 university students. The fee for one-on-one lessons starts at 15 yuan per hour."

"Fifteen yuan? Not expensive at all."

The price was nothing to her. She had found a physics teacher for her son, and he was a famous teacher in the district. He would only teach for two hours on Saturday afternoons, so it would be around 40 yuan per hour. The worst part was that he would have to teach more than 30 children at a time, which was far more than a one-on-one teacher.

Before leaving, Li Mu reminded the auntie, "Auntie, our auction time is from 8 PM on Friday to 12 PM on Saturday. Every university student's lesson time will be sold to the highest bidder. When the time comes, you must remember to pay as soon as you win the bid because our system will only protect you for two hours. As for the specifics, you can ask Uncle to go to our website to see. There are instructions on the website."

After sending the auntie off, Li Mu walked to the stall at the entrance of the district. Su Yingxue smiled faintly and said, "It's such a waste of your talent that you're not a salesperson. You managed to coax the auntie into a daze."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "I'm just telling the truth."

At this time, Zhao Kang also chased after the auntie and finished introducing 3321. He returned to the stall and said with a smile, "Actually, the students' parents were quite interested after listening to the introduction. I feel that this matter is more and more important. Looking at the happy faces of the parents, I can tell how much they value their children's studies."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Actually, I'm more concerned about the students who have registered on 3321. Actually, the better the school's results are, the more students there are from average families. It's not that children from poor families are better at studying, it's just that they work harder and hope to change their fate by going to school. Out of the more than one thousand students who have completed their information, more than sixty percent are from the countryside. The remaining thirty percent are from cities, and most of them come from small places. Their lives in Beijing are very stressful, and so are their families' financial pressures. If 3321 is successful, they can be self-sufficient in the future for tuition and living expenses. They can even support their families in advance. This is truly a matter of boundless merit."

Su Yingxue agreed with Li Mu's point of view. She said seriously, "The starting price is fifteen yuan per hour. Even if we sell it at the lowest price, they will be able to earn thirty yuan for two hours a day. This amount of income is not to be underestimated."

…

Similar marketing methods like Li Mu's were being repeated at the entrances of twenty to thirty residential areas in Beijing. With a large number of outstanding students, a precise business model, and marketing positioning, 3321 quickly began to capture the hearts of the students' parents. Even some Year Three students were very interested in this model. They would even take the initiative to find out the details, and then go home to tell their parents about 3321.

That night, 3321 ushered in another wave of registrations. When they registered, they filled in as parents, and there were more than six hundred people.

By the second night, this number had already risen to more than one thousand five hundred.

There were still three days before the official start of the auction on Friday. Li Mu invited the twelve people from Dorm 606 and Zhao Ziqiu's dorm together. His current marketing team was basically put together with the help of the eleven of them. In the future, the next step of the marketing would still have to be passed on to the friends and classmates they had found.

At the restaurant where the two dorms often ate together, Li Mu booked a private room. The boys from Dorm 606 arrived a few minutes earlier. After sitting for a while, Zhao Ziqiu and the other five girls rushed over happily.

As soon as they saw Li Mu, Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "Li Mu, how many parents have registered for 3321?"

Li Mu said, "About one thousand five hundred."

Zhao Ziqiu's eyes widened as she said happily, "That's fast. Won't it break through five thousand in a few days?!"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "It's not a big problem to break through five thousand, but I hope it can break through ten thousand or even more. It'd be best if we can attract all the Year Three parents in Beijing who can afford to hire private tutors. Only then can we start a wave of bidding."

Zhao Ziqiu said solemnly, "You can definitely do it. I believe in you."

As the two of them were talking, Han Xiaoxiao came up to Li Mu and asked, "Mu Ge, I haven't seen you for the past two days. Have you been doing promotions with your high school classmate every day?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Both of our high school classmates are helping, so the three of us might as well form a team."

Han Xiaoxiao said, "But we're also helping you. Why don't you take it seriously at all? Do you know how many Yanjing University's top college entrance examination examinees Ziqiu helped you?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "It's not that I don't take you seriously. Look, I'm treating you six beauties to a meal to express my gratitude!"

Han Xiaoxiao pouted in dissatisfaction. She felt that it was unfair for Zhao Ziqiu. From the time 3321 started doing promotions in high schools until now, Li Mu had never taken the initiative to partner with Zhao Ziqiu. If they had their own arrangements, then it would have been fine. But he just had to be with that high school classmate every time. What was the meaning of this?

Zhao Ziqiu was so attentive and hardworking. Li Mu's actions seemed to be a bit heartless in her eyes.

Li Mu could more or less understand the meaning of Han Xiaoxiao's words. He couldn't help but look at Zhao Ziqiu with a bit of guilt. Zhao Ziqiu didn't think that Han Xiaoxiao would say this in front of Li Mu. Seeing Li Mu's somewhat guilty gaze, she knew in her heart that Li Mu understood. Although Han Xiaoxiao was complaining for her, Zhao Ziqiu felt that these words shouldn't be known to Li Mu.

Many times, she was like a little girl protecting a fragile flower bud. She protected the hazy feelings between her and Li Mu. She was afraid that if she accidentally used too much force, it would bring harm to the relationship between the two.

Although she was certain in her heart that she had fallen in love with this extraordinary handsome boy, she was somewhat unconfident about how Li Mu would view her. Moreover, she knew of the existence of this woman, Su Yingxue. More importantly, Su Yingxue looked so outstanding, so she was even more uncertain about whether Li Mu liked her or not. In this situation, Zhao Ziqiu didn't want to rush forward. She only wanted to protect this hazy feeling in front of her, because she was afraid that if she rushed forward, even this hazy feeling would disappear.

Although Li Mu understood, he was still a little confused about the feelings in his heart. In his previous life, Su Yingxue was his lifelong dream, but it was far out of reach. In this life, Su Yingxue seemed to be getting closer and closer, but he couldn't figure out how to define the feelings he had for her in his two lives. As for Zhao Ziqiu, he admitted that this girl moved his heart. It was precisely because she was sensible and obedient that it made Li Mu overly cautious with her. He was also afraid that his impulsiveness would bring harm to her.

After thinking about it, Li Mu could only secretly shake his head and sigh. Matters of the heart couldn't be sorted out in a short period of time. Moreover, this wasn't his strong point. Right now, it was better to focus his energy and do things well.

Li Mu made up a facade. It could be considered that he had flipped this article over from Zhao Ziqiu and Han Xiaoxiao. Everyone took their seats. At the dining table, Li Mu said to everyone, "Everyone has worked hard during this period of time. Right now, there are still three days before we officially start the online auction. In these three days, the task of promotion is very heavy. I hope everyone can grit their teeth and persevere. On Friday night, we'll do the last promotion, and on Saturday, we'll look at the situation of the online auction."

Li Yawei asked Li Mu, "Mu Ge, I feel that when the time comes, we'll definitely be able to facilitate a lot of private tutoring deals. However, how can we ensure the safety of the students who go out for tuition?"