Chapter 1191

Everything related to "The Last Samurai" had gone beyond Li Mu's expectations.

Even Li Mu did not expect that the plot of the movie would develop to such an extent. He had only leaked the plot of the movie on the Internet, and then used the history of World War II to successfully incite a wave of resistance from the angry youth.

Li Mu also did not expect that the film company, the film, and the actors could play tricks to this extent. Warner held a press conference separately from the director and the lead actor. Originally, it seemed that they wanted to take all the responsibility alone and protect others. No one expected that it would turn out to be a big show that they had carefully planned. If it had not been for Edward Zwick, people would not have been aware of the ambition of Warner and Sumitomo.

Warner immediately became the most despised film company, and Mayer was also criticized as the person with the worst character in all of Hollywood.

It was certain that Warner would not be able to make a comeback for a long time in the future. Mayer was scolded like a dog, and became the most disgusting corporate CEO.

Of course, the public not only directed their anger at Mayer, but also at Sumitomo, which was secretly manipulating the movie. For a time, Sumitomo was almost ostracized by the whole world.

The Sumitomo and Sumitomo, who were exposed by Edward, also became the target of everyone's disdain.

A drama with ups and downs and constant twists and turns was staged in the United States. Hirata Jiro, the Sumitomo Foundation, and Warner replaced Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick and became the target of public opinion around the world.

Japan had always been famous for its strong overseas capital. Before this, Japan's overseas capital and chaebols had a good reputation all over the world. However, after the exposure of the secret investment in "The Last Samurai", the reputation of the entire Japanese capital was greatly affected.

Sumitomo was naturally the first to bear the brunt. Overnight, people around the world were full of disgust for this consortium. Even some netizens with better information channels quickly calculated the details of the companies under the Sumitomo consortium. For a time, a large number of well-known companies and brands were exposed to have an unusual capital relationship with Sumitomo.

What followed was the spontaneous boycott of these companies and brands by netizens, which had a huge negative impact on the reputation and daily operations of Sumitomo.

Sumitomo became the target of public criticism, which made Li Mu discover a very interesting phenomenon. People all over the world were the same. They had an extraordinary disgust for evil companies. Sumitomo and its companies may not have really falsified products to consumers, nor may they have really involved in falsehood and fraud. But because they secretly supported and promoted evil ideologies, people all over the world were full of disgust for them.

This further strengthened Li Mu's insistence that it was okay to run a business, but not evil.

Sumitomo suffered heavy losses, and as the main culprit, Hirata Jiro, naturally suffered.

The day after Edward Zwick exposed Hirata Jiro, Sumitomo urgently recalled Hirata Jiro to Japan and announced internally that from now on, Hirata Jiro would no longer be responsible for any business related to the overseas market. Hirata Jiro's status in Sumitomo plummeted. It was almost equivalent to being recalled back to China.

Subsequently, Sumitomo, in the whirlpool of public opinion, was forced to apologize on a global scale. Not only did they blame all the crimes on Hirata Jiro's personal decision, but they also solemnly announced that Sumitomo would absolutely respect history, respect all countries and people who suffered during World War II, and guarantee that similar behavior would never happen again.

However, Sumitomo's apology did not bring the slightest change to their predicament. If they really wanted to solve the negative impact of this incident, they would probably still have a very long way to go.

All of Li Mu's goals this time had exceeded expectations. Not only did he smear "The Last Samurai", but he also smeared the samurai spirit and all those responsible for it.

After kneeling for "The Last Samurai" for a while, Anne Hathaway finally recovered and was discharged from the hospital.

Therefore, Li Mu did not delay any longer. He immediately arranged for a business jet and flew to Yanjing the day after Anne Hathaway was discharged from the hospital.

When departing from Shenzhen, there were a total of seven people on the Gulfstream V business jet. They were Li Mu, his personal assistant Li Ziwei, three bodyguards including Wang Yuanlang, Spielberg, and Anne Hathaway.

According to the previously scheduled route, the plane would first fly to Yanjing, pick up Wei Lan in Yanjing, and then fly to the United States.

After picking up Wei Lan, they began a voyage of more than 10,000 kilometers across the ocean.

Since Wei Lan's father used the information revealed by Li Mu to buy shares on eBay, Wei Lan's parents moved to sunny San Francisco, California, and bought a very good seaside villa in the wealthy area of San Francisco.

San Francisco happened to be on the edge of Silicon Valley, so Wei Lan could fly with Li Mu.

Li Mu's plan was to first send Spielberg and Anne Hathaway to Los Angeles, then fly to San Francisco. At that time, Wei Lan could go directly to see her parents, and he would go to Silicon Valley to meet with Elon Musk to learn about the current epidemic -related supplies. Then, under his arrangement, he would meet with the corporate heads of 3M and Honeywell.

After a night of flight, the plane landed at Los Angeles International Airport early in the morning. The plane was still taxiing when Spielberg said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, remember to come to Los Angeles when you are done. The official launch of" Flying Tigers "is waiting for you to announce together."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I will definitely come to Los Angeles before returning to Hua Xia."

The project of "Flying Tigers" had not been officially announced to the public. Li Mu felt that since it was produced by a Hollywood team headed by Spielberg, and the first to finalize the Hollywood actors, Leonardo, Tom Hanks, and Anne Hathaway, it would be more appropriate for the official launch of the film to be held in Hollywood.

Most importantly, movie audiences from all over the world were watching Hollywood. This was the world center of the film and television industry. The official launch of "Flying Tigers" here would also maximize its influence.

After saying goodbye to Spielberg and Anne Hathaway, Li Mu flew to San Francisco without stopping.

When the plane finally landed in San Francisco, Li Mu had been flying in the sky for more than 20 hours.

Wei Lan originally wanted to invite Li Mu to her home as a guest. After all, her parents regarded Li Mu as the family's benefactor and benefactor. She really hoped that she could entertain him well and do her duty as a host.

However, Li Mu declined Wei Lan's invitation. On the one hand, he did not want to disturb Wei Lan's family reunion. On the other hand, he had already made an appointment with Elon Musk to meet in Silicon Valley. It was more important for him to get down to business first.

So, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "I won't disturb your family reunion this time. Tell Uncle and Auntie that I will definitely visit them after I'm done with my business."

Then, Li Mu said, "If there are no special circumstances, why don't you go back with me?"

Wei Lan nodded. "You should be able to finish your business in a week, right?"

Li Mu thought about it and said, "If I can't finish it in a week, ten days should be enough."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Okay, with you as a shield, I will wait for you to go back with me."

Li Mu said, "That's for the best. I will go back to San Francisco first after I finish my business and visit Uncle and Auntie at your home. Then, we will go to Hollywood together. After we finish our business in Hollywood, we can go back to China."

“OK。”

...

Elon Musk, who had always been very friendly to Li Mu, brought a motorcade to the airport to pick him up. After Li Mu said goodbye to Wei Lan, he took Li Ziwei and three bodyguards to Elon Musk's car.

Li Mu and Elon Musk sat in a stretch Lincoln. As soon as Elon Musk got up, he said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I have already carried out the things you asked me to do. I have face-to-face communication with the people in charge of 3M and Honeywell. They are both more interested in your model of exchanging marketing resources for products and are waiting to discuss it in detail with you. In addition, I have also communicated with them about the product. They have already expressed that as long as they reach an agreement with you, they will definitely do their best to meet your needs."

Li Mu nodded. Hearing this, he felt more at ease. 3M and Honeywell were both world-class companies in this field, especially 3M, which could be said to be at the top of the world. As long as they could do their best to satisfy him, whether it was the quantity, quality, or price of the products, there should be a certain degree of guarantee.

So, Li Mu asked Elon Musk, "When will they be free?

Where should I go to meet them? "

Elon Musk said, "3M is in Minnesota, and Honeywell is in New Jersey. One is in the northernmost area, and the other is in the easternmost area. They are quite far away from each other, so when I helped you communicate with them, I told them that you came to the United States in a hurry this time and asked them to come over to talk to you as soon as possible. They have no objections. When the person in charge of Honeywell heard that you were coming over, he flew to Silicon Valley in advance. If you have time, we can meet him at any time."

As he spoke, Elon Musk said, "The person in charge of 3M can also come over at any time. If you want to meet him tomorrow, I can inform him now."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "How about this, I won't meet him today. Later, I will go to Makino Technology and meet with the senior executives of Makino Technology in North America to understand our current internal operations. Help me make appointments with the people in charge of the two companies. One is tomorrow morning, and the other is tomorrow afternoon. Since the people from Honeywell are already here, let's meet them tomorrow morning!"