Chapter 717

Just as Chen Ze and Song Liang were astonished, Li Mu's next sentence shocked everyone present.

Li Mu asked Old Zhou with a serious expression, "Old Zhou, if I entrust you to help me find a fund company that works with you to customize an investment fund for direct banking, let's say the fund is three billion yuan, and the subscribers have a three-year interest rate of 3%. With a guaranteed interest rate, how long do you think it will take to sell out?"

Chen Ze and Song Liang were stunned when they heard that. They were instantly shocked!

Launch an investment fund?

Li Mu wanted to rely on this to get three billion yuan to save Juncheng Real Estate?

Wasn't an investment fund linked to securities and stocks?

Also, how exactly did this thing work?

They had no idea at all!

At the moment, funds had just become popular in the country, and they were only operating in first-tier cities. Chen Ze and Song Liang did not know the specific operating model of a fund, so they did not understand how Li Mu was going to operate it.

However, there were people who knew the industry. Old Zhou was a bank executive and an expert in the financial field. He knew the operating model of a fund very well, but when he heard Li Mu say that he wanted to find a fund company to launch a fund, he was stunned and said, "With a guaranteed interest rate of 3%, it should be sold out very quickly."

As he said that, Old Zhou explained further, "The key is that the fund company will only be willing to launch a fund if there is a strong guarantee of the project's returns. You can promise a guaranteed interest rate, but the fund company will only be willing to do it if there is absolute guarantee and profit margin. Moreover, the details are very messy, so it will be more difficult to operate in private."

Old Zhou thought that Li Mu wanted to take advantage of the chaos and immaturity of the fund market to get something for nothing. Three billion yuan was not a small amount, but if he got something for nothing, the risk of passing it on to the banks and fund companies would be too high.

Li Mu said calmly, "I've checked the current laws and regulations. The laws and regulations on investment funds are still very vague. Basically, fund companies have a lot of autonomy, and even banks have a lot of autonomy, right?"

Old Zhou bit the bullet and nodded. "This area is indeed quite chaotic now. There aren't many rigid standards. The country has only released some temporary measures."

Li Mu knew that the fund industry had always been a muddy pool. Not to mention now, this industry would not be completely regulated even after ten years. Now, if he wanted to borrow the hands of fund companies and banks to issue funds, as long as they felt that they could cover the bottom, there would be a lot of room for maneuver.

Chen Ze and Song Liang finally understood. Chen Ze asked Li Mu in surprise, "You want to issue a three billion investment fund to solve the funding gap of Juncheng Real Estate?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's right."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "That's a good idea. The key is the three billion fund. Three years, guaranteed principal and interest. What are you going to use to protect the fund company?"

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "I'll be the biggest guarantee for this fund. Once the three-year deadline is up, I'll redeem it with interest."

Song Liang was a little surprised. He said, "Little Mu, I don't doubt that you can easily redeem the three billion yuan fund in three years. In fact, just unsealing the assets of Juncheng Real Estate is enough, and we'll still make a profit. But the problem is, what can we use as collateral now?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is the biggest difference between a fund company and a bank. Backing is not a loan, and it's much easier than taking a loan. What the fund company values is whether I have the ability to back it up. I can directly use Juncheng Real Estate to back it up for the fund company. The bank has its principles and does not accept seized assets as collateral, but the fund company is much more flexible."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "The current situation of Juncheng Real Estate is very clear. As long as the three billion yuan is in place, it will definitely be revitalized in the future, and it will at least be worth more than five billion yuan. As long as the fund company understands the specific situation, they will definitely be able to judge whether this project is risky or not. I believe that in the face of sufficient profits, they will definitely be willing to do it. After all, it's not their funds that will be used, but the investors'. To them, as long as they issue a fund, they can use the investors' money to earn my money. What else do they have to worry about?"

Although Old Zhou did not know about Juncheng Real Estate, he agreed with part of what Li Mu said. He said, "The fund company is indeed much more flexible, but to a certain extent, they will also be more cautious. If the probability of the seized assets being unsealed is very high, they might privately recognize the value, but the amount they recognize will also be discounted. Moreover, the longer it takes to redeem the assets, the more uncertain they will be."

Song Liang and Chen Ze were also worried about this. Juncheng Real Estate had already been seized by the court, so there was more or less some risk involved. Although the fund company pursued profits, with Juncheng Real Estate's current situation, was it worth it for them to take the risk of more than three billion yuan?

Li Mu waved his hand, snorted, and said, "It doesn't matter. If they feel that Juncheng Real Estate can't handle the three billion yuan, I will use Makino Technology to cover it. Anyway, we all know in our hearts that Juncheng Real Estate's fatal threat is the bank loan. As long as the loan is repaid, the rest is only a matter of time. Isn't three years enough?"

"No matter how bold the local public security, people's procuratorate, and people's procuratorate are, they definitely won't dare to seize a company worth more than five billion yuan for more than three years. Even the Lanke Group doesn't have that kind of ability. Moreover, as long as this plan works, Weilan will transfer 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares to Wanying. Once the transfer is completed, be it the local public security, people's procuratorate, or the Lanke Group, they will all have to reconsider. They will no longer seize Juncheng Real Estate, but Wanying's assets. Moreover, Makino Technology is backing this, so they will have to consider my influence, right?"

Chen Ze's eyes lit up. "That sounds really feasible!"

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "Of course, we all know very well that after the three billion yuan loan is repaid, the five billion yuan of assets seized by Juncheng Real Estate will definitely be released. This five billion yuan of assets, plus Makino Technology, and the two companies will cover a total of three billion yuan. How can the fund company not have a plan?

Also, the cover is not a mortgage. I only need to take out three billion yuan to accept it when it's due. The risk is only money. "

Old Zhou nodded repeatedly. "If that's the case, the fund company definitely has a plan. The key is, Li Zong, how much profit can you give them?"

Li Mu said, "Including the interest for subscribers, the profit for the fund company, and the profit for the bank, I will take out eight hundred million yuan of profit to cover all the links. That should be enough to break the sky, right?"

Old Zhou nodded and said, "We don't need that much. The subscribers have an annual interest rate of three billion yuan. The total interest rate for three billion yuan for three years is 270 million. For the fund company, they will definitely be able to cover the bottom line. If we give them five hundred million yuan of gross profit, they will definitely rush to do it."

Li Mu asked him, "If that's the case, how much profit do I have to pay your bank for direct sales?"

Old Zhou thought for a moment and said, "With Young Master Chen here, I won't ask much. Once your fund is released, we will only ask the fund company for two points."

Li Mu asked him, "If that's the case, I will only need to pay 3.56 billion yuan to the fund company after three years, right?"

Old Zhou nodded. "That's right, that's enough."

Li Mu immediately beamed with joy and slammed the table. "The cost of five hundred and sixty million yuan is much lower than the cost of the loan!

It's much cheaper than I expected. Old Zhou, please help me contact the fund company. It's best if we can meet today! "

Old Zhou said, "Then I'll make a call and arrange for a face-to-face chat." With that, Old Zhou picked up his phone and left the office.

Just as Old Zhou left, Song Liang looked at Li Mu in surprise and said, "F * ck, not bad, Little Mu. You can even think of such a method. If this succeeds, won't there be more than a billion yuan of profit?"

Li Mu nodded. "With a cost of five hundred and sixty million yuan, the profit margin can reach at least two billion yuan. If this is reliable, I hope that the court will really drag on for three years before lifting the ban. Three years later, the property prices of Juncheng Real Estate might double!

If that's the case, the profit margin might reach three to four billion yuan or even more. "

Chen Ze said, "Juncheng Real Estate is Weilan's family's business. If we take the majority in the end, I'm afraid there will be a rift in her heart in the future, right?"

Li Mu said, "This is the spirit of the contract. Once you sign it, you have to acknowledge it. If she has a gap in her heart because of the contract, then I'm afraid she can't be a true business partner. On the contrary, if she shows her value in Wanying during these three years, then after the whole thing is over, in addition to the 800 million cash that we promised her, we will also give her some shares of Wanying as an incentive and compensation. This way, we will have an unbreakable business partner in the future."

Song Liang clapped his hands and said in agreement, "This idea is too f * cking awesome. If it succeeds, we really don't need to pay a penny or take a loan, and we can solve the three billion yuan hole. At the same time, we can fight for billions of yuan of profit in the future. I think this method is not only suitable for the current Juncheng Real Estate, but also for the future if we want to cash out a large sum of money. The threshold is low, the cost is low, and it's very cost-effective!"

Li Mu waved his hand. "We have to use extraordinary methods at extraordinary times. If I don't use this method now, there will definitely be others who will use it in the future. But no matter who uses it, it will attract a lot of imitators. Once someone imitates it, there will definitely be people who cheat and cheat. At that time, the country will definitely come out to control it. Now we can take advantage of the chaos to find a loophole, but we must stop before we go too far. So, I'm only going to play this kind of trick once."

Song Liang looked at Chen Ze helplessly and said with emotion, "Did you see that? He came up with a new model and said that he would only play it once. Tell me, what kind of mentality is this?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "What mentality?

He's already done acting tough. Why should we care about what he's thinking? "

Although he said that, Chen Ze really admired Li Mu in his heart, and he increasingly felt that Li Mu, this partner, really contained infinite possibilities.

Song Liang had the same opinion in his heart. He nodded and said, "Okay, let's not talk nonsense. Let's give Boss Li a round of applause first!"