Chapter 970

Since there was a gathering at his house that night, Li Mu passed the task to Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo after discussing with them how to deal with the situation. Then, he quickly drove back to Ziyun Villa before it was too late.

At that moment, Boss Ma was not in a good mood like Li Mu. He had been paying attention to the progress of the poaching strategy in the company. Today, all the staff in Le Tao were working overtime. From the customer service to the technical staff, almost 90% of the staff had become marketing staff. They were communicating with different Taobao sellers on the Taobao website, trying to convince them to open a shop in Le Tao.

Needless to say, Le Tao's entire supporting strategy was very attractive to the small and medium-sized sellers.

First of all, when they opened a shop in Le Tao, they would receive a discount on the delivery fees and a subsidy from the platform. If they sold the same product and the same price in Le Tao, they would earn a lot more than if they sold it in Taobao.

Secondly, they did not need to pay any additional labor costs. All they needed to do was to confirm their intentions with the staff in Le Tao. After the staff in Le Tao collected their information, they would arrange for the technical department to do a unified data extraction. Then, they would complete the registration, opening of the shop, and putting the products on the shelves in Le Tao. After ensuring that the shop was exactly the same as their shop in Taobao, they would hand over the account and the management of the shop to them.

They could open a shop on another platform and earn more money without spending any effort. Naturally, these small and medium-sized sellers had no reason to reject the offer. Except for some sellers who wanted to wait and see, most of the sellers expressed their interest in opening a shop in Le Tao.

At around five o 'clock in the afternoon, Boss Ma received feedback that there were more than 1,200 sellers who were willing to open a shop in Le Tao.

At the same time, the number of Taobao sellers contacted by Le Taobao's staff was only about 2,000. Among them, only 1,200 had expressed their approval, and the rest had expressed their willingness to consider. Therefore, it could be seen that Boss Ma's strategy was indeed very attractive to Taobao sellers. No matter what the final success rate was, this strategy alone was enough to show how good it was.

Lu Zhaoxi came to Boss Ma's office and said to him, "Boss Ma, although we are very receptive to the Taobao sellers' strategy, more Taobao sellers are still waiting and watching. I think we should try to launch a batch of stores today, and then quickly buy some traffic from the outside to quickly give the first batch of sellers a certain benefit, so that the other Taobao sellers who are waiting and watching can make a decision as soon as possible."

Boss Ma said without hesitation, "Go!

Hurry up and attack!

The sooner, the better!

Inform the technical department to quickly develop a batch collection and conversion script. This can't be delayed! "

Lu Zhaoxi said, "The technical department is already working on it. One is to collect in batches from Taobao, and the other is to launch in batches from Le Tao. Our technical staff has been working on these two scripts non-stop since yesterday, so it shouldn't take long for them to be done. It should be done around 10 o 'clock in the evening, and then we will try a batch of them first."

Boss Ma said, "Choose a batch of stores with the highest turnover from the Taobao sellers who are willing to join Le Tao. When the time comes, the external traffic will also give priority to these sellers, so that they can set an example for other Taobao sellers."

Boss Ma said in a serious tone, "If we can poach a large number of ordinary Taobao sellers, and then use the external traffic and the platform's subsidy policy to quickly increase the order volume to one million orders per day, then Sun Zhengyi's attitude towards us will definitely change 180 degrees. As long as we can change his attitude, the follow-up funds will definitely not be a problem!"

"Okay, Boss Ma, I will definitely implement it as soon as possible!"

Lu Zhaoxi was also very excited. After all, this was the only way to break out of the current situation, so he was also very motivated. No matter what, he had to find a way to do it well.

Boss Ma nodded and sighed, "I don't know if Li Mu will pay attention to our actions against small and medium-sized sellers. If he does, what kind of response strategy will he take?"

Lu Zhaoxi said with a smile, "What I hope the most is that Li Mu will introduce a hard and fast rule that will definitely cause this batch of sellers to reject us. Moreover, the sellers don't need to worry at all. They can change their store name and open their store here, and they can completely avoid Taobao's surveillance."

Boss Ma sighed softly, "Li Mu is a person that I can't figure out. I also don't know how he will deal with it, but one thing is for sure, this person almost never makes a mistake. This is very scary, so I am afraid that he will not take tough measures as we wish."

…

Indeed, Li Mu did not intend to take tough measures. Now that he had thought it through, what he really wanted to do was to stimulate the sellers to rely on and value Taobao as a platform, so that the sellers would take the initiative to focus most or even all of their energy on his platform. In this way, he would naturally be able to break Boss Ma's wishful thinking.

The reason why he asked the technical department to solve the problem of the watermark in the pictures as soon as possible was to greatly delay the efficiency of the Taobao sellers when they opened their stores in Le Tao. If they did not tamper with the pictures, it might only take a night for Le Tao to use the automatic collection method to copy thousands of Taobao stores. However, once such a small obstacle was added, their automatic collection would be ruined. At that time, they would have to manually block each and every picture, and the efficiency would be greatly reduced.

Now that he had a solution, Li Mu was much more relaxed. He drove back to his villa in Ziyun Villa early in the morning.

Li Ziwei was busy in the courtyard of the villa. The waiters and chefs of Fayue Restaurant had already set up an exquisite dining table, dining chairs, bar counter, and oven on the lawn.

The pure white tablecloths, exquisite cutlery, and all kinds of high-end drinks and ingredients looked very grand. Even before enjoying the food and wine, one could already feel the rich atmosphere of a high-end luxury party.

The meticulous Li Ziwei even ordered a batch of lounge chairs to make the courtyard more relaxing and comfortable.

Li Mu was quite satisfied with the decorations. Li Ziwei gave Li Mu a detailed report on the various preparations, including the menu and drinks for tonight. She even specially ordered new bedding and daily necessities for every guest room in the villa. If Li Mu's friends wanted to stay the night in the villa, they basically had everything they needed.

The exceptionally satisfied Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "Stay behind later. Everyone who came tonight is basically the core team of Wanying Real Estate. You can take the opportunity to get to know them. If you need to interact with them in the future, it'll be easier."

"Okay, Li Zong."

Li Ziwei nodded lightly. Although she was a little nervous and abrupt about participating in this kind of party, since she was Li Mu's personal assistant, she definitely couldn't let her boss down. After all, it was very likely that she would have to deal with the people of Wanying Real Estate on behalf of Li Mu in the future. Getting to know them in advance would also be helpful for her future work.

Li Mu then said to her, "That's right, Ziwei. Tomorrow, help me buy a bouquet of flowers and find a bottle of decent white wine. I'm going to eat at an elder's house."

Li Ziwei hurriedly said, "Got it, Li Zong. When do you want it?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Send it here tomorrow before five in the afternoon."

Li Ziwei said, "Okay, then I'll do it tomorrow morning."

A personal assistant wasn't a work assistant. The former's role was more like a personal nanny. Right now, Li Ziwei was in such a role. Many things in Li Mu's life were basically handled by her, and she was getting better and better at it.

Ever since she became Li Mu's personal assistant, Li Ziwei felt that whether it was her work, life, or personality, there had been a lot of changes. She had always focused on human resources and administration, and never thought that she would become a personal assistant. However, being able to become the personal assistant of a legendary entrepreneur like Li Mu was a huge unexpected gain for her. So much so that she started to like this job more and more.

Li Mu also appreciated Li Ziwei's cleverness, meticulousness, and extraordinary execution ability. He was also thinking that in the future, he should let this girl be more involved in his work. In this way, he could let her share some of the work matters with him.

At six o 'clock in the afternoon, Song Liang drove his wife and children, Wei Lan, and Chen Ze drove Dufy and Du Wei to Ziyun Villa. After Li Mu confirmed with the security guards, they were allowed to drive into Ziyun Villa and directly into Li Mu's villa.

Originally, it was a private party for Wei Lan to calm down. It was almost completely in the nature of friends, and there were no work problems mixed in. Therefore, Li Mu deliberately let Song Liang bring his wife and children, and let Dufy bring her sister, so that it seemed more personal and life-like.

When everyone arrived at the villa Li Mu bought from Wei Lan, they looked at everything carefully prepared in the yard. Almost everything was full of surprises. This relaxed, pleasant, and warm feeling could really make people feel unusually relaxed.

Wei Lan's mood was also very relaxed, which made Li Mu feel relieved. Seeing that the chefs were still preparing the meal, which was scheduled to start at seven o 'clock, Li Mu simply invited everyone to visit his villa. At the same time, he did not forget to praise Wei Lan's various unique designs of the villa. He even pulled Wei Lan to introduce many details about the villa's design and starting point.

In the face of this villa that she had personally decorated, Wei Lan also had a special sense of belonging in her heart. Seeing that everyone really appreciated her decoration design, she also introduced it to everyone with a sense of accomplishment.

Soon, Li Mu, who had originally taken everyone to visit the villa, took the initiative to change from the "host" to one of the many "guests", listening to Wei Lan, the real "host", introduce in detail many exquisite aspects of the villa.

In the process of introducing the villa, Li Mu could see that Wei Lan's mood was getting better and better. It seemed that this villa was really of great significance to Wei Lan.