Chapter 1481

"Acquisition?!" Larry Page exclaimed and asked, "You want to acquire Google???"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. "Google wants to acquire Muye &?

Why? "

Larry Page was completely dumbfounded.

Li Mu wanted him to acquire his newly established Muye &. That company had only been established for a few days, and Li Mu had only invested 10 million USD. Other than the Muye Search beta that Baidu had built for it, it was basically an empty shell!

Now, Li Mu said that Google wanted to acquire Muye &. Wasn't this the same as selling this empty shell to him?!

Seeing that Larry Page was shocked, Li Mu smiled and said, "You came to me because you are afraid that Muye & will use Muye Search to attack Google's market share and valuation in the capital market in the future, right?

Now that you want me to invest in you, you must want me to stop Muye Search. It's very simple. You can acquire my company, and I will stop. "

Larry Page looked at Li Mu with empty eyes and asked weakly, "Li Zong, what are your conditions for the acquisition?"

Li Mu said, "Google will buy Muye & for no less than 33.3% of its own shares."

Larry Page almost jumped up and stormed out of the room when he heard this condition.

"Li Zong, how can you use a newly established shell company to buy 33.3% of Google's shares?

And you didn't spend a single cent! "

Li Mu looked at him and asked calmly, "Why not?"

Larry Page was filled with righteous indignation. "This is robbery!

And it's an impractical robbery! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Larry, I will always give others the freedom to choose. So, isn't it inappropriate to use robbery to describe me?"

Larry Page didn't know how to respond to Li Mu's harmless face.

Li Mu said with a serious expression, "You know, I gave you a chance to cooperate. At that time, I hadn't established Muye & yet. As long as you accept my conditions, I am willing to cooperate with you, but you refused.

Now, I have Muye &, and you want to talk to me about the previous cooperation? How is that possible?

What about my Muye &?

Shouldn't someone pay for it? "

Larry Page said, "We are willing to pay for it, but only if the price is reasonable. Your current offer is beyond the normal and reasonable range. This is no different from robbery."

Li Mu chuckled and said, "Why don't you go back? I don't want to be known as a robber for no reason. Let's stop talking. I'll ask the driver to send you back to the airport now. I won't sell Muye & to you, even if you kneel down and beg me, I won't sell it. So don't say that I robbed you, okay?"

Larry Page was once again embarrassed by Li Mu. He hurriedly explained, "Mr. Li, you misunderstood me. That's not what I meant …"

"What did I misunderstand?"

Li Mu frowned and looked at him. He said with a displeased expression, "I didn't want to meet you at all. Don't you know that?

I didn't want to see you when I was in the US. I thought there was no need to meet you again to talk about the offer. Since we don't agree, why don't we go our separate ways? It was you who rushed from the US to meet me and talk to me. That's why I gave you a new offer. In the end, you accuse me of robbing you?

Is there anyone like you who comes from so far away to let others rob you? "

Li Mu's sudden change of attitude made Larry Page nervous. He couldn't help but blush.

Li Mu was right. He had been looking for a chance to meet Li Mu, but he didn't get it. In the end, he had to fly all the way from the US without telling him. In a moment of anger, he accused Li Mu of robbing him. In this case, Li Mu would definitely be angry …

Larry Page could only say to Li Mu very sincerely, "I'm sorry, Li Zong. I didn't choose my words well. I apologize."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I accept your apology. By the way, I would like to remind you that when you take the initiative to beg others, you should lower your head, bend your waist, and even kneel down."

Larry Page hurriedly said, "Li Zong is right. I've learned a lot."

After that, Larry Page looked at Li Mu and said with a bit of pleading, "Li Zong, your offer is really too high for me. Please lower it a little, so that we can continue to talk."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "The price is the final price, no changes.

“

After that, Li Mu looked at Larry Page and said to him with a smile, "Actually, I'm not robbing you. I'm blackmailing you. Do you know what blackmail is?"

Larry Page was dumbfounded. He had never seen such a shameless person who spoke of blackmail so casually and matter-of-factly.

Just as Larry Page's worldview was being refreshed by Li Mu, Li Mu said to him very seriously, "Larry, think back to the international situation from the 1940s until now. Didn't the US government use nuclear weapons all day long to engage in nuclear blackmail?

Regardless of whether you had the goods in your pockets, you would go out and blackmail others. This is already a well-known fact. Why can't you accept it when it comes to me?

"In 1945, you only made a total of three atomic bombs. You tested and detonated one, and the remaining two were thrown to Japan. You still lied to the Japanese government, saying that if they didn't surrender, you would drop more atomic bombs on them. Isn't this a classic blackmail?

"After the end of World War II, the US and the Soviet Union engaged in nuclear blackmail all day long. They often threatened to use nuclear weapons, and then forced so many countries to sacrifice so many benefits. Isn't this also blackmail?

"It can be done between countries. Why can't it be done between companies?"

When Larry Page heard this, he felt like he was about to spit out blood …

Li Mu then said, "I'll be frank with you. It's just like the first time I talked to you, when I told you that sacrificing shares was equivalent to paying protection fees."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "What I'm playing with you now is, to put it bluntly, infinitely close to nuclear blackmail. The reason is very simple. You either agree to my terms or be prepared to receive my nuclear attack.

If you think that I don't have any nuclear weapons in my hands and can't pose a huge threat to you, then you can reject my terms, and we'll compete in the future. If you think that I do have enough nuclear weapons and the ability to blow you into ruins, then stop being an angry youth. As long as you accept my terms, I will stop using nuclear weapons against you. So, you can think about whether you accept it or not. "

Only now did Larry Page realize what Li Mu was playing at. He wasn't playing a normal business competition. He didn't really need to create a Muye search engine to compete with him. He just wanted to use Muye search engine to blackmail him. Just like how the US blackmailed other countries with nuclear weapons, the US might not really use nuclear weapons against the target. They just pulled out their nuclear weapons, aimed at the target, and then let the target judge for themselves whether or not they dared to fire.

Nuclear weapons were restricted by international conventions, but Li Mu had no restrictions!

Call him a hegemon or a hooligan. Li Mu's open and transparent blackmail also represented Li Mu's ability and confidence.

When Li Mu finally revealed his huge ambition, although Larry Page was very angry, he didn't dare to blindly protest or refuse.

Li Mu's words were very straightforward. Now, Muye & was his nuclear weapon aimed at Google. If the negotiation was successful, they could talk. If not, they would fight. Although Muye & was only an empty shell, the strength of Makino Technology was beyond doubt. Li Mu only established this company, and Google's valuation in the capital market plummeted. If Li Mu fully operated this company and imported resources to Muye search engine, the blow to Google would indeed be like a scorched earth strategy with nuclear weapons. At that time, even if Google didn't die, it would at least be half dead.

Seeing that Larry Page was angry and scared, Li Mu's expression became more and more indifferent. He smiled and said, "You, don't think that you've suffered a big loss by exchanging Muye & for 33.3% of your shares. Most of the time, accounts are not calculated this way."

Larry Page looked at Li Mu and asked him weakly, "Li Zong, why do you say that?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Think about it. If a robber kidnapped you and asked for a ransom of 10 million US dollars, and he threatened you with a pistol worth 200 US dollars and a bullet worth less than one US dollar, you would feel that you've suffered a big loss. But have you ever thought about what if he opened fire?"

"This …" Larry Page felt a chill down his spine.

Li Mu's words were casual, but Larry Page still felt the bloodthirst and cruelty behind his smile and calmness.

He couldn't help but ask himself in his heart, Yes!

What if the robber opened fire?

At this time, Li Mu said again, "Although Google is acquiring Muye & without paying a single cent for the acquisition, you have to understand that Muye & is like my daughter. I have to give her a dowry when she gets married. So, if you acquire Muye &, I will still promise not to do a search engine for five years, and I will direct all non-Chinese users' search traffic to Google. This is the dowry I prepared for Muye &."

Larry Page did some calculations in his heart.

Originally, Li Mu's request was to buy 15% of Google's shares with a valuation of 6 billion US dollars, but Google's higher-ups rejected it arrogantly.

Now, Li Mu's request was to exchange Muye &, a newly established shell company, for 33.3% of Google's shares without paying a single cent …

The difference between the two was too big!

It was like missing out on Bitcoin. When it was 100 US dollars, you didn't buy it. When it rose to 15000 US dollars, how could you not feel bad?

It would be strange if you don't feel bad.

Li Mu also knew that Larry Page must be feeling bad, but he didn't think there was anything wrong with this. The capital market was all about profits, and it was not a big deal to blackmail Google.

Only an idiot would not take a bite of the meat that was already in his mouth.

If he attacked Google, Google's shareholders would at most lose a portion of their profits. After all, this was a war between capitalists. Soros had set off a financial crisis in Asia for his own profits, and many people went bankrupt and committed suicide. Compared to Soros, Larry Page was already very kind.