Chapter 823

Chen Wan's sudden bravery was like the signal to detonate a nuclear bomb. It instantly blew up all the fear, hesitation, and fear in Li Mu's heart into smithereens.

For a long time, Li Mu and she had treated each other with respect and called each other brother and sister. However, their feelings for each other could not be completely extinguished by just calling her "Sister Wan."

Li Mu had very subtle and special feelings for her. If she had not fallen in love with Li Mu, perhaps Li Mu would have kept calling her "Sister Wan" for the rest of his life. However, when she fell hopelessly in love with Li Mu, how could Li Mu keep her out of his heart?

And now, when that pair of slightly cold lips kissed him, Li Mu only had one thought in his heart: to keep her by his side, to love her, to pamper her, to support her, and to not let her down.

Chen Wan had no kissing skills to speak of. At this time, she did not have the demeanor of an older sister. Instead, it was Li Mu who was familiar with the process. Step by step, he led Chen Wan to follow his rhythm and constantly adjusted until their tongues intertwined.

Their first kiss became more and more intense. Their breathing became more and more rapid. Chen Wan's body became hotter and hotter. She could not help but twist slightly, clumsily responding to Li Mu.

Li Mu kissed the beauty in his arms. He felt her burning hot and her increasingly limp body. In addition, the half a liter of white wine in his stomach was cheering him on. His entire body was like a wild horse out of control. The last emergency mechanism in his mind had been completely disabled.

He hugged Chen Wan even tighter. His hands were no longer satisfied with just hugging. His lips also did not stop on Chen Wan's lips.

Her cheeks, her forehead, her eyebrows, her eyes, her chin, her earlobes, and her collarbone …

Li Mu's battles everywhere made the raging fire in their hearts burn even more fiercely.

Li Mu no longer had the spare brain to think about whether this matter should stop or not. He did not have the extra ability to hold himself back. His entire body was like a plane accelerating to take-off speed on a runway. He had already passed the speed limit. At this time, even if the plane was on fire, he had to take off!

Since he couldn't control himself, why should he hesitate?

Li Mu reached out to unbutton the middle button of Chen Wan's jeans. Not only did Chen Wan not resist, but she also stood on her tiptoes to make it easier for Li Mu. Although she was already confused and infatuated, there was a firm belief in her heart: At any time, even if she had to reject the whole world, she would never reject this big boy in front of her who made her fall head over heels for him.

The only button was undone and the metal zipper was pulled open. Li Mu felt as if the blood in his body was boiling with passion and lust. He bent down and roughly carried Chen Wan over his shoulder and strode into the bedroom.

Their clothes were thrown to the ground by Li Mu. The beautiful hostess, who had captivated all the men in the country, was now lying naked in front of Li Mu. Her skin was flushed.

Chen Wan was extremely nervous, but she didn't say a word. She was afraid that she would disturb or affect Li Mu. She waited until the moment Li Mu gave her a thorough baptism before she said passionately in Li Mu's ear, "I love you …"

"I love you too …"

It was very painful, but Chen Wan's heart was completely filled with happiness. Although she understood that everything in the future was still unknown, she loved Li Mu and Li Mu loved her. That was enough.

…

The clouds receded and the rain stopped.

Chen Wan leaned into Li Mu's arms. She said to Li Mu happily and sweetly, "You're not going back tonight, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'm not going back."

At a time like this, how could he bear to go back and leave Chen Wan to sleep alone?

But on second thought, Wang Yuanlang was still waiting for him in the car. If he really stayed in the car for the night, wouldn't it seem too unkind?

Li Mu took out his phone and wanted to give Wang Yuanlang a call. But after thinking about it carefully, he felt that it would be too straightforward to say it out loud.

So he sent him a text message. Five words: "Don't wait for me."

He could only say that. He couldn't say that he wouldn't go back tonight and let him go first, right?

They were all adults and knew that this wasn't appropriate.

Li Mu didn't wait for Wang Yuanlang's reply, but he knew that Wang Yuanlang must have received his message. Then he threw his phone to the side and hugged Chen Wan's waist. He said, "This time, we'll stay in Yanjing for a few more days."

Chen Wan blinked and asked, "You can't bear for me to leave this time?"

Li Mu said, "Actually, I can't bear for you to leave every time."

Chen Wan pursed her lips deliberately. "Why didn't you see it before?"

Li Mu said, "I'm a relatively introverted person. My emotions are hidden."

Chen Wan said, "I didn't see it at all."

Li Mu said seriously, "If it wasn't for Yanjing Satellite TV going too far, I wouldn't have been willing to let you go so far away to Xiangdu. If you stayed in Yanjing Satellite TV, I would still have a way to make you famous."

At that time, Li Mu really didn't plan to let Chen Wan go to Xiangnan Satellite TV. When Chen Wan came to Yanjing Satellite TV for an internship, he was especially happy. Before Chen Wan had the chance to appear on screen, he arranged for Chen Wan to appear in "Old Boys" in order to give her a chance to show off. After Yanjing Satellite TV saw it, it would also give her a chance to show off. As long as Yanjing Satellite TV gave Chen Wan a chance, Li Mu was willing to take out "Super Girl" and cooperate with Yanjing Satellite TV to make Chen Wan famous.

But what he didn't expect was that Ma Weiwei, the sister of Yanjing Satellite TV, was afraid that Chen Wan would immediately overshadow her once she appeared on screen, so she joined forces with her lover, Zhan Yun, to ban Chen Wan and not give her a chance to appear on screen. Although Li Mu helped her get justice, both he and Chen Wan lost confidence in Yanjing Satellite TV. It just so happened that Xiangnan Satellite TV threw out an olive branch, so Li Mu suggested that Chen Wan go to Xiangdu and join "Happy Camp".

Chen Wan also thought of the past, and a kind of happiness that had always been under Li Mu's protection welled up in her heart. She said with a smile, "Although I couldn't stay in Yanjing, I'm very satisfied to be like this today."

Li Mu nodded slightly and gently hugged Chen Wan, letting her gently draw circles on his chest with her fingers.

There was almost no sound in the whole bedroom, but even the air seemed to be filled with a sweet smell. Li Mu closed his eyes and enjoyed it for a long time before asking Chen Wan, "Have you thought about how to plan for the future?"

Chen Wan shook her head. "No, I'll listen to you in the future. I don't want any promise from you, nor do I ask you to give me a title or a result. As long as you don't give up, I won't leave!"

With that, Chen Wan added, "It's not easy for people to live a lifetime. I only hope that I won't regret what I didn't do in the future."

Li Mu hugged her tightly and said with a smile, "Actually, I want to ask you, how do you plan your future career path?"

Chen Wan said softly, "I don't have a plan. Haven't you already planned it for me?

Otherwise, I wouldn't have gone to Xiangnan Satellite TV. "

Li Mu smiled and patted Chen Wan's smooth back. He said seriously, "First, accumulate some qualifications in Xiangnan Satellite TV, and when the time is right, come out."

Chen Wan asked him in surprise, "What are you going to do?"

Li Mu said lightly, "Come out and help me take care of Muye Impression."

"Ah?" Chen Wan turned over, stared at Li Mu and asked him, "You want me to take care of Muye Impression?

I'm not that kind of material. "

Li Mu said, "Why not?

I think you'll be fine. "

With that, Li Mu looked into Chen Wan's clear eyes and continued, "Muye Impression's future position is to take root in the cultural and entertainment industry. To put it bluntly, it's an entertainment product on two screens, mainly movies, TV series and variety shows.

If you accumulate enough contacts and experience in Xiangnan Satellite TV, and have the resources of Makino Technology and Makino Image available, all kinds of people in the entertainment industry will take the initiative to gather around you. At that time, won't it be natural to make these entertainment products? "

Chen Wan said, "But I don't know how to plan. Good movies, TV series and variety shows can't be made with the resources of the entertainment industry."

Li Mu said, "Don't you still have me?

In the future, when you come out, Muye Impression will be that you are in front of the stage and I am behind the scenes. "

After hearing this, Chen Wan nodded. "Well, when you think the time is right, I will come out."

Li Mu said with great love, "In fact, I've already planned your future. It's a long road, but it's not difficult. I'll definitely make you a big sister with a decisive position in the entertainment circle. I'll make you the object of all the stars competing to surround you. And I'll always be with you. I won't let you go alone. But if you don't like my arrangement, just tell me directly. I can adjust it for you at any time."

Chen Wan leaned into Li Mu's arms and said softly, "I think as long as it is arranged by you, I have no objection. I am not a very assertive person. Since I was a child, except for the fact that I like you, my heart has always been very firm. It seems that I can't make up my mind about other things. For me, it's really a happy feeling to have someone I love to make decisions for me."

Speaking of this, Chen Wan couldn't help but sigh and said, "Sometimes life is really wonderful. For more than a year, I have been thinking that if I didn't drive out on July 8 last year, or if I had been more focused on driving, I might not have met you in my life, let alone be like this with you now … Do you think there is such a thing as fate that has long tied the two of us together in this special way?"

Li Mu sighed with emotion. "I think it's fate. You driving into me may be the script that fate has arranged for us."

At this point, Li Mu suddenly looked at Chen Wan with a naughty smile and asked her, "The moment you knocked me to the ground, did you think that one day in the future, I would carry you to bed?"

Chen Wan shook her head and said with a bit of shyness, "If I had thought that I would be captured by a bad boy like you, I wouldn't have driven out that day no matter what."

Li Mu hugged her tightly and said with a smile, "Fortunately, you went out. Otherwise, how would I have the opportunity to embrace such a beauty?"

Chen Wan's cheeks were crimson, and her eyes were clear as she asked, "Then let me ask you, I hit you before your exam. All this time, have you ever blamed me in your heart?"

Li Mu shook his head seriously and said, "I have never blamed you. It's just that in my heart, I have been holding back a bit of anger."

Chen Wan asked him, "Holding back what?"

Li Mu looked at her and said with a smile, "Holding back my revenge. Look, I have finally gotten my revenge today!"

…

PS: I have been too busy recently. When I got home today, it was almost 11 o 'clock. I sat down and started writing, and now it is already 2 o' clock. I am exhausted, but I don't dare to slack off. I always feel that if I slack off even a little, I will be letting down my friends who subscribe to the original version. Thank you for using the best way to respect all the hard work I have put in. Thank you …

Writing is not easy, and I hope that everyone can support the original version!

A certain artifact is searching for books, and more than 60,000 to 70,000 people are reading it. Do you know that the average number of subscriptions for my original version is not even 20,000?

Do you know that even if you top up money to read the books on a certain artifact, I will not receive a single cent of royalties?