Chapter 628

Ding Zhenglin's development in the next ten years coincided with what he said today. Today, he was restrained and embarrassed by his little prank, but in the future, he would be like a sharpshooter in the financial field of the Internet industry. He would never miss. He would indeed win an important position for himself in the industry and become a benchmark in the investment banking circle.

And the decisive factor for him to be able to do all this was that he had completely pinned his ambitions on Sequoia.

Li Mu suddenly felt that this person seemed to be more difficult to deal with than Chen Tong.

In front of Sequoia, Li Mu really did not dare to pretend. The world's most successful venture capital company could be said to be the nanny behind countless giant companies. It had invested in the world's dominant IT companies such as Apple, Google, and Cisco. The strength behind it was so strong that it was astonishing. In terms of pure platform, Makino Technology naturally could not compare with Sequoia.

Since the platform could not compare, then money would do the talking.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "Although our scale can't be compared with Sequoia, we can also provide you with opportunities to fulfill your ambitions, and we will give you better treatment than in Sequoia."

Although Sequoia was very large, Sequoia's business in Hua Xia had just started. Although Ding Zhenglin got a good position in Sequoia Hua Xia, his income level was definitely not high yet. He might hold a very small part of Sequoia's shares, and the market value was definitely not high. After all, he had not really become famous in the industry yet.

Ding Zhenglin smiled faintly and said seriously, "Director Li, to me, the treatment isn't important. What I'm after is not a few hundred thousand or a few million a year, but the sense of accomplishment of using capital as leverage to move a giant."

Li Mu said, "I believe that Makino Technology can also give you the sense of achievement that you want. As for what you said about the treatment not being important, I beg to differ. I think the normal operating model is that the more capable you are, the more you should earn. If there is a long-term imbalance in the middle, this model will certainly not last."

Ding Zhenglin laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "Perhaps I am someone who cares more about my own pursuits."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Pursuit and income can also be coordinated. You don't have to suffer for the sake of pursuit."

Ding Zhenglin didn't comment on Li Mu's words. Instead, he thought of something and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, have you ever heard of a person named Hou Yantang?

He's the founder of FlashGet, the Internet express. "

Li Mu nodded. "I know, he's very skilled. FlashGet was basically built by him alone."

"Yes."

Ding Zhenglin smiled and said, "Actually, many companies are very optimistic about the future of FlashGet. Some internet companies want to buy this product from Hou Yantang, and some venture capitalists hope that Mr. Hou can register a company and then invest in him to properly operate FlashGet. However, Mr. Hou rejected all of them without exception."

Li Mu was very familiar with Hou Yantang's achievements. This was practically a topic of conversation among the older generation of programmers for many years. When the Internet express was at its peak, it could be said that it was superior to all other heroes. There were too many people who wanted to buy it and invest in it. Even Baidu's Li Zong specially called him and asked him to come to Yanjing for a chat. In the end, he told Li Zong, "I don't have time to go to Yanjing. If you come to Chang 'an, I can consider meeting you."

At that time, the Internet express was extremely popular, and Xunlei had not really started to rise. Hou Yantang indeed had the capital to be awesome, but the development after he rejected everyone was too interesting. He buried himself in his own World of Warcraft, and the Internet express did not update even once a year. However, at that time, Xunlei's development speed was almost a few iterations a year, and the product quickly went from constantly catching up to achieving overtaking. Therefore, the Internet express declined very quickly. Although it was fortunate that it was sold before it completely declined, to Hou Yantang, he had really missed out on too much. Even the founder of Xunlei joked that it was thanks to World of Warcraft that they had the opportunity to develop again.

Li Mu did not expect Ding Zhenglin to suddenly mention this person. He was very curious and could not help but ask him, "CEO Ding, what are you trying to say?"

Ding Zhenglin smiled and said, "I won't hide it from you. A few days ago, I also spoke to Mr. Tang on behalf of Sequoia. I asked him, there are people who want to buy your product with a few million, and there are people who want to invest in you to start a company, but why are you not moved?

You just bury yourself in Chang 'an, live your own simple life, and be your own personal webmaster. He said that his pursuit of life was not measured by money. Being a personal webmaster was his favorite role, and it gave him enough sense of achievement. If he sold this product, he would lose this sense of achievement; if he took the investment to start a company, he would lose the opportunity to play his favorite role. Therefore, after all these considerations, he still felt that being his own personal webmaster was the most comfortable. After listening to him, although I was a little disappointed, I still quite admire him. He has his own pursuits, and he can resist the temptation to persist in his pursuits. This kind of spirit is very rare. "

Li Mu roughly understood what Ding Zhenglin was trying to express. He mentioned the example of him returning disappointed at Hou Yantang's place. He said that he admired Hou Yantang's spirit, but in fact, he also hoped that Li Mu could treat him the same way he treated Hou Yantang. On another level, he might also want to express that he and Hou Yantang were the same people on a certain level. That was, their persistence in pursuit was greater than their desire for material things.

After listening to him, Li Mu shook his head. He thought to himself, "You should at least give a better example. Today, you used him as an example and raised this flag. In another two or three years, I won't need to look for you anymore. After you see the tragedy that befell Hou Yantang, and then think back to what you said today, your face will swell if you don't take a beating. You can use anyone as an example, but you use him as an example …"

Ding Zhenglin was also surprised. After he finished telling the story, he thought that this would be the end of the topic. He did not expect Li Mu to keep shaking his head and not say anything. He even had a look of pity on his face. What kind of trick was this?

Li Mu sighed and said to Ding Zhenglin, "On this matter, my opinion is completely different from yours. I think that Hou Yantang is wasting a great opportunity, a chance to become a multi-millionaire or even a billionaire. Do you think that his refusal to sell FlashGet and refuse to invest is because he's not interested in fame and fortune?

Don't joke around, that's because he's using FlashGet to earn a few hundred thousand a year. To him, a few hundred thousand a year, not being bound by anyone, and being able to take care of his wife and children, is enough for him. You've been working in an investment bank for so long, you should be very familiar with the development of the internet. Haven't you noticed that those individual webmasters have a lot in common?

Most individual webmasters have a fixed mindset, are stagnant, and are content with a little bit of wealth. Wait a few years and see. After a few years, all individual webmasters who don't change their mindset will be dead, or they'll be stuck with tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of traffic advertisements a month. It's impossible for them to have a big development. "

Ding Zhenglin suddenly felt that Li Mu's words were extremely domineering to him at this moment. Not only did he negate the individual stationmaster's way of thinking from a very high position, but he also completely negated the future development direction of the individual stationmaster. However, he subconsciously believed what he said and could not come up with a single word to negate him or explain for Hou Yantang.

At this time, Li Mu looked at Ding Zhenglin and said very solemnly, "Actually, I understand what you're thinking. You have ambitions, you want to achieve something, and you want to achieve something big. I don't deny that you can definitely achieve something big on a platform as big as Sequoia. But then again, don't you feel that doing things in a venture capital company, there's a sense of accomplishment and realm that you'll never be able to reach?"

Ding Zhenglin could not help but ask, "What sense of accomplishment and realm?"

Li Mu said, "What you're doing now, in the end, is the art of foresight and negotiation. Pick a project, negotiate a good condition, and then throw the company's money to it. You don't have to worry about the rest. Whether it succeeds or fails, the only thing that matters to you is your performance. You can't actually control all of this from a more macro perspective. Today, invest in a portal, tomorrow, invest in an online education software, and the day after that, invest in a video player. You can only focus on the portal, online education software, and video player themselves. Even if all three of these products are successful, so what?

They're just three successful cases in your career.

However, if you join Makino Technology, you can use your foresight and negotiation skills, as well as your potential to control the macro perspective to build an industry chain based on Makino Technology's industrial model and resource conditions. Today, invest in a portal, tomorrow, invest in an online education software, and you can integrate online education into the portal. The day after that, you can bring in a video player and embed it into the online education software. Then, you can create an online video education portal. Then, you can import the resources of tens of millions of YY users into the portal, and then connect the payment channel of Alipay. You might be able to give birth to the largest online video education brand in the country. Then, you might be able to get rid of New Orient, which is currently at the peak of the education field. That's what you call a real success! "

Li Mu's words made Ding Zhenglin's eyes widen. The first half of what he said was an accurate description of his job, and the second half almost opened the door to a new world for him. Compared to the second half, he had to admit that the sense of achievement in the first half was really nothing. It was more than the difference between clouds and mud!

At this moment, Li Mu had already seen the shock in the depths of his pupils. He smiled slightly and said, "For example, your current job is like trying your best to chase after as many beautiful girls and have a few successful relationships. It's true that you're awesome to flirt with a lot of beautiful girls, and it's true that you'll feel a sense of achievement. But in my opinion, what is a true sense of achievement?

It's that you not only have to fall in love with these beautiful girls, but also perfectly integrate them together to form a harmonious family of polygamy and polygamy. That's what is truly awesome! "