Chapter 923

Wei Jun, who had millions of eBay shares in his hands, could hardly contain his excitement.

After all, he used to be a powerful real estate developer in Shanghai. Logically speaking, he shouldn't be so agitated in front of money. However, Wei Jun knew that he had been in the real estate business for so many years. Although he had more and more assets, he had basically recovered the money from the previous project with interest and then invested it into the next project. It was rare for him to have a large amount of cash in his hands at one go.

This time, after a few days of short-term operations, he already had an estimated potential profit of more than 10 million USD. This meant that he would soon have more than 100 million RMB in cash income. It was too shocking to make such a huge profit in such a short time.

Li Mu didn't know that Wei Jun was playing so big. He originally thought that he definitely wouldn't be able to make it in time, and there weren't many people around him who could. Since that was the case, he might as well do Wei Lan a favor and let her father, who happened to be in America, follow him. He didn't expect Wei Jun to trust Li Mu so much that he had never met him before. Wei Jun not only bet all his assets, but also borrowed a lot of short-term high-interest loans.

Wei Lan actually didn't know how many eBay shares her father had bought. Seeing that it was almost time for NASDAQ to open, Wei Lan turned on her laptop and video chatted with her father on the other side of the ocean. Wei Jun was playing YY video and stock trading software at the same time, looking forward to the opening of the stock market.

Wei Lan saw that her father was very excited on the video, so she jokingly said, "Dad, you made a lot of money this time, right?

Do you want to give me some pocket money when the time comes? "

Wei Jun laughed and said, "After I cash out the shares, I'll buy you a villa in Ziyun Villa!"

Wei Lan couldn't help but laugh and said, "Comrade Wei, a villa in Ziyun Villa costs at least 20 to 30 million RMB. How much can you make this time?"

Wei Jun said seriously, unable to hide his excitement, "One million shares, at least 10 million USD, at least 100 million RMB. It's easy to buy you a villa in Ziyun Villa. If Li Mu is willing to sell your previous villa, then I'll buy it back for you!"

Wei Lan was shocked. "One million shares?!

How much did you invest?! "

Wei Jun said, "More than 40 million USD. The average holding cost is 48.4."

Wei Lan's voice suddenly rose an octave. "More than 40 million US dollars?!

My God, where did you get so much money? "

Wei Lan knew very well that when she sold all her assets in Hua Xia, including the assets that her parents moved away, she only had a total of 20 million USD. Now, her father actually spent more than 40 million USD to buy 1 million shares of eBay. This really shocked Wei Lan.

At this time, Wei Jun said calmly, "I found a few Chinese old friends to temporarily transfer some cash over. The daily interest is 3.33%, and it's only for a few days. In terms of profits, this amount of interest is basically negligible."

"Ah?"

Wei Lan felt dizzy and said anxiously, "I only told you a piece of news so that you could buy some fun and find something to do. Why did you invest all your money in it and even borrow so much money …"

Wei Jun said matter-of-factly, "Isn't this the news that Li Mu revealed?

Can what he said be wrong? "

Wei Lan was anxious. She instinctively felt that a gambler like her father had a serious psychological problem, so she said very seriously, "Li Mu might not be 100% right. What if he's wrong?

What should I do? "

Wei Jun smiled and said, "Lan Lan, although I've never met Li Mu, I believe that a person like him must be very confident to tell you this news. So, I think this matter is definitely reliable. Because of this point of view, I decided to take this opportunity to invest more, so that I can make more money …"

Wei Lan still wanted to say something, but Wei Jun hurriedly said, "Don't be angry yet. Look, Li Mu's press conference is now known by everyone in the United States. Everyone predicted that eBay's stock will definitely rise. This proves that Li Mu is indeed very confident, and Dad made the right bet."

Wei Jun was right. Wei Lan also knew in her heart that after the news of the cooperation between eBay and Makino Technology was released, the stock price would definitely rise. She was just a little dissatisfied with her father's gambling mentality.

His mentality was almost exactly the same as when Juncheng Real Estate put all their assets on the three new buildings. They were both sure that it would definitely succeed, so they hoped to invest as much as possible in exchange for higher returns. But in the end?

The project was indeed not wrong. If it really succeeded, the profit margin would definitely be very large. However, no one expected that there would be political problems involved in the middle. If it weren't for Li Mu, Juncheng Real Estate would definitely be swallowed up by others.

Although Wei Lan's expression softened a little, she still hoped to be able to have a serious talk with her father about this matter. She felt that after her father had been taught a lesson by Juncheng Real Estate, he should always be vigilant. In the future, no matter how confident he was in things, he shouldn't put all his eggs in one basket. He must leave a way out for himself. Otherwise, if something went wrong, he would definitely be doomed.

However, before Wei Lan could say anything, Wei Jun on the video suddenly stood up and shouted excitedly on the other side of the computer, "It's open!

It's open!

65 US dollars!

65 US dollars! "

After shouting excitedly for a while, Wei Jun leaned over and said to the computer camera, "Lan Lan, the opening price of eBay's stock is 65 US dollars!

Look! "

As Wei Jun said this, he picked up the camera and pointed it at the stock trading software on the computer screen. Although there were black ripples flashing on the computer screen like signal interference, Wei Lan still saw the unbelievable number through the camera's low resolution: 65.3 US dollars!

EBay's stock price exploded!

Everyone who paid attention to Nasdaq was shocked at this moment. Everyone expected eBay's stock to soar, but the rise had to follow the rhythm. Most people didn't expect eBay's stock price to soar more than 30% from the closing price of the previous trading day!

On Nasdaq, it wasn't uncommon for a stock to soar by 30% in a day. It wasn't uncommon for a stock to soar by more than 50%. However, because of a press conference held by a Hua Xia company, an American listed company's stock price rose against the trend by 30%. This was the first time in the industry!

At this moment, Wei Jun put down the camera, took out a calculator, and fiddled with it for a while. He said excitedly, "There's already a profit of almost 17 million US dollars!"

Wei Lan felt dizzy. She didn't have the confidence to say the words that she had prepared just now.

What else could she say?

He earned 17 million US dollars in a few days. If she still said that he did something wrong, she didn't have the confidence. Even if she did, would he listen to her?

At this moment, Wei Jun said excitedly, "It rose again!

It broke through 66 US dollars! "