Chapter 227

They were all hot-blooded youths. How could they bear to see five guys from outside the school holding steel pipes and making a scene at the school gate?

Moreover, they were targeting Li Mu. He was the most popular person in the National People's Congress. This morning, the deputy mayor came to the National People's Congress for an inspection. In the afternoon, someone dared to go to the National People's Congress and attack Li Mu. They really deserved to die.

Tang Quan was suddenly pressed to the ground by more than ten people. He felt the punches and kicks landing on his body like a storm. Some were light, some were heavy, but most were heavy. At first, Tang Quan pretended to be arrogant and threatened the group of students who surrounded him. "I am the boss of Tang Dynasty Culture. If you dare to touch me, I will f * cking kill you …"

Before he could finish his sentence, a huge fist smashed into the back of his head. "F * ck you, do it!"

This punch made Tang Quan's vision go black. He dared not say anything to provoke this group of fiends. He could only cover his face, for fear of being disfigured.

The situation of the other four guys was not much better than Tang Quan. Each of them was surrounded and beaten by a large group of boys. Screams came one after another.

At first, Xue Jianfeng grabbed a boy and beat him up. But as he fought, he was squeezed out by the students. He ran to Li Mu and asked, "Are you okay?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I'm fine."

Then, he took off the brass knuckles and called Liu Nian over. He handed the two brass knuckles to him and said, "Find a place to hide them."

There were dozens of people involved in the fight. The scene was very lively. The school security and leaders should be coming soon. Maybe the police would be involved. It was not good to carry these things around.

Liu Nian weighed the two heavy metal brass knuckles in his hand. He was so surprised that he couldn't speak. The plate of Xue Jianfeng was secretly shocked. He urged Liu Nian, "Lao Liu, don't just stand there. Go quickly. Remember, don't take it to the dormitory."

Liu Nian nodded and ran away with the two brass knuckles.

At this time, the fight was still going on, and more people joined in.

Li Mu's influence was extraordinary. As soon as they heard that someone tried to attack Li Mu at the school gate, a large number of boys joined in the fight.

In this school, many people were envious of him, but more people admired him. Many people also benefited from 3321. Li Mu's status in the National People's Congress was now higher than the student council president. Before he came, Tang Quan felt that he was a wolf pack of five, and the National People's Congress was a flock of sheep. When the wolves rushed into the sheep, they had an absolute advantage. But he realized that he was the sheep, and the National People 'Congress was the wolf den. was.

In just a few minutes, the five of them had been beaten until there was not a single part of their body that was unharmed. It was unknown which student was so evil as to spit the chewing gum in his mouth into Tang Quan's hair when he was beating Tang Quan. With a tug and a grab, the chewing gum stuck to Tang Quan's hair.

Another student saw this scene and felt particularly satisfied. He shouted, "Students, who's chewing gum?

Come over and give this bastard a new hairstyle! "

Tang Quan covered his face and shouted in despair, "You guys are breaking the law. I have connections in the Public Security Bureau. When the time comes, none of you will escape!"

At this time, someone kicked the back of his head and shouted, "Students, don't listen to this b * stard's sh * t. I'm from the Law School. This guy was armed and hurt people. His nature is extremely bad. Our motive is to act bravely for a just cause. Although it doesn't make sense legally, we have to be clear that the law does not punish the masses!

Even if we go to court, we have hundreds of people, and the chances of winning are 100%! "

"Then what are you talking about? Kill him!"

"Where's the gum?

That's not enough. Give me some more. This bastard's hairstyle is so pretentious. Let's add some spice to it! "

"The female student who is watching from the side, can you give me the gum in your mouth?"

"I … How can I give it to you …"

"It's okay, just spit it in my hand!"

"That's not appropriate …"

"It's okay, it's okay!

Can you not be in a hurry to leave later?

I want to treat you to dinner tonight! "

"Uh … Okay …"

Li Mu saw that the situation was getting more and more chaotic. He was a little worried that things would get out of control. Fortunately, a few security guards rushed over. The security guards tried their best to pull the students away one by one. Looking at the people who were being beaten up, they were already in a terrible state.

Tang Quan's clothes had long been torn to shreds, and there were shoe prints all over his body. Although he had tried his best to protect his face, he was still disfigured. There were bruises and small scars all over his face, and it looked terrible. The worst part was his hairstyle, which was covered in chewing gum, and he looked like a very sorry person.

The person in charge of the security team asked about the general situation. When he heard that these guys from outside the school came in armed and wanted to beat up Li Mu, he was immediately scared. Who was Li Mu?

The school leaders had already informed them that this was the giant panda of the National People's Congress. Nothing must happen to him. Fortunately, there were so many students helping today. Otherwise, if something happened to Li Mu at the National People's Congress, wouldn't the school leaders skin the security team alive?

The security captain immediately shouted, "Handcuff these gangsters and take them to the security office. If anyone dares to resist, immediately use the electric baton!"

The university security team's handcuffs and electric batons were all registered. They had the right to use them at critical moments. However, under normal circumstances, they would not be used even once in the second half of the year. Today was the perfect time to use them against these armed gangsters.

Tang Quan wanted to die. His words were no longer as tough as before. He begged bitterly, "I beg you, please call the police. Let the police handle this, okay?"

If the police intervened, Tang Quan still had a way to mediate. After all, he had been in the circle of Yan Jing for a long time. He had acquaintances in the district branch and several police stations under his jurisdiction. At this time, it was much better than falling into the hands of these students and the school security. Who the hell said that these animals were favored by God?

Weren't they all f * cking hooligans?

The security captain ignored him and hurriedly ran to Li Mu. He first asked if he was injured. After confirming that he was fine, the security captain breathed a sigh of relief. Li Mu said, "Two students were injured. One was hit in the arm by a steel pipe, and the other was hit in the calf. I just called 120 and sent them to the hospital for a checkup."

The security captain nodded repeatedly. He pointed to Tang Quan and the other gangsters and asked, "What about these guys?

Why don't we take them back and record them, then call the police and hand them over to the police? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Don't rush to hand them over to the police. Does your security team have video equipment?"

The security captain said, "We have cameras and video cameras. Usually, if the school catches thieves or lawbreakers, they will usually first interrogate them, record the evidence, and then hand them over to the police."

Li Mu said, "Then please ask your men to bring the cameras and video cameras here. Hurry up and record the evidence at the scene, especially the weapons they used to beat people up, so that the police won't know that these guys are using their connections to do something behind the scenes."

The security captain immediately agreed and ordered someone to run back to get the cameras and video cameras.

Li Mu's real purpose was not to leave any evidence at all. He just wanted to record the current ugly state of Tang Quan and the other bastards. As long as this grandson's unruly and indulgent temperament didn't change, this thing could make him sick for a lifetime.

The security captain also guessed the general intention of Li Mu. He ordered someone to handcuff Tang Quan and the other four guys to the sycamore trees on the roadside. The scene of them holding the sycamore trees with their hands behind their backs was really satisfying to watch.

Countless students who were watching the commotion, upon seeing the sorry state of the five, convulsed with laughter, especially Tang Quan, whose hair was covered with colorful chewing gum, looked extremely disgusting.

Tang Quan wanted to die. He had never lost so much face in his life. Li Mu also deliberately asked someone to get the cameras and video cameras. Did he want to f * cking kill him?

If his miserable appearance today was known by the people in the circle, no one in the circle would be willing to have anything to do with him in the future. In the circle, nothing was more important than face.

"Li Mu, let me go today, and the matter between us will be written off." Tang Quan leaned against the tree and tried to reach a reconciliation with Li Mu.

Li Mu looked at him and said, "Don't even think about it."

Tang Quan stared at Li Mu. He was already miserable enough today. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that it was the darkest day of his life. Now that he took the initiative to propose a reconciliation, Li Mu was still so stubborn. Did he not know what it meant to quit while he was ahead?

Tang Quan wasn't afraid of the police. What he was afraid of was the security team coming over to take pictures and video. So he suppressed the anger in his heart and said, "If you let the police handle this, I have no objections. Anyway, I will be out of the police station tonight. In my opinion, why don't we negotiate in private. I will pay for your injured students' medical expenses and give each of them no less than ten thousand yuan as compensation. Is that sincere enough?"

The sum of ten thousand dollars immediately caused quite a stir among the students. Even the two injured students were dumbfounded, and there was a hint of uncontrollable joy in their expressions.