Chapter 1240

Wei Lan didn't understand why Li Mu wanted her to accept his knee, but after thinking about it for a while, she could guess that Li Mu was praising her. So she blinked and said, "I'm not showing off my cleverness to get you to praise me. I'm just explaining to you why I estimate that your project will need 550 million yuan in 20 years."

Li Mu nodded repeatedly and said in agreement, "This calculation is very scientific, and the figure of 550 million yuan should be more accurate. I think this number should be close. 550 million yuan in 20 years doesn't sound like a lot."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and said seriously, "My dear, don't be too optimistic. There are many things that you can ignore, but once you do, you can't only take care of a part of it. For example, you only give these difficult veterans subsidies according to the per capita income of the village, but what if they get sick?

They don't have medical insurance, and they come to your foundation when they get sick. Are you going to take care of it or not?

If you take care of it, these are 20,000 old people who have been on the battlefield for 50 to 60 years. No one can guarantee how much this part will cost. Moreover, if these lonely old people die of old age in the future, and no one will take care of their funeral, what will you do?

Do you want to take care of this charity foundation of yours?

If you do, it will still be a huge expense in the future. "

As she said that, Wei Lan added, "People are like this. As a public figure, there are many things you don't do, and people won't say anything. But if you do do it, and you only get 70 to 80 points, you might bring shame to yourself. Don't you think so?"

Li Mu nodded. Wei Lan was right. Moral coercion had always been something that people liked to do. If he really did charity in a bold and unrestrained way, there would soon be a large number of people coming to him with charity projects and asking for money. If he gave them money, they wouldn't be able to give it to them. If he didn't give them money, it was very likely that the people who rejected him would turn around and scold him.

And the aid for these old people in their 80s and 90s couldn't just be a certain amount of living expenses. The best solution was to provide comprehensive assistance to these difficult veterans. After all, with their contributions to the nation, it was necessary for the nation to give them back so that they could be comforted for the rest of their lives.

However, once it was raised to this level, it needed the collective wisdom and effort of the entire society to complete it. Just like Project Hope, this kind of charity project could only be achieved with the collective efforts of the entire society. Otherwise, it would be impossible to support it with any individual's ability.

Just as Li Mu was carefully thinking about the problem, Wei Lan reminded him, "Your 3321 and the charity auction you did on Taobao for the Children's Protection Foundation are all very good ways to do charity. They can make it self-sufficient or have a sustainable source of funding. I think you can also use this method to run the veterans' project."

Li Mu sighed. "This project is the same as the Seedling Protection Fund. They are all purely investment projects. Unlike 3321, which can let the students earn money themselves and accumulate funds for the platform at the same time. Also, the overall scale of the Seedling Protection Fund is much smaller."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "What you said just now makes a lot of sense. These veterans are all heroes of the nation. The real guarantee is not just two thousand yuan a year for each of them, but to give them a worry-free life, a healthy body, enough love, and social recognition. Even after they pass away, we have to help them manage their future and bury them in peace. If that's the case, the scale of the funds needed will far exceed the number we just got. We really have to think about it."

Wei Lan thought about it and said, "I think that if it's possible, not only should we let the whole society pay attention to this charity project, but we should also let the identity of the veterans be highly recognized by the whole society. Then, we should make it a trademark and commercialized it. Then, we should cooperate with all the departments and enterprises that are related to the veterans."

"Tell me the details."

Wei Lan explained, "For example, if the Veterans Don't Die charity project becomes popular in the country and has enough popularity, then the Veterans Don't Die brand will also become popular. Once the brand becomes popular, we'll have to establish our authority in this area. We must reach the level where the veterans we recognize will be recognized by the entire society. Then, we can work with hospitals, nursing homes, large supermarkets, and even cemeteries all over the country. We'll give them specialized certification and corresponding commercial promotion resources, but they must give the veterans we recognize a certain discount."

"For example, if Wal-Mart, Carrefour, or other large supermarket chains are willing to cooperate with us, as long as they are willing to give our certified veterans 500 yuan per month or 50% discount on purchases within a certain amount, and allow the veterans to save some money on rice, flour, and oil, then we will allow them to use the 'Designated Partner for Veterans Don't Die' title. The same goes for hospitals. If the veterans without medical insurance are hospitalized, they can give a certain discount on the treatment fees, and then they will become our designated partner hospital. If there are middle-aged and elderly clothing brands willing to sponsor veterans' clothing, they can also use the Veterans Don't Die brand. In general, we will open the entrance to cooperation with all the enterprises and lower the threshold for cooperation. This way, the enterprises will be profitable, and their enthusiasm will definitely increase a lot."

Li Mu sat up in surprise and snapped his fingers. "That's a good idea. Commercialization is the most reasonable and long-term way to operate. As long as we make the Veterans Don't Die brand popular and famous, there will naturally be a lot of people who want to ride on its popularity. When that happens, we can directly enter into commercial cooperation with them."

After saying that, Li Mu looked at Wei Lan and praised, "You're really the smartest and most business-minded woman I've met!"

Wei Lan smiled and said, "It's not as good as you say, but it's still not bad."

"That's really not bad!

Not only did you help me sort out the concept more perfectly, but you also solved a very big problem! "

Wei Lan bit her lower lip and said with affection in her eyes, "I've helped you so much, so how are you going to reward me?"

Li Mu stared at Wei Lan with a smirk and didn't say anything for a few seconds. Then, he suddenly reached out and pulled her into his arms. Immediately after, he flipped over and pressed her under his body. He said in a cheap voice, "If you want a reward, then I can only work harder tonight …"

…

It had been a long time since Chen Ze had seen Li Mu. This time, Li Mu immediately asked to meet him the day after he returned from America. This made Chen Ze feel a little flattered.

Although he didn't know why Li Mu wanted to meet him, Chen Ze had something that he had been waiting to discuss with Li Mu. Therefore, when Li Mu asked to set up a meeting place, he offered to drive to Ziyun Villa to pick up Li Mu.

Li Mu sat in Chen Ze's Audi A6. He directly drove Li Mu to the Fifth Ring Road and said to him, "If you have something to talk to me about, tell me now. I'll take you to see the current progress of our track later."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "The track has been completed?"

Chen Ze nodded excitedly and said, "Soon. I've found a few construction companies to work overtime for the entire racetrack project. The main hardware of the track has been completed, and some of the track equipment is being installed. The main building of our club is almost completed as well."

Li Mu said, "If that's the case, we can put it into use very soon."

Chen Ze grunted and said, "If we want to take over the official competition, I'm afraid we'll have to wait until everything is done and submitted to the FIA for approval. But it won't take more than a month or two. We can use the track first."

Li Mu said, "Then, we'll start in the near future. We'll put up the signboard of CSC, China-Supercar-Club, and find some friends who have good relationships with sports cars to join us. Then, we'll do publicity to attract more members."

Chen Ze nodded and asked Li Mu, "If we set up the club now, how do we maintain the relationship between the members?

I originally wanted to set up a large club, but we still need to renovate the main building after it's completed. It'll probably take about half a year before we can put it into use. "

Li Mu said, "It's very simple. These young people who play sports cars mostly socialize for the sake of networking. With your signboard, and some people like Li Tong, the owner of Fayue Restaurant, Lin Lin, and that Cai Zhengmao who resells cars, the influence of the small group will increase very quickly. Once it's established, everyone can go to the track to play cars. Usually, we can use Fatty Wang's SugarClub as a base. Let Fatty Wang know, and in the future, SugarClub will become a CSC member club. Only members and their friends can come here to spend money. Then, we'll raise the level of the entire club. Find a few event planners to hold frequent themed gatherings, and then plan some outdoor activities. Basically, we'll be able to maintain the club's membership."

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "After half a year, when our project is completed, we'll directly set up our own club next to the track. Also, we'll include Cai Zhengmao's sports car sales and maintenance. With all of these, CSC will become a playground for the rich and government officials' children in Yanjing. At that time, once the influence of your circle is revealed, I can guarantee that even those second-generation kids who don't like sports cars will buy a sports car just to join and become a member of this club."

Chen Ze gave him a thumbs up. "That's why they say you're the best!

If this club can really gather all the young people in Yanjing, the power contained within it will be enormous. These second-generation kids in Yanjing have countless small circles, but there's no real big circle that can include all of them, or even most of them. I think CSC will definitely be the first. "

Li Mu nodded. "I think so too."

Chen Ze immediately smiled and said to Li Mu, "Why don't you also join CSC with your sports car?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Do I have to join too?"

Chen Ze said, "In terms of influence, who can compare to you?

If even you are a member of our CSC, once the news spreads, how much influence will it have on CSC? "

Li Mu thought about it and felt that what Chen Ze said was right. This project originally had his own shares. Even if he didn't join CSC, once the club was established in the future, everyone would still know that he had shares in it. Instead of that, he might as well directly join. This was a project he invested in and a club he participated in, so of course he had to become the first member.