Chapter 951

At this moment, Song Zhilei did not notice anything unusual. His subconscious was telling him that the police would never find this place. He did not need to be overly worried like a frightened bird. What he needed to do now was to conserve his energy, because the real danger and test would be the process of getting the money tomorrow night.

He and Xie Chenglong had come to a consensus on this point. The kidnapping process was handled flawlessly, and it was impossible for the police to find him. However, the process of getting the money was the most dangerous part, because there would definitely be direct contact during this part, and it was impossible to hide any traces.

Song Zhilei, who was lying on the brick bed, looked at the time and put the imitation pistol into his pocket. He took a roll of toilet paper and said to Xie Chenglong, "You rest for a while first. You still have to take Weilan out to make a phone call at eleven o 'clock. I'm going to squat in the toilet."

Xie Chenglong nodded and stretched. He yawned and said, "One more day and night, and the day after tomorrow, I can go to the south to enjoy life!"

Song Zhilei smiled and said, "If I get the money tomorrow night smoothly, I can go to Australia to meet up with your sister-in-law the day after tomorrow."

Xie Chenglong said, "Brother Lei, once you go to Australia this time, I'm afraid you won't come back again, right?"

Song Zhilei nodded and sighed. "If the matter is exposed in the end, I won't come back no matter what."

Xie Chenglong said, "Then you should develop well in Australia. In the future, I might have to go to Australia to seek refuge with you."

Song Zhilei laughed. "You and I are friends who have gone through life and death together. If you are really interested in going to Australia, you don't have to worry about anything. Leave everything to me."

Xie Chenglong nodded gratefully. Song Zhilei shuffled out of the room in his slippers and went to the open-air toilet at the northeast corner.

Although it was called a toilet, it was actually a corner that was less than four square meters separated by two walls and a house wall with wooden planks. After digging a deep pit and placing two wooden planks, it became a simple latrine pit.

As soon as Song Zhilei squatted down, he felt a rustling sound from the corner behind him. He instinctively frowned, thinking that it was something like a weasel or a snake. He couldn't help but feel a chill on his butt, wishing he could quickly get out of this dark latrine pit.

At this time, the twenty SWAT officers scattered around the corner outside the wall were ready. the courtyard wall wasn't high, so they decided to use a one-for-one strategy. One person would use both hands to hold the other person's leg, and help the other person quickly jump over the wall and enter. This way, ten people would be sent in to ensure that the two robbers in the courtyard were subdued. After ensuring safety, the other ten would then jump over the wall.

The twenty people at the scene were divided into two teams. One team would break in from the walls on both sides of the main entrance, while the other team would break in from the west wall directly opposite the east room. Each team had a leader. Both sides had already set their watches beforehand. At this moment, they were silently counting down to the team members beside them with hand gestures.

Five, four, three, two, one!

At 10: 20, the two team leaders who couldn't see each other simultaneously made a hand signal to the team members beside them to break in. Then, the team members of two teams immediately got ready. One of them half-squatted and put his hands together, while the other stepped on the other person's palm. With a push, one of them instantly sent the other person over the wall.

The two kidnappers who were guarding Weilan's gate were bored to death. Just as they were about to light up a cigarette, a few shadows suddenly appeared on top of the wall. Before the two of them could react, ten SWAT officers descended from the sky and landed in the yard. Four of them immediately pounced on the two kidnappers who were still smoking. Before the two of them could react, they were knocked unconscious and knocked to the ground!

To the top SWAT officers of the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau, the quality of these two people was too low. With a single chop, the two of them instantly fainted. After the two of them fainted, the SWAT officers immediately cuffed the two of them together. At the same time, a few other people immediately opened the door to the room where Wei Lan was locked up.

Wei Lan was wearing a blindfold and had a towel stuffed in her mouth. Suddenly, she felt as if a few people pushed open the door and quickly ran to her. She was shocked, thinking that it was the kidnappers who wanted to do something to her. However, the blindfold was suddenly removed. Just as she adjusted to the light, Wei Lan saw a few people dressed in black and wearing black hoods. She then carefully looked at the nameplate on their black clothes: Beijing Municipal Special Police Force. She immediately realized that she had been rescued!

Among the three SWAT officers who entered the room, two of them cut the ropes that bound Wei Lan. One of the masked SWAT officers said to Wei Lan in a low voice, "Miss Wei, we are from the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau's Special Police Force. You are safe now. Please wait for a moment, our ambulance will be here soon and we will immediately escort you away!"

To the SWAT officers, the arrest in the courtyard was still ongoing. Right now, the best and safest choice for Wei Lan was to not rush to leave the room and wait for the situation to be completely under control before leaving.

Although Wei Lan firmly believed that Li Mu would definitely guide the police to find her, she didn't think that it would be so fast. Seeing so many SWAT officers rushing over, she knew that she was already safe. The feeling of surviving a disaster made her lose control for a moment, and tears rolled down her cheeks.

At this time, the other ten team members also broke into the courtyard and landed silently. The kidnappers in the room and Song Zhilei in the latrine didn't notice anything.

Wei Lan was already safe. The SWAT officers who broke into the courtyard immediately split up and headed towards the two rooms, preparing to enter and arrest the kidnappers. At this time, the SWAT officers no longer had any scruples. One group of eight people, the other group of seven people, directly kicked open the doors of the two rooms with pistols in their hands.

Xie Chenglong was just about to take a nap on the bed for an hour. At around 11: 30 am, he would drive Wei Lan to Shunyi to call Li Mu. He was at his most relaxed state when he suddenly heard the door to the room being kicked open!

Xie Chenglong's heart quivered in fear. Just as he turned over from the bed, a few SWAT officers in black had already rushed into the room. They pointed their guns at him and shouted, "Put your hands behind your head right now!"

Xie Chenglong's mind exploded, and his heart instantly fell into despair. He never thought that the police would suddenly come to his door in such a short time. This was even more terrible than a nightmare. He didn't even have time to react. In his despair, he still hoped that he had just had a nightmare.

However, the police in front of him immediately shattered his last fantasy. They shouted at him in a more severe tone, "Put your hands behind your head right now!!!

Otherwise, we'll shoot! "

Xie Chenglong was suddenly completely awake. He also had an imitation pistol at the back of his waist. At this moment, he thought of taking out his gun and fighting with the police, but he quickly calmed down. If he took out his gun, he was afraid that he would be shot on the spot by the police. There was no point in resisting stubbornly.

Xie Chenglong, who was shocked, frightened, and dejected, could only obediently follow the request of the SWAT officers in front of him and put his hands behind his head. Then, two SWAT officers immediately came forward and cuffed his hands behind his back. After searching his body and disarming the pistol, they dragged him out.

At this time, one of the team leaders frowned, "Didn't you say that there were two people in the room?

Where's the other one? "

At this moment, Song Zhilei, who was squatting in the pit, was shocked by the police outside breaking the door and the loud warning sound. He never thought that the police would be able to find him so quickly. This was simply illogical.

Song Zhilei panicked!

He panicked so much that his heart beat faster and his scalp went numb. At this moment, there were only two words in his mind, "How is this possible?"

However, the movement outside let Song Zhilei know that he didn't have time to be shocked and surprised!

The only thing he could do now was to run. Otherwise, if he was really caught by the police, with the nature of his case, he would most likely be sentenced to life imprisonment!

In the crime of kidnapping for ransom, life imprisonment was the most severe punishment if the kidnapper did not kill the kidnapper. How could Song Zhilei accept the fate of being sentenced to life imprisonment? At this moment, the faces of his wife and children appeared in his mind one by one. Song Zhilei's heart suddenly exploded with a strong sense of dissatisfaction. There was only one thought left in his mind: I want to escape!

I have to escape no matter what!

Then, even if I could only swim to Australia, I would swim there!

I can't be caught, I can't be sentenced in the country, I can't leave my wife and children unattended!

A strong desire to live instantly filled Song Zhilei's entire mind. He didn't care about wiping his butt. He pulled up his pants, grabbed the imitation pistol made by Hualong, got up, and climbed up the wall, ready to escape.

At this time, on the communication tower 500 meters away, the crosshairs of the two snipers were aimed at Song Zhilei, who had jumped up from the top of the wall. At the same time, they also saw the pistol in Song Zhilei's hand.

One of the snipers said through the walkie-talkie, "There's a suspect trying to escape by climbing over the wall. He has a gun in his hand, and I've locked on to him. Please give me instructions!"

The deputy bureau chief who was commanding the scene shouted without hesitation, "Shoot!"

When Song Zhilei squatted on the top of the wall and was about to jump down, he suddenly heard a loud bang. Almost at the same time, the bullet, which was almost at the speed of sound, hit his right knee.

Song Zhilei felt an unimaginable pain in his right knee. The huge force immediately caused him to lose his balance. Then, he uncontrollably leaned back into the latrine. The only thing worth rejoicing about was that he did not fall into the latrine pit.

At this time, the team of special police who had arrested Xie Chenglong quickly arrived. While Song Zhilei was still holding his knee and wailing, they had already handcuffed his hands and dragged him out of the latrine.

When Song Zhilei was dragged into the yard, he found that all five of his accomplices in the yard had been arrested. Two of them were unconscious, and the remaining three were all handcuffed and squatting side by side in the corner. There were also many special police officers with guns on guard.

Song Zhilei was dragged to the center of the yard. His badly mutilated knee brought him great pain, and his hands were handcuffed behind his back. He could only roll on the ground in pain.

The special police left him where he was and reported through the walkie-talkie, "The main culprit, Song Zhilei, has been arrested. The hostages are safe, and the rescue and arrest mission has been completed!

The main culprit, Song Zhilei, was shot in the right knee. The injury is quite serious, and we need an ambulance. "

An ambulance from the Public Security Hospital was on standby one kilometer away from the scene. It was prepared for the frontline special police officers and the hostages. After Wei Lan was rescued, the ambulance had already rushed over to pick her up. It was estimated that it would arrive in a few minutes.

Gu Jianghe was naturally aware of this, but he hesitated for a moment and immediately said, "Call 120 and ask them to send an ambulance!"

Calling for an ambulance now meant that he could not use the ambulance that had been prepared in advance.

The special police officer who received the message immediately said, "Understood!"

After saying that, he took out his cell phone from his pocket and dialed 120. After the call was connected, he said, "Hello, 120?

The municipal special police team is on a mission. Someone has been shot and injured in the east of Chenjiawan Village in Pinggu County. Please send an ambulance. "