Chapter 535

Dufy left Du Wei's future development in Li Mu's hands. The first thing Li Mu planned for her was to start YY's endorsement as soon as possible. First, he wanted to find a 4A advertising company and give them the entire endorsement promotion project. He wanted them to come up with a print advertisement plan, and then he wanted Du Wei to shoot a few sets of print advertisements for YY's major product lines as soon as possible. First, he wanted to cover online advertising and traditional offline advertising.

After all, online advertising was limited by plug-ins and bandwidth. Most of them were displayed in 2D print. As for offline advertising, it was not as flexible. Most of them were also print advertisements. Only television and a few display screens could use video advertisements. Video advertisements were relatively troublesome and took a long time to produce. It was better to start with print advertisements as soon as possible.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Du Wei, "I'll ask the company's publicity department to find a capable advertising company to come up with a plan first. After the plan is out, I'll ask them to contact you in advance before filming."

Du Wei was very obedient. She nodded gently and said, "Big Brother Li Mu, you can arrange it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll ask them to try to arrange it on the weekends so that it won't affect your classes."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and glanced at Dufy. She whispered to Li Mu, "We don't usually have a lot of classes. We only have about three to four classes a day. It doesn't have to be on the weekends."

Li Mu said, "Alright, I'll get them to work first and see how efficient they are."

As he said that, Li Mu remembered the Hong Kong Seedling Protection Fund and said to Du Wei, "There's one more thing. Today, a charity fund in Hong Kong contacted Makino Image. They hope to invite you to a charity gala in the middle of this month as a special guest. At that time, you just have to attend and give a simple speech. Are you interested?"

Du Wei asked curiously, "Hong Kong Seedling Protection Fund?

Big Brother Li Mu, are you sure that's the name? "

Li Mu nodded. "I'm sure."

Du Wei suddenly became excited and said, "I'm willing to go!"

Li Mu did not know why Du Wei was so excited, but seeing her strong desire, he said, "Okay. I will get someone to reply and ask them to send an invitation. Charity galas usually need to raise funds. I will get the Finance Department to issue you a cash cheque, and you can donate 2 million HKD in the name of Makino Image to the Children's Protection Foundation. Although the influence of Hong Kong's entertainment industry is declining, it is still at a high level. If you can increase your exposure in the Hong Kong media, it will be good for you and the company."

Du Wei nodded excitedly and asked Li Mu, "Big Brother Li Mu, can you come with me?"

Li Mu said, "I don't have a pass. I'm afraid it's too late. Why don't you ask your sister if she has time to accompany you?"

Du Wei glanced at Dufy, who was chatting with Chen Ze. She stuck out her tongue and said, "It's very annoying to go out with my sister. She has to control everything. If I walk slowly, she will scold me …"

After that, Du Wei looked at Li Mu with her big watery eyes and begged, "Big Brother Li Mu, please come with me. We will fly there on the same day. After the gala, we can fly back the next morning. It will take less than two days."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "But I really don't have a pass. I don't even have a passport."

Du Wei said, "It's not that troublesome to go to Hong Kong. I can ask my father's company in Hong Kong to send you an invitation. With the invitation, you can apply for a pass quickly. If you apply in Yanjing, I can find someone to help you apply for a pass quickly. You can get a pass within three days, and there will be a business visa. If you want to apply for a passport, I can also find someone to help you apply for a passport quickly."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "How do you know so much about it?"

Du Wei said with a smile, "I often go to Hong Kong. I can be considered half an expert in this area."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and said, "I still don't know the specific time of the gala. How about I confirm it first?"

Du Wei said, "If you have nothing to do, come with me. Anyway, it will only take a little more than a day."

Seeing her look of anticipation, Li Mu thought for a moment and nodded. He said, "Okay, then I'll go with you. It just so happens that I haven't been to Hong Kong yet. I can go there and broaden my horizons."

Du Wei was so excited that she danced. Not far away, Dufy asked curiously, "Xiaowei, what are you so happy about?"

Du Wei said excitedly, "The Hong Kong Seedling Protection Foundation invited me to be a guest at the gala. Brother Li Mu promised to go with me!"

Dufy frowned and asked, "What is the Seedling Protection Foundation?

How come I've never heard of it? "Then she looked at Chen Ze and asked him," Have you heard of it? "

Chen Ze shook his head and asked, "What's its background?

Is it an environmental protection organization that does afforestation? "

Du Wei said awkwardly, "No, it's a public welfare organization that prevents minors from being sexually abused."

"Ah?" Dufy asked in surprise, "Why would this organization invite you?"

Du Wei giggled and said, "I don't know either. I only care about whether I can see my brother this time."

Dufy was even more surprised. She said, "You want to see Du Ping?

Didn't he go to Australia? He has been there for more than a month. "

Du Wei curled her lips and said, "It's not that annoying Du Ping. The brother I'm talking about is Zhang Guorong!"

Dufy suddenly realized that her sister's biggest idol was Zhang Guorong from Hong Kong, and Zhang Guorong did have a nickname of "brother".

Li Mu suddenly heard about Zhang Guorong and asked Du Wei curiously, "Where are you going to meet Zhang Guorong?"

Du Wei said with a smile, "My brother is the vanguard ambassador of the Seedling Protection Foundation!

He and Mo Wenwei are both the vanguard ambassadors of the Seedling Protection Foundation. He should be there on the day of the gala! "

Du Wei said excitedly, "My brother has rarely come out in recent years, but he often participates in these charity activities. Since it's the gala of the Seedling Protection Foundation, I believe he will definitely come!"

Li Mu was not a fan of Zhang Guorong, but he was full of affection for this legendary figure. Whenever he thought of Zhang Guorong, he would think of his classic movies and familiar songs. Everyone in China should be very familiar with Zhang Guorong's achievements. It was not an exaggeration to say that he was the best male artist in Hong Kong who had the combination of film, television, and music. He was almost a god in the music and film industry. Not to mention how classic "Farewell My Concubine", "True Colors", and "The Four Seas" were, he set off a new trend in the Cantonese music industry with a cover of a Japanese song, "Monica". He could be called the male overlord of the Cantonese music industry. What was most praised about him was his impeccable character. Not only was he very popular in the entertainment industry, but he was also famous for helping the younger generation. Many Hong Kong stars had been helped by him.

However, Zhang Guorong died too early. Li Mu clearly remembered that the day of his death was April Fool's Day. When the news came out that day, countless people thought it was an April Fool's Day prank. But as the news became more and more detailed, everyone realized that what the news said was true.

At first, Li Mu couldn't remember the specific time of his death, but after thinking about it carefully, it seemed to be the same year as SARS, which was next year!

Thinking of this, Li Mu warned himself from the bottom of his heart. This time, he unexpectedly had the opportunity to meet Zhang Guorong. Perhaps it was fate. This time, he had to go to Hong Kong no matter what. Whether he could meet this legendary star at the Children's Protection Foundation's party or not, this should be the will of the heavens. If there was a chance, he hoped that he could find a way to change his fate. Because through countless reports, Li Mu knew that his death was due to depression, so it was not irreversible. He just needed to find a suitable way to change everything.

Li Mu was not a savior, nor did he have the thought of a savior. Ever since he was reborn, the most he had thought about was to change the fate of himself and his family. He rarely took the initiative to shoulder too much of a sense of mission. Chen Wan was a special case, because she had indeed done him a favor. This time, he had the chance to establish some contact with Zhang Guorong, which made him more or less have a sense of mission in his heart. If nothing else, he would not let those who liked him feel sorry for his unexpected death for more than ten years.

In September 2015, when Li Mu went to Hong Kong, he once went to Madame Tussaud's wax museum. There, he was surprised to find a lot of fragrant flowers around the wax figure of Zhang Guorong, as well as messages written for him by countless fans. Li Mu stopped there for a long time and read many messages. His heart was particularly touched. An artist who had passed away for so long but was still missed by so many people should become a legend, not a regret.

Ning Hao said that he would forward the email to him, but Li Mu could not check the email now, so he quickly sent a text message to Ning Hao, asking him the specific time of the Children's Protection Foundation's charity party.

Ning Hao quickly replied, "June 13th at 7 pm."

Li Mu calculated that there were still six days before the party. Since Du Wei said that she could find someone to send the invitation letter and expedite the documents, there was still time. He said to Du Wei, "Then let's book a ticket on the morning of the 13th. You have to help me get the documents tomorrow."

Du Wei hurriedly nodded and said, "Don't worry, Brother Li Mu. I will help you get in touch with them tonight. Tomorrow, someone will contact you and tell you where to get the documents."

Li Mu did not doubt Du Wei's words. It was said that her family background was also quite good. It should be very convenient to get a pass. He could just get the passport at the same time. Next year, he might be ready to go to the United States to meet Mark Zuckerberg. He could get the passport first, and then get a visa to the United States in advance.

Dufy asked Du Wei with dissatisfaction, "Bad girl, why don't you let me go with you?

I can go at any time. I don't need to get a document. "

Du Wei said coquettishly, "Sister, didn't you just come back? There are a lot of things to do, so I won't trouble you."

Dufy curled her lips, "If you don't want me to go, just say it. Don't find excuses …" As she said this, Dufy said, "But to be honest, I really don't want to go through the trouble. It took nearly twenty hours to fly back. I don't want to fly again for a month or two. Let your Brother Li Mu accompany you. I will also be relieved."