Chapter 131

When it came to business, Papa Lee and Li Ma were so happy that they couldn't close their mouths.

September had just passed and the store did an inventory. The sales volume was more than 700,000 yuan, which was an average of more than 20,000 yuan a day.

Li Mu sighed after hearing that. He had underestimated the potential of the clothing market. He thought that the sales volume of 10,000 yuan a day was already great, but it was less than half of the actual sales volume.

He was so shocked that he couldn't speak when he thought that the sales volume had been about 1.4 or 500,000 yuan since the opening of the store. The net profit of the store had already reached hundreds of thousands of yuan.

Nanny Li said, "Recently, business has dropped a little, but when the weather starts to cool down in October, it will definitely be another peak season. At the end of November, there will be another peak season for winter clothing, and not long after, it will be the Spring Festival, which will be another peak season."

Li Mu nodded, "There is no real off-season for branded clothing. All the seasons are peak seasons. Apart from the seasons, there is also the peak season before the start of school and the Spring Festival season. In total, a year will pass."

Li Ma also agreed with Li Mu, but she hesitated for a moment and said to Li Mu, "Son, it seems that we have to postpone the matter of buying a house in Yan Jing."

Thinking that Li Ma wanted to buy a house in Yan Jing, Li Mu asked curiously, "What's wrong?

Judging from the trend, we should be able to earn enough money to buy a house in November. "

Papa Lee said, "Your mother has her eyes on another brand called Senma. Coincidentally, its headquarters is also in Wen City, so she wants to talk about it after the Spring Festival."

Li Ma was afraid that Li Mu wouldn't agree, so she explained, "I think Senma is a good brand. Although it's not as well-known as Metersbonwe, it's not much worse. I took some time to visit Jinling and found that their business is not worse than Metersbonwe's."

Li Mu was pleasantly surprised. His parents had also changed. They were no longer focused on earning a meager salary and were no longer afraid of money. Now, they had begun to plan to expand their territory. It was rare, really rare.

Li Mu had also considered the brand of Senma. But according to his memory, it was not as stable as Metersbonwe, so he ruled it out when he had to choose another brand. However, now that he already had Metersbonwe, if he wanted to open another store, Senma would be a good choice.

So Li Mu said in a very firm tone, "I think your idea is great. We can't be satisfied with just one store. The market of the clothing industry is still very big. If there is a good project and we have sufficient funds, we must act decisively!"

Then Li Mu was also a little worried. He asked his parents, "Are you busy now?

Do you have the energy to take care of it? "

Li Ma said, "Your aunt is too capable. We don't need to intervene in most things. We don't even need to go to the store every day. Recently, we just go to the store every few days to check the sales, check the inventory, and confirm the purchase quantity with your aunt. We check the accounts once a week. With the help of the computer system, it's quite free."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "According to the commission we set, your aunt can earn more than 10,000 yuan in September. She is more energetic than anyone else now."

Li Mu nodded. "In that case, the second store needs a capable store manager."

Li Ma hesitated for a moment and said with some uncertainty, "Actually, I also wanted to discuss this with you."

Li Mu waited for his mother to continue.

Li Ma said, "After you left, your aunt came to our house a few times."

"Oh?

What did she come for? "

In Li Mu's memory, his aunt rarely came to his house, even during Chinese New Year. It would be great if she could come once a year, but she came several times in just a month. She must have a purpose.

Nanny Li said, "Your auntie's business is getting worse and worse. Everyone in Haizhou knows that our shop is booming. The salespeople in our shop earn thousands of yuan in September, which is more than what your auntie earns by running her own shop. That's why your auntie wants to work at our shop."

"She came?

What about my aunt? "

Li Mu said, "You know my aunt's temper. Will she be satisfied if she works for my aunt?"

Li Ma said, "Your aunt doesn't have high requirements. She just wants to be a shop assistant. She has run a clothing store for a few years, so it's not a problem for her to work in sales."

Li Mu nodded and asked, "Mom, do you mean that if we open a new Senma store, my aunt will be the manager?"

Li Ma said, "That's what I mean, but I'm also asking for your opinion …" Then, Li Ma added, "Your aunt is much better than before."

Li Ma knew that Li Mu had a bad opinion of his aunt, so she was afraid that he would not agree.

Papa Lee also took Li Ma's side at this time and said, "Mu, your aunt has really made great progress now."

Li Mu hesitated for a moment and sighed.

There were indeed many things he disliked about his aunt. She was almost 40 years old, and her mentality was not stable at all. She became arrogant after earning some money. She was also a little mean when she spoke to his father, and it was even more infuriating when she echoed with his uncle.

However, no matter what, she was his mother's younger sister. More than ten years ago, when he was just born, she always hugged and doted on him when she was still a girl.

Psychologically, Li Mu did not approve of nepotism in business. However, in the business for his parents, making money was secondary. What mattered most was making them satisfied and proving the value of their lives.

They had the need to make money and be recognized. Now that they had taken the first step to success, the gap between them and their relatives was a little big. At this time, they did not feel complacent, nor did they turn around to mock others. Instead, they hoped to help their relatives who were lagging behind them, which proved that they also needed to be relied on by their relatives.

Since that was the case, then let them be. It was not impossible to use his aunt, as long as she did her work conscientiously and did not play tricks in his family's store. In that case, his parents would have a more sense of achievement in their hearts.

Therefore, Li Mu made a serious agreement with his parents. "It is not impossible to use his aunt, but there are a few points. First, his aunt's temper and character must be changed, especially when she is managing the sales team. She must not use that kind of superior attitude and sarcastic and sarcastic way. Second, she must seriously participate in the training and earnestly perform the duties of a store manager. Finally, if she is not capable enough or has a bad mentality, she must be replaced in time."

Li Ma agreed without hesitation. Although she wanted to help her sister, she still had strong principles after being an accountant for so many years.

Papa Lee had no objection. If she did well, she would stay and everyone would be happy. If she did not do well, he could not use a store to fool around with her. After all, it was an investment of hundreds of thousands.

Li Mu asked again, "Have you chosen the store's address?"

"Yes, I have."

Li Ma said, "It's less than 100 meters away from our current store. There is a 120-square-meter storefront for rent."

Li Mu said, "Okay, if the price is right, we can rent it. But we have to set up the details of the contract. It's better to follow the lease of our current store. On this basis, it's fine if the rent is a little more expensive."

Li Mu didn't expect his mother to be so efficient. She rented the house that afternoon and signed the contract.

Li Ma said that because her family had already opened a Metersbonwe store, it was a good business partner for Senma. Senma didn't even need to go through the inspection process. Therefore, it wouldn't take too long to prepare the store. They would sign the contract after the holidays, and then immediately decorate the store. It should be open by the end of October.

The family of three reached an agreement on joining Senma. Papa Lee seemed to want to say something, but stopped on second thought. Li Mu paid attention to his father's expression. It seemed that his father wanted to say something, but he held it back for half the morning. He didn't say anything even when it was lunchtime.

At noon, Papa Lee took out a bottle of his favorite Kouzi Cellar. He poured 100 grams for himself and 100 grams for Li Mu.

Li Ma had been preparing lunch since the morning. It was her son's first meal back home, so she put in a lot of effort. She made six dishes and one soup for the family of three, including two cold dishes. She especially asked Li Mu to drink some wine with his father.

When a family's material life and mentality were thriving, this kind of satisfaction was especially fulfilling. Even when they had a normal meal at home, the atmosphere was more comfortable and cheerful than during the Spring Festival in previous years.

At the dining table, Li Ma kept putting food into Li Mu's bowl, and Li Mu also ate and drank to his heart's content.

Papa Lee drank 100 grams of wine, and his face was a little ruddy. He suddenly said, "I want to discuss something with you."

Li Ma had been cooking the whole time, so she didn't notice Papa Lee's hesitation. However, Li Mu had noticed it the whole time, so he said, "Dad, if you have something to say, just say it. You're the head of the family, so you don't need to discuss it with us. You can make your own decisions."

Papa Lee smiled awkwardly and said what he had been holding in his heart for a long time.

Li Mu's grandparents had been living with Li Mu's uncle for a long time. Li Mu's uncle, Li Daoguang, had been farming all his life. When he was idle, he would go out to work. His family's financial situation was very ordinary. Li Mu also had a cousin. The cousin was 17 years old, and she dropped out of school to work in the town. The cousin was 16 years old, and he was still studying in a technical school. His family's burden was relatively heavy.

Before Li Mu's family opened the store, Papa Lee would give Li Mu's uncle a monthly alimony. Although it wasn't much, it was enough for his parents to live. After Li Mu's family opened the store, Papa Lee also specially went back to give Li Mu's uncle 20,000 yuan. However, Li Mu's uncle said that he didn't want it. Papa Lee knew his brother's character. He thought that it was better to teach a man to fish than to give him a fish. So, he planned to invest some money to open a wholesale business in their hometown.

Papa Lee said that the wholesale business in the town was good, and the rent was cheap. If he invested in it, he would let Li Mu's uncle and cousin manage it together. Li Mu's cousin worked in the town, but she could only earn 300 yuan a month. It was better to start a small business for their family.