Chapter 253

When he saw Du Wei again, he was in a Japanese restaurant near the Central Conservatory of Music.

Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan, who was wearing a mask, sat in the tatami private room that had been booked in advance for 20 minutes. Du Wei, who had just finished her class, rushed over. Under the warm light of the private room, Li Mu found that when the girl was in close contact, she looked more pure and lovely. She didn't look like an 18 or 19-year-old college student at all, but more like a girl who had just entered high school.

Although Li Mu wasn't interested in a very young girl like Du Wei, he couldn't help but marvel that she was really a good candidate for acting in a school youth film.

As soon as Du Wei came in, she bowed slightly to Zhang Kexuan and Li Mu like a good girl. "Brother Kexuan, Brother Li Mu."

Zhang Kexuan hurriedly said, "Oh, Xiaowei, you're finally here. Sit down quickly."

Du Wei sat cross-legged in front of the two of them and said to Zhang Kexuan with a smile, "My roommates asked me who I was going to eat with. I said it was with the lead singer of 'Simple Plan', but they didn't believe me. Why don't Brother Kexuan come with me to the National People's Congress after dinner?"

Zhang Kexuan said with a smile, "Your school is full of top students who study music. I'm just an amateur, so I'm too embarrassed to go there. Let's talk about the movie!"

"The movie …" Du Wei asked with a smile, "Did you bring the script?"

Zhang Kexuan turned his head to look at Li Mu.

Li Mu spread out his hands and said, "I just wrote an outline on the computer. I haven't had time to enrich the entire script from the scenes to the dialogue."

Du Wei looked at Li Mu with slight admiration and said, "Brother Li Mu, I heard the introduction of the story from Brother Kexuan. I'm very interested in it, but I have two questions …"

Li Mu saw that Du Wei was a little hesitant, so he asked her, "What are the two questions?"

Du Wei pursed her lips and hesitated for a moment before saying, "First of all, I've never acted in a movie before. Let alone a movie, I haven't even participated in a school gala rehearsal or a skit, so I have no acting experience. Then, there's my sister. I told my sister about you guys asking me to act in a movie, but she said she doesn't know you guys and doesn't know much about you, so she didn't allow me to agree. I tried my best to persuade her, but she agreed to look at the script first before making a decision. So, I have to trouble Brother Li Mu to prepare the script for me so I can send it to her."

In Li Mu's memory, Chen Ze seemed to have told him that Du Wei's sister was abroad, on the other side of the world, in the United States. He didn't expect her to be so concerned about her sister's matter even though she was so far away. However, when Li Mu thought of the day when he attended Du Wei's birthday party, Chen Ze said that he was also entrusted by her sister to contact Zhang Kexuan, Li Mu didn't find it strange anymore.

He originally thought that it would be enough to get Du Wei to agree, but he didn't expect that in the end, he would have to get someone overseas to agree. Li Mu was afraid that the script wasn't to Du Wei's sister's taste, so he asked Du Wei, "What is your sister doing abroad?

Is she going to school or working? "

"She just graduated. She's working there."

Li Mu nodded and asked again, "What does she do?"

"Architectural design."

Li Mu thought to himself, "Oh no, I'm not afraid of anything, but I'm afraid of art people." This micro film, "Old Boys", doesn't have any artistic content. It's just a bit of melodrama about dreams and youth. However, to most people, this kind of melodrama is still relatively new, so it will definitely be very popular. But to those who are in the art industry, it's really hard to say. Li Mu had a friend who first studied painting, and then went into graphic design. In order to stand out, this friend never watched movies that others said were good. The more people said it was good, the more he scolded. A low budget micro film like "Old Boys" would probably be scolded by him.

Zhang Kexuan saw that Li Mu didn't speak, and his expression was a little strange, so he couldn't help but ask, "Hey, what are you thinking about?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly and said, "Nothing, just thinking about something."

Li Mu didn't understand the community of architects, but he always felt that there was a huge difference in the quality of this industry. There was a group of people who could design all kinds of beautiful modern buildings around the world, and some people who designed strange buildings like underpants and long johns. The polarization was really a little serious.

Du Wei said to Li Mu, "Big Brother Li Mu, when can you write the complete script?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Give me some time, I should be able to finish it in two days."

Du Wei said, "Then I'll give you my email. Please send it to my email when it's done, then I'll send it to my sister."

Li Mu nodded and agreed. Du Wei's attitude was already quite clear. She didn't have any objections on her side, and as long as her sister nodded, there would be no problem. It seemed like he still had to properly think about how to write the script so that he could convince her sister. When he thought about how there would be a lot of things waiting for him to deal with recently, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a headache.

After dinner, Zhang Kexuan asked Li Mu to accompany him to send Du Wei back to school. Li Mu thought that Du Wei was his fan, so he wanted to refuse, but Zhang Kexuan didn't give him the chance to refuse. He directly said, "I'll send you back to school later, I have something to tell you on the way."

Li Mu had no choice but to agree. The three of them came out of the private room, and just as they were about to pay the bill, a boy in front of a wooden table in the middle of the hall jumped up and jumped in front of Du Wei, questioning her angrily, "Du Wei, didn't you say that you were going to the library after school?!

What are you doing here? "

When Du Wei saw this boy, her expression became a bit awkward, and she said with a bit of dissatisfaction, "I went to the library. Do I have to report to you that I went to the library?"

Li Mu glanced at the boy and felt that he looked familiar, but he couldn't remember where he had seen him before. At that moment, the boy pointed at Zhang Kexuan, then at Li Mu, and said to Du Wei angrily, "I followed you all the way here, and you didn't go to the library at all!"

Du Wei's willow-like curved eyebrows furrowed, and she put her hands on her waist and scolded, "Lin Chu, what right do you have to follow me!"

At that moment, the boy's eyes swept over Li Mu, and then his whole body froze. After a moment, he moved his eyes back, and his eyes that were staring at Li Mu grew wider and wider. Finally, he stomped his feet, pointed at Li Mu, and cursed, "Fuck, it's you!"

Li Mu frowned, "Do I know you?"

The boy didn't care about Du Wei's scolding, and angrily pointed at Li Mu and scolded, "You dared to scold my sister last time, I'm going to kill you!"

As he said that, he rushed up and swung his fist at Li Mu, but this boy was only about 1.7 meters tall, half a head shorter than Li Mu, and his body was thin. At first glance, he didn't seem to have any fighting strength. Li Mu didn't remember who he was, and just wanted to block his fist and then push him away. Unexpectedly, before he could reach out, the tall Zhang Kexuan raised his leg and kicked the boy to the ground, and he rolled twice before stopping.

"Little b * stard, how dare you touch anyone, did you ask me?"

Lin Chu was kicked away by Zhang Kexuan, and he didn't care about the pain. He climbed up, pointed at Li Mu, and shouted at Zhang Kexuan, "Mind your own business, I want justice for my sister!"

Li Mu hurriedly whispered to Du Wei, who had a puzzled look on her face, "Who is this boy's sister?"

Du Wei looked a little surprised and said to Li Mu, "His sister's name is Lin Lin, brother Li Mu, do you know her?"

"What the f * ck …" Li Mu cursed in his heart, and he finally understood why this boy looked familiar. Last time when he ate with Lin Ching-ah, he met Lin Lin in a restaurant. At that time, there were a few men and women around Lin Lin, and this boy was one of them.

Li Mu asked Du Wei, "Is this boy your friend?"

Du Wei tiptoed and whispered in Li Mu's ear, "He's my classmate, and he's so annoying, but he's not a bad person, don't lower yourself to his level with brother Kexuan."

Lin Chu saw that Du Wei was talking to Li Mu in such an ambiguous way, and he was even angrier. Thinking back to last time when he scolded his sister for being a group of b * tches, he wanted to fight with Li Mu, and he didn't expect that he would be so close to his dream girl, Du Wei.

Lin Chu was one of the rich second generation in Yan Jing, and he was Lin Lin's younger brother. Originally, Lin Lin and Du Wei's sister used to hang out in the same circle, and this circle naturally included Chen Ze. Lin Chu also met Du Wei through his sister a few years ago, and since then, he was infatuated with Du Wei. Du Wei had an excellent voice, and she had been learning the piano since she was young, and she was determined to enter the Central Conservatory of Music to study vocal music. Lin Chu pursued her for a few years, but to no avail. In order to enter the Central Conservatory of Music, he specifically went to learn the guzheng for a year. The reason was very simple, the guzheng was the easiest instrument to test, and after learning it a little, he learned it well, and his family pulled some strings, and he successfully entered the Central Conservatory of Music.

Since then, Lin Chu had become Du Wei's nightmare. If it was someone else, Du Wei would have already been angry, but because Lin Chu was Lin Lin's younger brother, and Lin Lin was very good to her, she resisted and did not fall out with him.

Today, after class, Lin Chu asked Du Wei to have dinner together. Du Wei used the excuse that she wanted to go to the library to read books and lose weight, and rejected him. Unexpectedly, this guy followed Du Wei all the way, saw her come here, and entered the private room, and simply sat in the hall and waited. Unexpectedly, as soon as he went out, he bumped into Li Mu. He wanted to help his sister, but he was kicked away by Zhang Kexuan.

Lin Chu was angry and aggrieved. When had he ever been beaten in his life?

As a result, he was beaten so badly. Many people watched, and the waiters did not dare to come forward.

Lin Chu even shouted at Li Mu, "Grandson, if you have the guts, don't call for help, let's fight one on one!"

Before Li Mu could speak, Zhang Kexuan was annoyed, "Get out of here, or else I'll beat you!"

Lin Chu stomped his feet, pointed at Du Wei, and shouted, "Du Wei, go back with me!"

Du Wei said, "Where am I going with you!

Hurry up, or else I'll beat you again. Don't tell Sister Lin that I don't care about you. "

"You …" Lin Chu almost vomited blood. What the f * ck is this? Originally, it was very embarrassing to be beaten in front of Du Wei, but now Du Wei came up and stabbed him.

Lin Chu gritted his teeth and said to Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan, "Okay, if you have the guts, don't run. I'll teach you two a lesson today!"

He was no match for them in a fight, so let's see who was more powerful!

After Lin Chu finished speaking, he immediately called Lin Lin.

Zhang Kexuan snorted at his childish behavior, pushed him aside, and said impatiently, "Go play somewhere else, I have no time for you."

After that, he turned his head and asked Li Mu, "Let's go?"

Li Mu nodded, "Let's go."

Du Wei followed behind the two, and when she brushed shoulders with Lin Chu, she wanted to comfort him, but then she thought about it and decided not to. This guy was so annoying, it was good for him to suffer.

Lin Lin was eating with her friends, and when she received a call from her brother, the first thing he said was, "Sis, someone beat me up!"

Lin Lin slammed the table and stood up, "Who beat you up?

Where are you? "

"It's the bastard we met at the restaurant last time. Today, I met him again at the school gate!"

"Li Mu?

Where is he? "

Lin Chu said hatefully, "He left!"

"Left?!"

Lin Lin grabbed her bag with one hand, turned around, and walked out of the restaurant. As she walked, she said to the phone, "You stop him, I'm going over now!

This bastard, he keeps looking for trouble, this time I'm going to fight him! "

Lin Chu stammered, "Sis, both of them are tall and strong, I can't beat them."

Lin Lin immediately said, "Then you stay away, I'll take care of this."

As soon as her voice fell, Lin Lin immediately hung up and called Chen Ze. As soon as Chen Ze picked up the phone, Lin Lin angrily asked, "Chen Ze, what kind of filthy friends do you have all day long!"

Chen Ze was a little surprised by Lin Lin's scolding, "What are you doing, missy, what did my friend do to you?"

"It's that Li Mu!"

Lin Lin scolded, "I can let it go if he hit my car and scolded me, but today, he actually beat up my brother. It's all your friend's fault!"

Chen Ze was very confused, and subconsciously asked her, "You bought a car again?"

In his memory, Lin Lin's 911 had already been hit before she met Li Mu.

At this moment, Lin Lin couldn't care less about her reputation, and shouted, "My 911 was hit by him!"

Chen Ze was even more confused, "What's going on?

I don't understand, why don't you tell me where you are, I'll go find you, and we can talk face to face. "

Lin Lin immediately said, "Don't look for me, help me find that Li Mu first, you tell him, if he is a man, make an appointment to meet me, I'll solve the conflict between me and him face to face."

Chen Ze said, "Then wait for me, I'll contact him."

After temporarily comforting Lin Lin, Chen Ze immediately called Li Mu. Li Mu just happened to send Du Wei to the school gate with Zhang Kexuan. After receiving Chen Ze's call, Li Mu knew in his heart that it must be about Lin Lin's brother, so he deliberately walked a few steps slowly and answered the phone.

Chen Ze asked Li Mu on the phone what the conflict was between him and Lin Lin, and Li Mu gave a general explanation.

In fact, it was not a big deal, just three conflicts. The first time was when she rear-ended Li Mu, the second time was when they met at the entrance of the restaurant, and the third time was today when Zhang Kexuan beat up Lin Lin's brother.

Hearing Li Mu's understatement, Chen Ze sighed and said, "You two are really not ordinary people. Although three conflicts are not a big deal, you have to know that you two only met twice!"