Chapter 730

The three billion fund was gone before it was even officially listed?

Li Mu's brain did not have enough time to process this. He had expected it to be very fast, but he did not expect it to be this fast!

However, the current interest rates on savings were indeed ridiculously low. Combined with the annual interest rate of less than 2.7%, even government bonds were being bought overnight, not to mention the 3% guaranteed interest and risk-free investment fund.

Thinking about it carefully, if it were not for the Central Bank's constant interest rate cuts and the low interest rate on savings, wealth management funds would not have appeared after 2000. Furthermore, they continued to accumulate strength in 2003 and 2004 and took the opportunity to expand rapidly. The concept of wealth management could only flourish when the interest rate on savings was low enough. The future popularity of Yu 'e Bao and P2P wealth management was also due to the Central Bank's interest rate cuts. Most people did not know how to invest and manage wealth, which gave wealth management funds the perfect opportunity.

Under such circumstances, it was not very surprising that it was gone for three billion seconds.

Li Mu was stunned for a moment before asking Chen Ze, "Has the fund been officially issued?"

Chen Ze said, "The procedures are all complete, but it has not been officially listed in the bank. Moreover, it's already past the trading period, so there's no way to directly implement the transaction. Old Zhou's internal employees and family members have subscribed for about 3.8 billion yuan. Tomorrow morning, the subscription process will begin according to the order of registration. You're allowed to go back on your word, but you're not allowed to temporarily increase the subscription limit until the three billion yuan has been subscribed."

Li Mu sighed. "I'm really impressed. It's so fast …"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "I was also shocked. However, Old Zhou said that the bank has more than 4,000 official employees, including their family members, relatives, and friends. There are a lot of people, but in such a muddle-headed manner, they bought more and more. By the end of 10 AM, it was already this number."

Li Mu asked, "Doesn't that mean that the three billion yuan will be in place tomorrow?"

Chen Ze said, "It should be. Old Zhou also promised that."

Li Mu said rather excitedly, "As long as the money is in our account, this matter can be completely announced."

Chen Ze nodded. "Once the money is in our hands, there won't be any more changes."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Once the money is in our hands, Juncheng Real Estate can be revitalized. Now, I hope that the court in Shanghai can suspend this game for three years. After three years, it will be too beautiful."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "I want to too, but I'm afraid that the Lanke Corporation will try its best to drag Juncheng Real Estate down. After we revitalize it, I reckon that Lanke Corporation will try its best to pull Juncheng Real Estate out."

Li Mu was also worried that the Lanke Group could not wait for the court to seize the Juncheng Real Estate for two or three years. However, after failing to steal the chicken and finding that it would be a wedding dress for others, he hurriedly asked the court to release the Juncheng Real Estate. Because if the seizure continued, the longer it dragged on, the higher the net assets of the Juncheng Real Estate would be with the increase of the housing prices …

When Chen Ze mentioned this, Li Mu said, "Old Chen, if such a thing really happens, you must think of a way to ensure that Juncheng Real Estate continues to be seized. It's best if it can be delayed for more than two and a half years!"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Don't worry, Lanke won't have the chance to go back on his word."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu, who had just slept, was in an exceptionally good state of mind. He had just washed his face and was about to go to Taobao when he received a text message from Liu Shixiong.

"Are you here?"

Li Mu replied, "I'll be there soon."

…

Taobao website.

It was 11: 30 pm, but most of the employees were working overtime.

From the moment they entered the company, they could see a small table every few steps. The table was filled with cans of Red Bull, Coke, purified water, and various snacks. There was also a beautiful sign made of acrylic board: Brand Day Gas Station.

There were more than a dozen of such "gas stations" in the entire Taobao website. Every employee could get all kinds of drinks and food from these "gas stations," and there were administrative staff to replenish them at any time to ensure that there was an inexhaustible supply.

Li Mu liked this atmosphere very much. Everyone maintained a state of enthusiasm and fighting spirit, and every employee had their own duties. The employees who rushed to the front line concentrated on fighting, and the employees who were responsible for logistics supplies did their best to ensure that they were given all the support they needed. Everyone's goal was the same, to win this battle, and to win as beautifully as possible.

Summer Brand Day was the first large-scale e-commerce festival since the launch of Taobao. After a month of warm-up, its influence had already spread to every corner of the domestic Internet.

After Li Mu saw Liu Shixiong, Liu Shixiong stood up excitedly and said to Li Mu, "I've been waiting for you, big boss. I thought you were going to stand me up tonight."

Li Mu said, "How could I stand up for such an important thing?"

As he said that, Li Mu looked at the time and said, "It will officially start in about 20 minutes. Hurry up and tell me about the progress of the pre-sales."

Liu Shixiong said excitedly, "I've been waiting for you to come so that I can report to you about the situation of the Brand Day that has been brewing for a long time."

As he said that, Liu Shixiong took out a set of data and said, "The data in my hand is as of 11 o 'clock tonight. During this period of time, the number one in pre-sales is the Smart Recorder. A total of 516838 units have been pre-sold, with sales of more than 120 million yuan.

The second is the TCL mobile phone, a total of 95891 units have been pre-sold, with sales of more than 100 million yuan. The third is the ZTE PHS, a total of 79753 units have been pre-sold, with sales of more than 60 million yuan.

In addition, the other cooperative brands have more than 500 products on the shelves, including Literati Star, Little Tyrant, computer hardware, complete machines, and many other office supplies, daily necessities, and branded small home appliances. The sales of the entire pre-sales phase have reached 2.1 billion yuan, breaking the threshold of 2 billion yuan. "

Li Mu was not very surprised to hear this. The pre-sales of the Brand Day had long passed the threshold of 1 billion yuan. Now that it had just broken the threshold of 2 billion yuan, it was not a very surprising figure for Li Mu.

However, Liu Shixiong said excitedly, "Including the sales that we may generate on the Brand Day, our revenue on this Brand Day should be able to exceed 100 million yuan."

Taobao's commission for the flagship store of the brand ranged from 3% to 5%. With sales of more than 2 billion yuan, the average was about 100 million yuan. It looked very impressive, but in fact, the actual profit of the 100 million yuan gross profit was not high. In addition to the corporate income tax, there was a large amount of investment in promotion resources, which also came from money. In addition, Liu Xiaodong also bought a fleet. Now the whole fleet of semi-trailers was waiting in Shenzhen City for the arrival of the Brand Day, replacing the postal service to do point-to-point rapid turnover.

For Li Mu, the profit on the Brand Day was secondary. The most important thing was the impact of the Brand Day on the entire domestic retail industry. Although in a decade or so, it could easily exceed tens of billions or even hundreds of billions, and consumers and the market had long been accustomed to such huge numbers, for now, sales of 2 billion yuan in a day would scare people to death.

After today, all the domestic manufacturers and wholesale retailers would realize the amazing potential of Taobao. At that time, Taobao would definitely usher in three peaks: the peak of the entry of corporate brand merchants, the peak of the entry of small and medium-sized sellers, and the peak of the transaction of users.

After reporting the pre-sales, Liu Xiaodong said again, "The production of Mango-ME is already at full capacity. This Brand Day will release a total of 2 million units, and it is estimated that they will be sold out in one day."

After listening, Li Mu could not help but sigh, "Tomorrow is the moment when e-commerce shows its strength to the whole society, and it will definitely be the most memorable day in the e-commerce industry of Hua Xia."

Liu Xiaodong smiled and said, "I can't wait."

Li Mu asked him, "What is the total pre-sales volume of this Brand Day so far?"

Liu Xiaodong said, "11 million units. If we include the turnover of Mango-ME and the Brand Day, it should be able to reach about 15 million units."

"15 million units of goods, a conservative estimate will also produce 10 million express parcels. The logistics pressure must be very great, but we must implement the distribution and digestion that we have coordinated before. We must do our best to improve the efficiency to the highest!"

Liu Xiaodong nodded, "Don't worry, all the links have been arranged. More than 10 heavy vans have been prepared in Shenzhen. Shenzhen is the most important place for logistics this time. Moreover, a week ago, I have already asked major manufacturers to ship the goods to our warehouses according to the pre-sales situation at that time. After tonight, the six major warehouse centers in the country will quickly process the orders, and at the same time, they will send vehicles to the provincial capital cities in their respective areas. Most of the goods will be delivered by our own vehicles to the provincial capital cities of the user's receiving area within a day."

Li Mu sighed, "This is more than 10 million parcels!

If we can make the turnover as fast as last time when we killed Mango-ME, we will create another legend. "

As he said this, Li Mu smiled and said, "I think Hangzhou's Boss Ma is also waiting for tomorrow's arrival. The delivery companies that he has taken over will probably all have a holiday tomorrow, right?"

Li Mu's guess was right. In a certain office building in Hangzhou, half of the floor was still brightly lit.

Boss Ma and his core team were all there. None of them had left after work. Boss Ma was in a meeting at this time. He said to everyone with a serious expression, "In another ten minutes, the Taobao website's Brand Day will begin. I didn't get the specific data on Taobao's pre-sales, but from what I heard from the manufacturers, this time, the turnover on Taobao website will be very large. Just Zhinda alone has been operating at full capacity in the past month. The production line has been running non-stop for 24 hours, producing more than 500,000 units. Do you know how much Zhinda produced in a single month before this?"

Everyone shook their heads.

Boss Ma's face was expressionless, but there was a hint of ruthlessness in his voice as he said, "Less than 100,000 units!

Even if it's less than 100,000 units, they are still facing huge inventory pressure and the pressure of refunds. Before this, their market share was greatly occupied by Bubugao. Originally, they were already considering removing part of the production line to transform their business, but after cooperating with Taobao website, they actually produced 500,000 units in one go. This has squeezed out every last drop of their production capacity!

If they didn't have excellent pre-sales, how could they produce so many units in one go? "

Everyone's expression turned cold. Boss Ma knew this data a few days ago, but he waited until now to say it. He wanted to give everyone a strong sense of pressure.

Boss Ma said, "Selling 500,000 units in a month isn't the scariest thing. The scariest thing is that once they establish a brand advantage on Taobao website, there is a high chance that they can reverse the encirclement of Bubugao online. So, Bubugao's chairman couldn't sit still for half a month. He personally went to Beijing to communicate with Taobao website's Liu Xiaodong, wanting to buy tickets to participate in this Brand Day event. In the end, you should have guessed it, Liu Xiaodong didn't buy it at all."

After a pause, Boss Ma said, "I heard that Liu Xiaodong only said one sentence to him. Liu Xiaodong said that the Brand Day event has to be responsible for the brands that participate in the early stages and also give them the most resources. So, no brands will be added in the middle. If you want to enter Taobao website, after the Brand Day event, I will arrange for someone to contact you. See, how arrogant he is!"

"It's understandable."

Lu Zhaoxi said, "In the beginning, Taobao website took the initiative to look for Bubugao. At that time, they didn't care about Taobao website. Bubugao didn't want to give discounts, and secondly, they didn't want to supply goods first. Thirdly, they didn't want to give commissions, and fourthly, they didn't want to affect their offline distributors. Zhinda didn't have this kind of problem. They were already facing a life and death situation, and Taobao website became a direction for them to break through. Naturally, Taobao website wanted to bind with these partners that had offered olive branches to them first."

Boss Ma shook his head. "Zhaoxi, you don't understand what I mean. How good Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong's impression of these brands that entered earlier is not something we need to consider, and it's not something I care about. What I care about is the right to speak!

A strong right to speak! "

As he said that, Boss Ma pointed both of his index fingers upwards, his face flushed red as he gestured. "Think about it, Taobao is facing tens of millions of netizens across the country. With such a large user base, it is a retail channel with huge potential. Once Taobao website makes use of the users in Li Mu's hands and Alipay to successfully become a large online retail platform, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong will naturally have the right to speak. When their sales ability is proven, manufacturers and brands will gradually lose their right to speak in front of them in order to seek more sales, and they will become more and more passive."

"And it will gradually have a huge influence on a company, or even an industry. Take Zhinda and the recorder industry for example. If Taobao website doesn't interfere, Bubugao will forever be the industry leader, and it will firmly suppress Zhinda. But once Taobao website gives its resources to Zhinda, Zhinda will immediately surpass them. Bubugao itself can't reach 500,000 units of sales in a month, but Zhinda did it with the help of Taobao website.

Think about it, in the future, how many companies like Zhinda will yearn for Taobao website to give them a new lease on life?

And how many companies like Bubugao will yearn for Taobao website to help them consolidate their dominant position?

Under these circumstances, any company in any industry will desperately try to curry favor with Taobao website. In order to obtain Taobao website's resources, they will definitely constantly compete and continuously raise their cooperation price. This leaves a huge profit margin for Taobao website, so huge that it's unimaginable! "