Chapter 801

Song Liang immediately gave Ye Youdao a very clear reply to the incredulous Ye Youdao, "CEO Ye, what I just said wasn't an exaggeration at all. This is indeed the consensus that Li Mu and I have reached."

When Ye Youdao heard this, he couldn't help but ask excitedly, "Then what are Li Mu's specific requirements?

What are his conditions? "

Song Liang said, "I can't give you a clear answer to this question for now. Li Mu wants to invite you, CEO Zhang, and CEO Chen to Beijing next week to discuss the details of the cooperation."

As he spoke, Song Liang added, "However, I still have to confirm the specific time with Li Mu. He has a lot of things to do next week, so let's see when he's free."

Although Song Liang had the highest percentage of shares in Wanying, he clearly positioned himself as the executor of Wanying, not the strategist. To be precise, there would be countless executors in the future, but there would only be one strategist, and that person would definitely be Li Mu.

Li Mu's sense of smell in the real estate industry had completely impressed Song Liang and Chen Ze. Just the huge harvest of the six plots of land in the East Third Ring Road was completely due to Li Mu's foresight and confidence, not to mention the matter with Jun Cheng Real Estate. In everyone's eyes, it was a dead end, but Li Mu saw the key point and easily revived it.

Because of this, Song Liang and Chen Ze had a common understanding in their hearts: Wanying would listen to Li Mu in the future. If Li Mu said to go east, they would never go west; if Li Mu said Wei Lan could do it, Song Liang and Chen Ze would never doubt it.

Therefore, from Song Liang's point of view, how these three companies would cooperate with Wanying would depend on Li Mu himself. This wasn't just because he trusted and respected Li Mu, but also because he had a clear understanding of his role in Wanying.

Ye Youdao was also very clear that Li Mu was the real decision-maker of Wanying Real Estate. He had to sit down and talk with Li Mu about how they should cooperate.

Thus, Ye Youdao said without hesitation, "Then I'll wait for your news. During this time, my personal arrangement will be Li Mu's highest priority. As long as he confirms it, I won't have a problem."

Then, Ye Youdao added, "I'll talk to Zhang Zicheng first and ask him to bring his brother-in-law over to have a chat. Let's make it clear that no matter how Li Mu allocates the four pieces of land in the future, the three of us have to work together to make this project perfect."

Song Mingliang nodded and said, "That would be the best. Li Mu is more inclined to seek long-term and stable partners. You should communicate with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Chen first. In the future, when you cooperate with Wanying Group, you will work as a whole.

"Then, I'll call them to come and have dinner with you.

Song Liang hurriedly said, "I don't have time for dinner, Boss Ye. I'm flying back to Yanjing at 8 pm."

Ye Youdao said, "Then I'll call them over now and let's have a chat."

"Okay."

…

Chen Wan had a good appetite. She ate at least half of the dishes that Li Mu made.

After dinner, Chen Wan took the initiative to clean up the dishes on the table. Li Mu wanted to help, but Chen Wan didn't give him a chance. She pushed him to the sofa in the living room to watch TV.

After Chen Wan tidied herself up, she washed her hands and returned to the living room. As she walked towards Li Mu, she took off her hair band and hair band to release her hair. At the same time, she used her fingers to spread her hair out completely. Her beautiful hair that was spread out carried a faint fragrance, making Li Mu feel particularly relaxed.

Chen Wan sat next to Li Mu. On the TV, Nansu Satellite TV was broadcasting the second part of Stephen Chow's "Journey to the West", "The Great Sage Marries a Wife". These days, the film channels of various provincial and municipal TV stations were the best choice to kill time. Li Mu didn't know how their copyright mechanism worked, but these TV stations could broadcast whatever movie they wanted.

Chen Wan stuck to Li Mu. Seeing that he was watching with relish, she asked him, "Do you like this movie?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's alright. I quite like it."

Chen Wan asked him, "Zixia and Bai Jingjing, which one do you like best?"

Li Mu said, "I like both."

Chen Wan was about to ask why when Li Mu said, "Not only do I like Zixia and Bai Jingjing, but I also like Chun Sanniang …"

Chen Wan looked like she had lost to him and sighed softly, "You're really not just a playboy."

Li Mu said with a smile, "These three women are different. Bai Jingjing fell in love at first sight, which is a fierce true love. Zixia is the one who transcends time and space and is destined to be entangled in two lives. It's also true love, but it's hidden deep in the heart. It's not as strong as Bai Jingjing's, but it's deeply rooted, like a seed buried in the bottom of the heart."

Chen Wan asked him, "What about Chun Sanniang?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Chun Sanniang is very simple. She's flirtatious, sexy, and coquettish. I'm afraid any man would not refuse her."

Chen Wan said teasingly, "In your future life, there will definitely be many women like Chun Sanniang. If you don't refuse them, how can you deal with them?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Even if there are many women like Chun Sanniang, there is only one Chun Sanniang …"

Chen Wan pursed her lips and smiled. She did not think that Li Mu's playboy was a problem. On the contrary, she thought that Li Mu was not a playboy. Because if Li Mu was not a playboy, she was afraid that there would never be a chance between him and her. If that was the case, it would be really hopeless.

The afternoon together between the two was warm and dull. Basically, they leaned on each other, half-lying on the sofa, watching TV and chatting. Chen Wan washed a lot of fruits and fed them to Li Mu hand by hand. She served Li Mu like a rich landlord.

For the time being, Li Mu didn't have any improper thoughts about Chen Wan. He just felt that being with her made him feel especially relaxed and comfortable. He had always been busy as if his life depended on it, and it was extremely rare for him to have a peaceful afternoon like this once in a while. It felt great.

After watching Journey to the West, they switched channels and watched other TV shows for a while. Chen Wan suddenly received a call from her father, and the first thing Father Chen said was, "Little Wan, dad can't go to Thailand with you and your mom next week. I have something important to do next week, so I have to go to Beijing at the last minute."

The moment Chen Wan heard this, she didn't blame her father for going back on his word. Instead, she stared dumbfoundedly at Li Mu next to her, her face full of shock and bewilderment.

Li Mu had said before that her father might not be able to go to Thailand with her, and that he might have to go to Beijing instead. She hadn't taken it seriously at the time, and never thought that it would become a reality so quickly.

Seeing that she hadn't said anything for a long time, Father Chen couldn't help saying on the other end of the phone, "Little Wan, I'm really sorry. I know I shouldn't go back on my word, but this is indeed very important. It's not just me, your uncle is also going to Beijing next week."

Saying this, Father Chen continued, "When dad's done with his work, I'll go on a vacation with you and your mom."

Only then did Chen Wan come back to her senses. "Dad, I'm not a three-year-old, you don't have to apologize to me. If there's something important to do, then deal with it first. We can find another chance to go on a vacation."

After that, Chen Wan asked him again, "Why on earth are you and uncle going to Beijing?

When are you going? "

On the other end of the phone, Father Chen couldn't hide his excitement as he said, "Do you remember your cousin's friend, Li Mu?"

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu in front of her and said with mixed feelings, "Yes …"

Father Chen said excitedly, "Li Mu wants to cooperate with several pieces of his land in Yan Jing. The interested parties are not only your uncle and I, but also Ye Tianming's father. If this project is successful, it will be of great significance to our three families, especially your uncle and I. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Your uncle and Ye Youdao are both very excited."

The business of Zhang Kexuan's family was far less stable than that of Ye Tianming's family. Chen Wan's father, Chen Yuan, worked for Zhang Kexuan's father, Zhang Zicheng, so there was no foundation to speak of. Therefore, the opportunity that Li Mu gave them was very precious. It was not as simple as giving them a good project, but a good opportunity to turn over and take off.

Chen Wan then understood that Li Mu wanted to cooperate with these families in Jinling. Not only did she not expect that Li Mu would think of these families at this time, but she also did not expect that these families would react so excitedly and excitedly. A 20-year-old young man took the initiative to express his intention to cooperate, and it made three middle-aged men who were over 50 years old and used to the ups and downs in the business world so excited. Except for Li Mu, Chen Wan could not think of anyone else who had this ability.

Therefore, Chen Wan said with a smile, "Dad, I'll go to Yan Jing with you next week."

Chen Yuan asked in surprise, "You're going to Yan Jing too?

Don't you want to go out with your mom? "

"Not for now." Chen Wan said, "I'll go to Yan Jing with you to see Li Mu."

"You're going to see Li Mu?" Chen Yuan said in surprise, "Why are you going to see him?"

Chen Yuan did not know about the relationship between Chen Wan and Li Mu. Chen Wan had never talked to him about the relationship between her and Li Mu, including the micro film of Oldboys and the promotion of her by Makino Technology. In Chen Yuan's view, he thought that Li Mu was helping Chen Wan for the sake of Zhang Kexuan. He did not know that the relationship between Chen Wan and Li Mu was much closer than the relationship between Zhang Kexuan and Li Mu.

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu at this time, smiled and said to her dad on the phone, "Li Mu said that if I go to Yan Jing with you, he will be in charge of entertaining me."

Chen Yuan did not react for a moment. After a while, he asked, "Are you in contact with Li Mu?"

Chen Wan said in her heart that he was by her side now, but she said, "Of course we are in contact. He told me personally."

"He told you that personally?" Chen Yuan was even more confused.

Chen Wan said, "Li Mu called me in the morning. I told him that I was going to Thailand with my parents, and he said that you might not be able to accompany me. He even kept me in suspense by saying that you were going to Yan Jing and invited me to go with you. He said that he would personally entertain you. I was confused at first and only understood after I received your call."

Chen Wan understood, but her dad, Chen Yuan, did not. He asked her in confusion, "Are you close to Li Mu?"

Chen Wan said, "Yes, very close."