Chapter 704

After waiting for a few minutes, the staff at the check-in desk finished making the credentials and chest tags of the four people.

Song Liang handed Li Mu's chest tag to him and handed him a schedule. He said, "At 11: 30, the president of the Real Estate Association will give an opening speech. Some leaders of the Yan Jing Municipal Government will also be present. Are there any of them you are familiar with?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'm most familiar with the leaders of the police system in the municipal government. I guess they won't be here. Then there's the leaders of the education system. It's even more impossible for them to come on this occasion."

Song Liang remembered that he and Chen Ze had invited the leaders of the Construction Committee to dinner and ran into Li Mu, Su Yingxue, and Su Yingxue's aunt's family. He subconsciously asked, "Is your girlfriend's uncle in the Construction Committee?"

Li Mu suddenly thought of Wang Shaohua and nodded. "I didn't think of it if you didn't mention it. I guess the leaders of their unit will come to support us today."

Song Liang nodded. When he was greeting them, Li Mu heard someone call him, "Xiaomu."

Li Mu turned around and saw that the person who greeted him was Wang Shaohua.

So Li Mu said in surprise, "Uncle Wang, you're here too."

Wang Shaohua accompanied Liu Limin and Secretary Liu to attend the meeting today. Originally, the association had only invited Secretary Liu, but Secretary Liu had always regarded Wang Shaohua as his confidant since the last incident, so he specially brought Wang Shaohua along today. He intended to get Ma Bingliang to the construction committee of a neighboring county at the end of the year, and then promote Wang Shaohua. Today happened to be the real estate summit, so he brought Wang Shaohua here in advance, hoping to make him familiar with the industry. It did not matter to the real estate developers from other places, but the local real estate developers in Yan Jing. Many of their places were controlled by the construction committee, so they were very concerned about the situation of the construction committee.

This time, Wang Shaohua was also very excited to be brought to the meeting by Secretary Liu. Apart from anything else, this was at least a signal released by Secretary Liu within the Construction Committee that he valued him enough to bring him to such a relatively important occasion. However, Wang Shaohua also knew very well that he could get such treatment basically because of Li Mu. He didn't expect to meet Li Mu here, so he said very enthusiastically, "Secretary Liu is also on the invitation list for this summit. He has a speech in the morning, so I came with him to see the world."

Li Mu nodded and introduced Wang Shaohua to Song Liang, Dufy, and Chen Fang. Song Liang also greeted Wang Shaohua very politely, and then said to the two of them, "You talk first, we won't disturb you. See you later."

Li Mu nodded to Song Liang. Anyway, the check-in had been completed, and there was still more than half an hour to go. He was not in a hurry, so he chatted with Wang Shaohua at the door.

The two of them found a corner that was not in the way. Wang Shaohua asked Li Mu, "You just returned home on Tuesday, right? You're back so soon?

When did you arrive? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I was busy with all kinds of things in Yan Jing, so I didn't stay at home. I came back yesterday afternoon."

Wang Shaohua sighed and said, "I'm afraid your parents will have a problem with it, won't they?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I also picked them up. Today, my assistant accompanied them to the Forbidden City."

Wang Shaohua nodded and asked him, "Did Yingxue say when she will come back?"

Li Mu said, "Also, it is estimated that she will stay at home for at least a month."

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "When you are free, let's have a drink. Your Auntie Su and Xinran will not be in Yan Jing in the next few days."

Li Mu asked curiously, "They went out?"

Wang Shaohua nodded. "In a few days, the movie produced by your Makino Image will start shooting in Egret Island, right? Your Auntie Su happened to take an annual leave. Taking advantage of the weekend, she took Xinran back to Haizhou today. She is going to stay in Haizhou for a few days, and then send her to Egret Island."

"Those Years" was also about to start shooting. The time chosen by Su Yuehua and Wang Xinran was quite suitable.

Wang Shaohua saw that it was getting late, so he said to Li Mu, "It's almost time. Let's go in."

Li Mu responded, and the two of them walked side by side into the venue. Just as they were about to enter the door, they heard a series of hurried footsteps behind them, and a slightly familiar female voice said breathlessly, "Hello, I'm going to sign in."

Li Mu subconsciously looked back and saw a dignified and stunning woman in a black dress standing in front of the sign-in desk and talking to the staff. From the side, her figure was almost perfect, and her slightly curly long hair and high nose bridge set off the perfect face of her profile. Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief in his heart. Wei Lan really came!

He breathed a sigh of relief because Wei Lan came, but the next moment, Li Mu's heart was inexplicably nervous. Wang Shaohua saw Li Mu stop and look back, so he subconsciously followed his gaze and was also stunned by Wei Lan's profile. However, he was a married man who loved his family, so he just simply admired the beautiful woman, unlike a young man like Li Mu who couldn't control his heart that was about to fly away at any time.

At this time, Wei Lan also felt a gaze on her left side. She subconsciously turned her head and looked at Li Mu. In an instant, she recognized Li Mu and looked at him in surprise. "Mr. Li, how could you …"

Wei Lan had a very good impression of Li Mu in her heart. For her, Li Mu was the only good person she had met recently for a long time.

Since her own company had problems, and since her father had gone abroad because he was worried about being implicated in criminal charges, among all kinds of people Wei Lan had met, almost no one was kind. They either wanted to take advantage of the situation, or wanted to pretend to be helpful, but in essence, they wanted to take the opportunity to get something from her. Only Li Mu, even if her villa's price was too high, did not bargain. He was very gentlemanly during the whole transaction, and he even took the initiative to send her back to the airport. He was not like those men with bad intentions, looking for all kinds of endless topics to chat about, or frequently harassing her after the transaction.

It was not that Wei Lan was narcissistic. Ever since she entered the real estate industry, every man who met her in the business world would try to establish a close relationship with her after work, and most of them were very ambiguous. Only Li Mu, after the transaction was completed and he sent her to the airport, she did not receive any calls from him. She did not even receive a text message.

When Li Mu saw that Wei Lan recognized him, he was happy in his heart, but on the surface, he was very calm and nodded at her. Separated by about two meters, he said to her, "Miss Wei, so you are also in the real estate industry."

"Yes, I did not expect you to be in the real estate industry too."

Wei Lan smiled slightly. She also wanted to ask Li Mu this question. The last time they met, she thought that Li Mu was a young rich second generation, probably a rich second generation who was still studying. But she did not expect that Li Mu would also participate in this real estate industry summit. Could it be that he had already entered the real estate industry at such a young age?

For a long time, Wei Lan's whole mind was devoted to her family's business and the crisis her father was facing. Before she met Li Mu, she did not know any information related to Li Mu from any channel. She did not even know what 3321 was. Although she also used YY, she really did not know who did YY. So when she saw Li Mu here, she was quite surprised.

Wang Shaohua saw that the two knew each other, and said to Li Mu, "Little Mu, you guys talk, I have to go in."

Naturally, Li Mu was not willing to let go of this good opportunity to chat with Wei Lan, so he said goodbye to Wang Shaohua. After Wang Shaohua went in, he came to Wei Lan and asked her curiously, "May I know which company Miss Wei represents?"

The person in charge of signing in was processing the documents for Wei Lan. There was nothing for Wei Lan to cooperate with, so Wei Lan took out a business card from her handbag and handed it to Li Mu. She said, "Jun Cheng Real Estate in Shanghai, this is my business card."

Li Mu took the business card and looked at it. Wei Lan's title was the General Manager of Jun Cheng Real Estate in Shanghai. He did not know much about the real estate industry in Shanghai, so he did not know what level this Jun Cheng Real Estate was. However, since she could be invited to the summit, it must be at least one of the top 100 in the domestic real estate industry. Wei Lan's title was General Manager. It seemed that she was indeed as he had guessed, a senior in the real estate industry, and her rank was very high.

Li Mu subconsciously wanted to take out his business card, but then he realized that he did not have Wan Ying Real Estate's business card. Because he was only one of the shareholders of Wan Ying Real Estate, he did not have any position, so he did not have a business card printed. Therefore, Li Mu could only show his business card to Wei Lan and said with a slightly embarrassed smile, "I'm really sorry, I just came with a friend to see the world, so I don't have a business card."

Wei Lan did not find it strange. After all, Li Mu was too young, and it would be strange if he was working in a real estate company at the age of 20. However, Wei Lan still took a serious look at his business card. When she saw Wan Ying Real Estate, she said in surprise, "Wan Ying Real Estate, the Wan Ying Real Estate that bet six plots of land in Beijing's East Third Ring Road, right?"

Although Wei Lan did not dabble in the real estate industry in Beijing, she still had a certain understanding of the real estate industry. If it wasn't for her family, she would be able to keep up with the developments in the real estate industry in the country. Now that her energy was limited by half, it did not prevent her from hearing about Wan Ying Real Estate.

Li Mu also frankly nodded with a smile, "That's right, it's that Wan Ying Real Estate."

Wei Lan sighed, "Wan Ying Real Estate is very famous in the domestic real estate industry recently!

I wonder what's the relationship between Mr. Li and this company?

Is it your family business or … "

Li Mu did not hide it and said with a smile, "I'm a shareholder of Wan Ying Real Estate."

This sentence gave Wei Lan a fright. Shareholder?

It was said that Wan Ying Real Estate only mortgaged six plots of land to the bank for 7 billion in cash. In fact, they had seven plots of land in the East Third Ring Road. More than one industry insider said that if Wan Ying Real Estate developed all seven plots of land, it would not be a problem for them to make a net profit of at least 3 billion. If the land price of the East Third Ring Road rose rapidly, and Wan Ying Real Estate made full use of the one year construction deadline and created various opportunities to delay the construction, the profit of these seven plots of land might even reach 4 billion. The profit margin was huge!

There were very few real estate companies that could lock in such a huge profit right from the start, not to mention that Wan Ying Real Estate was a real estate company that had just arrived in Beijing, and the young Li Mu was actually a shareholder of this company. This made Wei Lan look at Li Mu in a different light. She inwardly thought that Li Mu was not as simple as a second-generation tycoon …