Chapter 1130

The information that Chen Ze had obtained made Li Mu furious!

The Mu Ying ticketing system had two strategic meanings for him. First, it could be used as a tool to sell tickets online. Then, they could earn a share of the box office. Second, it could transfer the total box office to the ticketing system. This way, he could control the entire film industry and help Makino Image penetrate the upstream and downstream of the film industry.

For Li Mu, money was always the last thing in the strategic planning stage. In this strategic stage, the second point mentioned above was the greatest significance of the Mu Ying ticketing system. If the higher-ups really separated the ticketing system and made it a tool for the major cinemas to control it, then the system would be useless to him except for making money.

For example, the Mu Ying ticketing system was Shengda's hot-blooded legend. Although it was made up of dozens of districts, it was an independent entity under Shengda's control. If Shengda's control was taken away and these districts were split up, wouldn't it be a mess?

Shengda could not interfere with anything other than collecting money. Its own product would become someone else's tool.

Li Mu cursed, which was rare for him. "Damn it, someone must be stabbing me in the back. This is too f * cking despicable!"

Chen Ze advised, "Don't get so angry. There are indeed people behind this. They described your Shadow Leopard's ticketing system as a cancer in the film and television industry. They've successfully made a lot of enemies in the industry, but you don't have to worry too much about it. With your current social status and influence, no one can dismantle your Shadow Leopard's ticketing system if you're a little tougher."

Li Mu nodded and sighed.

Of course, he knew that it was only the higher-ups of the film industry who wanted to talk to him. He didn't know what the higher-ups would ask of him. Even if they wanted to dismantle the Mu Ying ticketing system, he could definitely keep the product if he forcefully refused. However, this kind of forceful solution could only keep the ticketing system, but it wouldn't change the attitude of the entire film industry. He didn't know how the people from the film companies would demonize his ticketing system.

Thinking of this, Li Mu was a little angry. There were people with vested interests in every industry. In order to maintain their own interests, they hoped that the industry would never be innovated or improved. It was just like how the national bank castrated the WIFI function.

Needless to say, Li Mu could guess that by suppressing the box office of "The Hero," he had affected the interests of many people. At the same time, he had also given others something to talk about and a reason to diverge their thoughts. However, the incited leaders of the film and television companies were really brainless. It was true that he had suppressed "The Hero," but he was fighting a non-contact war. He had used his influence in other fields and his own publicity campaign. He had not used the Shadow Mudra ticketing system to suppress "The Hero."

Anyone with a bit of foresight would be able to tell what the ticketing system meant to the box office of the movie.

It was equivalent to an industrial revolution in the film industry. The real innovation was the solution that allowed customers to pay to watch movies. This solution was developing very quickly. If we ignored the SARS outbreak next year, the national box office sales could increase by at least three times or more. This also meant that the cake of the film and television industry had expanded by three times. Those who could not fill their stomachs in the past could now fill their stomachs; those who could fill their stomachs in the past could now eat well; those who could eat well in the past could now eat grease from their mouths.

If this system was really killed because of the joint complaint of these b * stards, then the entire industry would have to wait at least another three years before it could usher in a new era.

After thinking about it, Li Mu immediately called Chen Tong, who was in charge of the blog at Makino Technology, and told him to get ready to cooperate with him. At this time, Li Mu was ready to fight back!

…

Some people in the film and television industry who hated Li Mu did not plan to stop there. On the contrary, in order to increase the pressure on their superiors and to gain enough support from the masses, they began to hire all kinds of writers to speak out in various fields.

Some people wrote a column in the newspaper, saying that the film and television industry was the bridgehead of the cultural field. In order to ensure its purity, it must not be "networked." Some people spoke frankly in front of the cameras of the reporters, saying that moving movie ticket sales to the Internet was tantamount to pulling up the seedlings of the film and television industry. Although there was a temporary boom at the moment, in the long run, it would definitely bring a huge blow to the domestic box office.

These voices were all outwardly strong but inwardly weak. It sounded sensational, but there was no reliable logic to support their own theories. Why couldn't the film and television industry be networked?

Why was the online ticket system pulling up seedlings to help them grow?

In Li Mu's opinion, these theories were simply incongruous. They were simply defaming the film for the sake of defaming it.

Apart from these arguments, there were also people who felt injustice for "The Hero." These people almost regarded "The Hero" as the pinnacle of the domestic film industry, advocating how perfect the plot of "The Hero" was, how ingenious the director was in handling every scene, and even promoted the strong cultural heritage of this film, which became the essence of Hua Xia's five thousand years of civilization. However, it was such a "classic" film that encountered the most dismal Waterloo in the history of Hua Xia's film industry in the box office. The factor of suppression was obvious.

A large number of writers targeted the Makino Image and the Mu Ying ticketing system, but none of them dared to say it out loud. They only vaguely scolded the locust while pointing at the mulberry. They hoped that they could use such comments to create a public opinion effect and further pressure their superiors.

Li Mu didn't care about this kind of behavior at all. He didn't give any substantial response, but just quietly watched this group of people jump around in the film and television industry and the media industry.

To Li Mu, he had two kings, four twos, four aces, four kings, four qs, and four jacks in his hands. His opponent didn't even have a single card to cross the river. They thought that they could successfully steal a chicken with an airplane and a straight. It was simply a pipe dream. Against such people, it was fine if Li Mu didn't play his cards. As long as he played his cards, he could easily blow up all of his opponent's cards.

Therefore, the only thing that Li Mu took the initiative to do in this matter was to have Zhao Kang find a way to find out who was pulling strings behind the scenes and stirring up the entire film and television industry bit by bit. As long as he found out who the culprit was, he would definitely have a way to make his life a living hell in this industry!

Two days later, an uneasy Ning Hao walked into the SARFT with a confused look on his face.

As the representative of the Makino Image, at that moment, he felt very uncertain.

Ning Hao admitted that other than being involved in movies, he couldn't do anything else. Asking him to come over as a company's leader to talk to the superiors, other than feeling nervous, he had no idea how he was going to deal with the various questions that the superiors would raise.

Fortunately, he had Li Mu's instructions. If the superiors raised a request and he didn't know what to say, then he could just say that he couldn't make the decision and would pass on the instructions to the superiors.

When Ning Hao arrived at the designated office as scheduled, the superiors who were going to meet Ning Hao had been waiting for him for a long time.

The superiors had already made a plan. This time, they were going to find a way to break up the ticketing system of Mu Ying. On the surface, they were going to break up the ticketing system and let all the cinemas have the right to make decisions. After a period of time, they would use the reason of unified management as an excuse to reassemble the system. At that time, they would make decisions and position themselves.

Ning Hao went in with a confused look. Ten minutes later, he came out angrily.

He didn't expect that the superiors would really want to break up the ticketing system of Mu Ying. They asked the Makino Image to publish the code of the ticketing system and all the backstage information. At the same time, the online ticketing services of the cinemas would be controlled by the cinemas themselves. As the solution provider, Makino Image could take 5% of the online ticket sales according to the previous contract.

After listening to the superiors' requests, Ning Hao was so angry that all his nervousness disappeared. He only replied, "I'm sorry, superiors. I can't make the decision on this matter. Our Li Zong has to approve it in person."

When the superiors heard Ning Hao mention Li Mu, they all looked a little nervous. After a while, they returned to normal. For them, although they couldn't afford to offend Li Mu, they could afford to offend the ticketing system of Mu Ying, because its business was within their jurisdiction. According to the law, they had the right to rectify it. This was in line with the smart positioning system, and it didn't involve any illegal operations. In that case, they didn't care whose company it was.

Therefore, one of the superiors blurted out, "Then tell your Li Zong that we're not negotiating. We're just informing him of our final decision. Let him implement it as soon as possible. Otherwise, we have the right to thoroughly rectify your Makino Image and Mu Ying's ticketing system. We can even abolish the relevant qualifications of your company."

Then, the meeting ended, and Ning Hao was invited out.

The angry Ning Hao immediately reported this to Li Mu. Li Mu didn't show much emotion. For him, he wasn't afraid of anyone taking away the ticketing system of Mu Ying. He just wanted to know who was behind this.

Fortunately, Zhao Kang's investigation soon came to a conclusion. According to the information he obtained, there was a group of fake reviewers who were responsible for defaming Makino Image and Mu Ying's ticketing system on the internet. They had a close relationship with the production company of "The Hero." In order to cooperate more conveniently with the company, the fake reviewers had registered a technology company, and then used the company's shell to transfer money to the production company of "The Hero."

The more detailed evidence was that the production company of "The Hero" had remitted a total of 57,000 RMB to the fake reviewers three times.