Chapter 611

After hanging up the phone, Dufy couldn't help but ask Du Kecheng, "Dad, what did Yanjing TV say?"

32

Du Kecheng had already relaxed a lot. He said indifferently, "Li Mu has already asked the PR of Makino Technology to contact the media in the mainland. There won't be any problems in the mainland for the time being. It all depends on how Hong Kong handles it."

Dufy's grandfather's tone also calmed down a little. He said, "This Li Mu is quite responsible and quick to react."

Du Kecheng nodded and said, "Responsible, quick to react, and methodical. He's the type to do big things. I think we shouldn't get involved in this matter for now. Let's wait and see how Li Mu will solve it."

Du Wei said with a smile, "I told you that Big Brother Li Mu is very reliable."

She was very open-minded. She felt that there was no need for her to take this kind of thing that was made out of nothing to heart. She was innocent, and she didn't need to care about how others slandered her. What touched her the most at present was Li Mu's determination to protect her. In her opinion, the sense of security that Li Mu brought her was almost second only to that of her father.

Du Kecheng lit a cigar and took a few puffs. "When this matter is over, I definitely won't let that Zu guy off!"

Du Wei's grandfather asked him, "The Zu family doesn't have much power in Hong Kong, right?"

Du Kecheng nodded slightly and said with a sneer, "The Zu family looks glamorous in Hong Kong, but they are actually small shrimps."

The old man grunted and took out a cigar from the coffee table. He took two puffs and said slowly, "Since they are small shrimps, after this matter is over, don't let them jump around again."

…

Zu Yaoting had indeed underestimated the situation. Although he had some power in Hong Kong and had a thorough understanding of the people in Hong Kong, he really didn't do enough homework on Li Mu and Du Wei.

Originally, he thought that Li Mu was just a nouveau riche from the mainland, and Du Wei was just a newcomer who had just sung a few songs in the mainland. In the eyes of a Hong Kong playboy, he had a certain degree of contempt for Li Mu and Du Wei from the mainland. Plus, Hong Kong was his home ground. As the saying goes, a fierce dragon doesn't cross the river, let alone a worm.

Zu Yaoting had long seen that Li Mu had brought Du Wei all the way to Hong Kong to attend the dinner of the Seedling Protection Foundation. He wanted to find an opportunity to develop in Hong Kong. Therefore, after being put on the spot by Li Mu that day, he immediately made preparations. Once Du Wei really came to Hong Kong to develop her career, he would immediately give her a fatal blow and make Li Mu's wishful thinking fail. As expected, Du Wei's new song became popular in Hong Kong. This was the best time for Zu Yaoting to take revenge on Li Mu.

Zu Yaoting was very proud now. Although he knew that he and Li Mu might not meet again, the pleasure of burning the other's hard work still made him very excited. He stayed in his office the whole morning, switching TV channels back and forth. In his opinion, Du Wei had rushed to the top of the Longhu List and was very famous. At this time, he made such a complete and credible fake news, which would definitely attract a lot of people's attention. In this case, even if the orthodox media didn't believe his report or had doubts about it, they would definitely not let this news go. At least they would stand on the basis of not making a clear statement and simply report this matter. But the strange thing was that no TV station responded the whole morning.

Zu Yaoting couldn't help cursing in his heart. In the past, if there was any major scandal about him, the media would respond immediately. Why did they suddenly become silent now?

While he was wondering, TVB Jade TV happened to broadcast a temporary notice. The notice said: Xiao Fangfang, the president of the Children Protection Foundation, singers Zhang Guorong, Mo Wenwei, Zhang Xueyou, and Liang Yongqi would be guests at the noon news broadcast at noon to clarify the false reports of Du Wei by Banana Newspaper and other gossip newspapers. At that time, the noon news program would be broadcast live.

Zu Yaoting was dumbfounded at once. Xiao Fangfang was going to go on TV to clarify for Du Wei?

Wasn't she meddling too much in this matter?

And Zhang Guorong, for so many years, he could only swallow his anger for the reports of his newspapers and magazines. Why was he so angry now that he dared to directly go on TV to refute him?

Wasn't he afraid that he would plan some more gossip for him?

And that Mo Wenwei, what did he mean?

What's his business here?

Are you trying to show off?

I didn't target you, so you think I don't dare to touch you?

As for Zhang Xueyou and Liang Yongqi, why did they come here?

What's their business here?

At this moment, Zu Yaoting had a faint feeling that something was wrong. The influence of these five people was really great. If they really wanted to support Du Wei, he couldn't rely on his own gossip newspapers at all. What he was most worried about now was whether these five people would expose the real story of what happened at the Children Protection Foundation that night on TV. If they exposed what happened that night, he would be in big trouble, and he would definitely cause public anger in Hong Kong.

However, Zu Yaoting quickly comforted himself. He felt that Zhang Guorong had never taken advantage of him. He had disgusted Zhang Guorong so many times, but when had he ever fought against him directly?

What's more, he deliberately disgusted Mr. Tang that day. If Mr. Tang restored the truth on TV, he would inevitably mention his own sexual orientation. This issue was too sensitive, and he would definitely not dare to. He had investigated Mr. Tang's medical situation and knew that Mr. Tang suffered from severe depression. In this way, it was even more impossible for Mr. Tang to mention the thing that he had always avoided and been distressed about on TV.

Thinking of this, Zu Yaoting was a little relieved. It didn't matter if the news he made up this time was clarified by the five people together. He could find another opportunity to come again. Anyway, the newspapers and magazines belonged to him, and he could publish the sequel whenever he wanted. No one could stop him.

Seeing that there were less than 20 minutes before the noon news broadcast, Zu Yaoting was not in the mood to have lunch. He stayed in his office alone with a cold face, waiting to see what the five people could do.

Not only Zu Yaoting, but also the whole Hong Kong was shocked by this temporary notice. The negative news of Du Wei just broke out in the morning, and Xiao Fangfang took two pioneer ambassadors and two image spokespersons of the Seedling Protection Fund to clarify on TV. Xiao Fangfang was a senior artist with very high qualifications. Zhang Guorong's influence was needless to say. Mo Wenwei was also famous in Hong Kong, and she was regarded as an A-list actress. Zhang Xueyou and Liang Yongqi were also real A-list stars. The five people were influential people in the entertainment circle. They came out together to clarify for Du Wei, which was really a bit big. Was there really something hidden in it?

At present, the attention of Hong Kong people on this matter had far exceeded the attention of Du Wei herself. This matter had become the most concerned news in Hong Kong today. Everyone was waiting to see what the five stars would say on TV.

The noon news was broadcast on time.

The host first reported the news as usual. After the program's prepared news content was broadcast, the host reminded, "Ladies and gentlemen, today, Ms. Xiao Fangfang, the president of the Seedling Protection Fund, Mr. Zhang Guorong, Miss Mo Wenwei, the image ambassadors of the Seedling Protection Fund, Mr. Zhang Xueyou, and Miss Liang Yongqi will be guests on the noon news. They will jointly clarify the reports about the new singer Du Wei in Banana Newspaper and other newspapers and magazines. Now they are ready in Studio No. 2. Let's go to an advertisement. After the advertisement, I will broadcast it live for you in Studio No. 2."

Five veteran stars had come forward to clarify the negative news for a new female singer. This was unprecedented in Hong Kong's entertainment industry. The influence of these five people together was too great, so almost all of Hong Kong was paying attention to this matter, especially Zhang Guorong's fans. In recent years, Zhang Guorong had been particularly low-key. She rarely involved herself in the film and television industry and rarely participated in TV programs, so they hadn't seen their idol appear on TV for a long time.

After a few minutes of advertising, the television screen switched to a larger studio. This studio was a little similar to the Phoenix Satellite TV's Sonorous Trio. The overall atmosphere was slightly more scholarly. In the middle, there was a small conference table. The host and the five A-list stars, led by Xiao Fangfang, were sitting at the conference table.

The live broadcast officially began. The host made a brief and direct opening, briefly introducing the reports on Du Wei by several gossip newspapers this morning. After the host finished stating the contents of the reports, he did not express his personal opinions. Instead, he said, "Regarding these reports, Ms. Xiao Fangfang hopes to personally clarify the cause and effect of this matter in front of all the people of Hong Kong. Therefore, we will now ask President Xiao of the Seedling Protection Fund to explain the unknown truth behind this matter to us."

Xiao Fangfang nodded and said indignantly to the camera, "I saw these reports this morning. To be honest, before today, I never thought that someone would be so shameless as to create such despicable fake news to slander an 18-year-old girl and a promising young man. But some people just did it. It's really an eye-opener for me, and it also made my definition of the word 'despicable' much clearer!"

After a pause, Xiao Fangfang continued, "I think everyone knows who created these newspapers and magazines to slander Miss Du Wei and Mr. Li Li Mu. Since I'm sitting here today, I'm not going to hide it. These newspapers and magazines that slander Miss Du are all businesses controlled by Zu Yaoting. As for why Zu Yaoting did such a despicable and shameless thing, with Leslie's consent, I've brought a video. Later, the director will broadcast it for everyone. I believe that after watching this video, the truth will naturally be revealed!"

Hearing this, Zu Yaoting's heart suddenly skipped a beat. He couldn't help cursing, "F * ck you!

Zhang, do you really want to fight with me? "