Chapter 1630

Li Mu sent Wei Lan out and watched her drive away. Only then did he let the dog play freely in the yard. He went back to check the luggage that Wei Lan had packed for him.

Wei Lan was much more meticulous than Li Mu, so after looking through it, Li Mu was completely relieved.

At ten o 'clock, Li Ziwei arrived at Ziyun Villa with the motorcade. Li Mu handed the luggage to the assistants of the motorcade to help load it into the car, while he led the dog into the Benz MPV.

Li Ziwei, who was sitting in the passenger seat, didn't expect Li Mu to bring the dog with him. She asked in surprise, "Li Zong, are you bringing the dog with you to the Yun Province this time?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "I'm bringing him to see the world."

Li Ziwei giggled and said, "He's a royal dog after all. He grew up in Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle. What hasn't he seen?"

Li Mu said seriously, "It's because he's of royal blood that he stays in the Queen's castle all day. That's why he hasn't seen much of the world. When we get to the Yun Province, let him have his fun in the fields and forests on the hillsides."

The motorcade drove all the way to Yanjing Airport. On the way there, Li Ziwei received a call from the aviation department. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the boss of the charter company called to say that he's very sorry. Because of your rushed schedule this time, we can only transfer an older business jet at the last minute. The conditions may be slightly inferior. He hopes that you don't mind."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's only three or four hours. It doesn't matter if the conditions are a little inferior."

As he spoke, Li Mu suddenly remembered what Chen Ze mentioned to him last time. A wealthy businessman in Hong Kong seemed to have a brand new Gulfstream G 550 that seemed to be changing hands. He had asked him to help pull some strings, but he didn't know how far it had progressed.

So Li Mu called Chen Ze directly. As soon as the phone was connected, he went straight to the point and asked him, "Old Chen, you said last time that a Gulfstream G 550 was going to be sold. What's the situation now?"

Chen Ze said, "I've already helped you communicate with the other party. The owner of the plane is indeed interested in making a move, but he's currently in Australia and might be back in a few days."

Li Mu asked him, "Can we trade when we come back?

If it's possible, I'll get someone to talk to him about the price. If it's suitable, we'll buy it. "

Chen Ze said, "It shouldn't be a big problem. I'll help you confirm with him later. As for the price, he wanted to increase the price by about ten points on the basis of the original price. After all, he placed the order for the plane and waited for two years. He might not have flown it yet."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter as long as the handover is fast. It's too troublesome to always rent a plane at the last minute."

Chen Ze said, "Then I'll directly confirm the price with him. I'll give him 810 points on the basis of the original price. If he can accept it, ask him to come to Yanjing to sign the contract with you as soon as possible. If he doesn't have time, ask him to directly send a lawyer, transfer the plane, and let the lawyer sign the contract on his behalf."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's best if it can be done as soon as possible."

"Okay." Chen Ze said, "I'll contact you after it's done."

…

Li Mu brought Li Ziwei, Wang Yuanlang, three Makino Technology reporters, and a corgi. After a few hours of flight, they landed at Spring City Airport. After landing, they directly took the airport shuttle to the helicopter parking area.

The main filming location and the entire base were built more than a hundred kilometers away from Spring City. Although it wasn't far, it would take at least three hours to get there by car from the airport. More than half of these three hours would be spent on the winding mountain roads.

Makino Technology didn't have their own fleet in Spring City. If they went by land, not only would it be slow, dangerous, and difficult to coordinate.

Therefore, taking the helicopter directly over was the best choice.

The two helicopters prepared by the airline company had a 1 + 4 layout, which meant that there was one pilot and five seats in the cabin. Therefore, Li Mu brought Gouzi, Li Ziwei, and Wang Yuanlang to sit in one of the helicopters. The other two people and the three reporters sat in the other one. The luggage, especially the hundred-square-meter heavy alcohol, was distributed in the cargo hold of the two helicopters.

After the helicopter took off, it headed southwest of Spring City. After passing through Spring City, they passed through dozens of mountains before arriving above a basin in the mountains.

Because this place was much farther west than Yan Jing, even though it was already six o 'clock, the sky was already bright. From the helicopter, Li Mu could see that there was a simple airport made of yellow soil in the basin. From afar, there were a few old World War II fighter jets parked on the runway.

There were many tents of different sizes around the airport, as well as all kinds of vehicles. There were also all kinds of trucks and container trucks.

When the helicopter arrived above the simple airport, there were already pilots on the runway guiding the helicopter to land. On both sides of the runway, there were crowds of people. At a rough glance, there were at least a few hundred people.

As the helicopter descended, Li Mu could already see the clothes of the people below clearly. The people closest to the inner circle were many armed police soldiers in military uniforms. Behind them were almost the entire cast and crew, as well as many extras.

After the helicopter landed steadily, the pilot jumped down to help Li Mu open the door of the helicopter. Just as Li Mu was about to get off the helicopter, Spielberg ran over with his back bent.

Li Mu held the dog, who was a little scared by the helicopter. As soon as he landed, Spielberg shouted in his ear, "Mr. Li, welcome to Yun Province. This way, please."

Li Mu nodded and hugged the dog tightly in his arms. He looked around and found that there were about a dozen World War II fighter jets with shark logos neatly parked on the inner side of the runway. Although he didn't know how many of them were models and how many were replicas, he had to admit that the solid yellow soil and the classic World War II fighter jets really created a visual effect of World War II.

After a few glances, Li Mu and Li Ziwei followed Spielberg and other staff straight to the largest tent in the entire filming site.

Coming to the tent, away from the roar of the helicopter, the dog in his arms calmed down a little. Only then did Li Mu put it down. He held the leash with one hand and looked inside the tent in front of him.

The space inside the tent was as big as a studio. It felt like it was specially used for battle command. It was very spacious inside and could accommodate at least a hundred people.

Before he could say anything, Tom Hanks, Leonardo, Annie, Hathaway, Du Wei, Liu Ye, and the other main actors walked in one after another.

Du Wei was the first to greet Li Mu. Like a little girl, she ran directly in front of Li Mu and said excitedly, "Big brother Li Mu, you're here!"

Du Wei's pretty face was a little red, perhaps because she wasn't used to the southwest climate. Li Mu naturally reached out and touched her face with the back of his hand. He asked her with a smile, "Is it hard to film here?"

Being touched by Li Mu in front of everyone, Du Wei suddenly became shy and said shyly, "Filming isn't hard at all. It's quite interesting and I can learn a lot."

After saying that, she saw the dog that Li Mu was holding and asked in surprise, "Oh, is this the corgi that the queen gave you?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, this is it."

Du Wei squatted down and touched the dog's head. Then she raised her little face to look at Li Mu and asked, "Big brother Li Mu, what's its name?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's called a dog."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and said, "Why did you give it such a lame name?"

Li Mu said, "It has to be down-to-earth, not too foreign."

At this time, Tom Hanks came in front of Li Mu and extended his hand to Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Hello, Mr. Li, we meet again."

Li Mu handed the dog leash to Du Wei and shook hands with Tom Hanks. He said politely, "Tom, it's nice to see you again. You've worked hard on the crew!"

Tom Hanks smiled and said, "Believe me, Mr. Li, it's not hard at all to film here. On the contrary, it's a kind of enjoyment."

Li Mu glanced at Leonardo and asked, "Is that so, Leo?"

"Of course."

Leonardo came forward at this time and said with a smile, "The scenery and people here are amazing. Tom and I are full of feelings for this place. We're even planning to donate a primary school to the local area. The school's name is H & APAP. With this school, we'll definitely come back here regularly in the future to revisit the local customs."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "H & apap, is this the combination of the initials of your surnames?"

Leonardo nodded and said with a smile, "That's right."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't know why, but it sounds a little gay. But donating to a primary school is very meaningful. On behalf of the local children, I thank the two of you."

At this time, Spielberg said, "The entire airport set here was built with the help of the local people. We originally thought that it would take at least a month to build such a simple airport. Unexpectedly, with the help of the local people, we completed it in less than a week. The people here are really very simple, and everyone is grateful."

As he spoke, Spielberg said, "Mr. Li, I'm thinking of a way to apply to the local government. I hope to preserve this set and use it as a theme exhibition hall or a theme park for 'Flying Tigers' in the future. This will be a great help in promoting that period of history, and it can also bring some benefits to the local tourism economy. But I don't know much about the approval process for Hua Xia. I wonder if you can arrange for someone to help me?"