Chapter 1254

Whether it was a film academy student who had yet to graduate, or a veteran actor who was already in his sixties, to them, being able to act in "Flying Tigers" had become their biggest dream.

Liu Ye was also very eager to act in "Flying Tigers". Although he had been playing some delicate young characters since his debut, deep down in his heart, he was especially eager to play some tough characters, especially the image of a soldier. It was just that it was very difficult to come across such a scene, and even if he could, he might not have the opportunity to act in it.

So, although Liu Ye said that he needed to have a dream, in his heart, he also knew that a movie like "Flying Tigers" was not something he could dream of.

At this time, the agent sitting opposite him said, "I'll ask someone to see if we can get you a role in it. But to be honest, you really need to change your acting path. If there isn't a suitable script in the near future, then we'll think of a way to get you a commercial movie."

Liu Ye asked him, "Then can't we take on this movie about educated youth first?

At least go for an audition first. "

The agent sighed softly, "Although it's the other party's first time as a director, he has been in this industry for a long time. If he doesn't act after the audition, he will definitely offend people. So I think it's better to wait for a while and say that we're studying the script. If there really isn't a more suitable script, it won't be too late for us to go for the audition."

Liu Ye hesitated for a moment. Seeing his agent's determined eyes, he nodded lightly, "Alright then, I'll listen to your arrangements."

Liu Ye, who had just debuted, knew very well that the most important thing for him now was to listen to others and eat his fill. Movies were different from TV dramas, and the cost recovery model for TV dramas was also different from movies, so there was no so-called ratings poison in the TV drama industry. But movies were different. Many actors, after acting in a few movies, would be labeled as box office poisons. Generally, investors and directors were very cautious about such actors. Unless it was absolutely necessary, no one would want to use such actors. So, Liu Ye's agent's worries were not without reason. If he acted in these literary movies all day long, when would he be able to make a name for himself?

At this time, Liu Ye's agent could tell that Liu Ye was a little depressed, so he consoled him, "Don't think too much about it. Right now, TV dramas are very popular, so you definitely have to make a name for yourself. As for the movie business, we can take our time to think about it. As long as the TV dramas are popular and you are popular enough, we will definitely find a way to make a breakthrough in the movie business."

Liu Ye nodded and said helplessly, "We can only wait and see."

The agent intentionally changed the topic and asked him with a smile, "By the way, how are you doing?"

"Don't mention it."

Liu Ye said, "After I left Happy Base Camp, I wanted to go back. As a result, Xiangnan Satellite TV invited Chen Wan over, and this program was completely popular by Chen Wan. Bian has always regretted this matter. In addition, I can only do a small program on a local station recently, so I can't get over this hurdle."

In 2003, Liu Ye and Xie Xie were still in a relationship, and the two were still in a relationship. At this time in their previous life, the two had actually been separated because of their busy careers. However, Xie Xie lost the good opportunity of Happy Base Camp by accident, so the whole stardom suddenly fell into a quagmire. Now it was an awkward period where she couldn't get out no matter what, so she had a lot of free time and often came to Yanjing to accompany Liu Ye.

At this time, the agent sighed, "It's a pity. If Bian hadn't left Happy Base Camp, she might have become popular all over the country by now."

Liu Ye said, "No one can say for sure about this kind of thing. It's all her own path to choose. I've been persuading her recently that if it doesn't work out, she can switch to acting in TV dramas."

The agent said, "If she really has such an idea, she can sign a contract with our company. I'll help her find some good opportunities."

Liu Ye said, "It just so happens that she's in Yanjing. Do you want to have dinner together tonight?"

"Sure." The agent smiled and said, "Give her a call. I'll arrange it tonight."

Liu Ye nodded. Just as he took out his phone, it started vibrating. Liu Ye looked at the caller ID and suddenly smiled. "Speak of the devil, it's Bian."

With that, Liu Ye pressed the answer button and said with a smile, "Hello, Bian."

"Dear, are you done with your work?

I have something important to tell you in person. "

Liu Ye said, "Just in time. Brother Lan said he's going to treat us to dinner. Why don't we eat together?"

"Aiya."

Xie Xie hurriedly said, "I have something very important to tell you in person. It's great news!

Why don't you tell Brother Lan that we have something to do today? We can treat him to dinner another day! "

Liu Ye said curiously, "What's so important that you have to say it in person? Can't you just say it over the phone?"

"Aiya!"

Xie Xie stamped his feet anxiously. "I have to leave you with some suspense, but I can tell you first. This is definitely a great thing!

It's a great thing! "

Speaking up to this point, Xie Xie whispered, "I can't tell you this yet, and I can't let Brother Lan know. When we meet, I'll tell you and you'll understand."

Liu Ye could only say, "Alright, I'll tell Brother Lan."

"Okay, come back quickly after you're done. I'll wait for you at home."

"Okay."

Liu Ye hung up the phone and said to his agent, "Bian said she has something to tell me tonight. She said we'll treat you another day."

The agent nodded. "Okay, you two go ahead. We'll make an appointment another day."

…

After Liu Ye came out of the company, the first thing he did was to take a taxi back to his rented home in Yanjing. He was also very curious about what good news Xie Xie had to keep him in suspense.

As soon as he opened the door, Xie Xie rushed up to him excitedly. He pulled him into the room and closed the door. He couldn't hide his excitement and said to him, "I received a call today. Guess who called?"

Liu Ye said awkwardly, "There are more than a billion people in Hua Xia. How would I know who called you …"

Xie Xie curled his lips. "You're such a boring person. Guess, it's free!"

Liu Ye could only say, "Then you should at least give me a hint, right?"

Xie Xie immediately smiled and said, "Okay, then I'll give you a hint. The person who called is related to a movie."

"Related to a movie?"

"Yes!

And it's a movie you're looking forward to! "

Liu Ye said with a smile, "Could it be that Spielberg called you and asked me to play the male lead role in 'Flying Tigers', Hua Xia?"

"In your dreams!"

Xie Xie rolled his eyes at him and then said with a smile, "Although it's not as good as you think, the other party is indeed related to 'Flying Tigers'."

Then, Xie Xie asked him, "Do you know Ning Hao?"

"Ning Hao?"

Liu Ye thought for a moment and nodded. "I remember him. He was the producer of the micro film 'Old Boys', right?

After that, he has been working at Makino Image. "

"En."

Xie Xie nodded. "That's him. I heard that his relationship with Li Mu is very good. Li Mu authorizes most of the Makino Image's matters to him. He's very good."

"Really?" Liu Ye couldn't help but ask, "He was the one who called you?!"

"That's right."

Xie Xie said, "He has a classmate who has a good relationship with me, so he found my phone number and called me. He actually wanted to ask my friend for your contact information, so my friend directly gave him my phone number."

Liu Ye suddenly became excited and asked, "Then why did he call?"

Xie Xie said, "He called to say that he wants to sign you to Makino Image and become a signed artist of Makino Image."

"Sign a Makino Image contract?!"

Liu Ye said in surprise, "But I have a contract. My current contract will expire in three years …"

Xie Xie hurriedly said, "It doesn't matter. He said that no matter how long your contract is, it doesn't matter. Makino Image will help you settle it, and you don't need to pay for any breach of contract costs. They will settle it."

Liu Ye asked, "Then did they say anything about 'Flying Tigers'? If I agree to sign a contract with Makino Image, will they let me act in 'Flying Tigers'?"

Xie Xie said, "I asked. He said that as long as you sign a contract with Makino Image, they will definitely arrange a relatively important role for you in 'Flying Tigers'. As for what role, he didn't say clearly."

Signing a contract with Makino Image meant that he could get a relatively important role in 'Flying Tigers'. This was indeed great news for Liu Ye!

As soon as he heard this, he stood up from the sofa excitedly. His voice trembled as he said, "If that's the case, then I'm definitely willing to sign a contract with Makino Image!"

Xie Xie smiled and said, "I think so too. Makino Image has Li Mu and Makino Technology behind it. Now that it has launched a big project like 'Flying Tigers', its future prospects must be limitless."

Then, Xie Xie said, "Then I'll contact him now and see when he has time. Let's have a face-to-face chat."

Liu Ye hurriedly nodded, then suddenly said with some hesitation, "Oh, I can't explain to Brother Lan when the time comes. He has put in a lot of effort for me. If I really sign a contract with Makino Image, then I'll be too disloyal to him!"

"It's okay."

Xie Xie comforted him. "Ning Hao said that the specific details and conditions can be discussed face to face. If you really think that Brother Lan is good to you, why don't you talk to Ning Hao and ask if it's possible for Brother Lan to sign a contract with Makino Image as well? You two can go together and let Brother Lan be your agent."

"This …" Liu Ye hesitated and said, "I don't know if he will agree."

Xie Xie said, "Don't worry about whether he will agree or not. Talk to Ning Hao first. If he says it's okay, then we'll talk to Brother Lan. People go up, water flows down. I believe that Brother Lan will definitely make the right decision!"

Liu Ye nodded. "Then make an appointment with Ning Hao to meet and talk."

Xie Xie nodded and hurriedly called Ning Hao back.

After a while, Xie Xie hung up the phone and said excitedly, "Ning Hao attaches great importance to meeting you. He said that he'll drive over to pick us up for dinner later. We can talk while eating, and I agreed."