Chapter 1223

While Li Mu was having dinner with Wei Jun's family, YY started to push the news across the United States. Li Mu's article denouncing the Keane family, "Never-Bow-To-Anyone", was pushed to all American users.

This article that exposed the pursuit of fame by the big families in the United States immediately set off a huge response among the American public. It could be said that it was a stone that caused a thousand ripples. It suddenly became the hot news that the entire United States was paying attention to that night.

The attitude of the American people towards this matter was undoubtedly one-sided. Almost everyone was on Li Mu's side. On one hand, they supported Li Mu, but on the other hand, they were severely denouncing the Keane family.

The views expressed in this article by Li Mu were extremely well recognized by the American people. In the article, Li Mu said that he brought 3321 to the United States to do charity, not to make a penny, so he wouldn't care about anyone's attitude. If the Keane family thought that they had some power and wanted to borrow his chicken to lay eggs, then I'm sorry, I'll definitely fight you to the end, even if 3321 had to stop operating in the United States.

Li Mu's attitude suddenly pushed the Keane family to the forefront of the most despised. In the eyes of the American people, they were not only fame-seeking bastards, but also the main culprit who prevented 3321 from entering the United States. It was very likely that because of their shameless behavior, 3321 would not be able to enter the United States. This was a great sin in the hearts of the people.

Ever since Li Mu became famous with his lecture at Harvard, the business model of an internet charity product like 3321 was highly respected in the United States, especially for young university students. They were most looking forward to 3321 settling in the United States, and Li Mu had already started the preparations for 3321's US station with Harvard. However, he didn't expect the Keane family to appear in the middle of it all.

In the face of Li Mu's anger, the American people, who were extremely supportive of him, launched a large-scale denunciation of the Keane family. The internet was immediately flooded with waves of denouncing the Keane family. The television media, which had no interest in the Keane family, also began to follow up and report on it. In an instant, the incident was pushed to the extreme.

At the time of the incident, Paul Keane was having dinner with his family. It was his brother, Todd Keane, who called him to tell him the news.

Todd Keane scolded Paul on the phone, angrily accusing him of ruining the reputation of the entire Keane clan in order to boost his son's reputation. He also told Paul to find a way to deal with the aftermath as soon as possible, otherwise the clan would hold him responsible, and even remove James Keane from the position of heir. He told Paul to take care of himself.

Any group made up of many people must have their own system if they wanted to run well. It was the same for a family, a nation, and even more so for a country. Even a young couple with only two people must have their own functions, such as who earns the money, who manages the money, and who is in charge of daily affairs.

If there was a bug in the operation of this system, or if it was not compatible with the environment, or if it did not run smoothly enough, then this group of people would definitely have a big problem. The rise and fall of a dynasty depended on their system. The reunion and separation of a couple also depended on the system between them.

And a large clan that had developed to the present after a hundred years of history needed a scientific and accurate system to ensure the operation more than ordinary families and clans. Otherwise, it would not be able to last for a hundred years at all.

The structure of the entire Keane clan was extremely strict. The management of the clan was even more complicated and rigorous than that of an enterprise. For example, the real helmsman of the current Keane clan was Todd Keane. He was the eldest son. After the death of the old Keane, he became the chairman of the clan.

The overall operating model of the entire clan was that the chairman, as the supreme leader, had to lead the entire clan in making money and expanding. Others must not covet the position of the chairman, and the chairman must not let the rest of the clan suffer alone. On this basis, everyone followed the rules set by the ancestors, so that the clan could develop in the long run.

According to the order of seniority in the clan, if Todd Keane had a son, then his son would definitely become the next successor of the clan, as well as the leader of the clan. In order for him to fulfill the requirements of this role, the clan would invest an enormous amount of manpower, resources, and money into his training from an early age, so that he would have the highest chance of becoming an outstanding talent.

But unfortunately, Todd Keane did not have a son.

At the age of sixty, Todd Keane had married three women and had eight children, all of whom were daughters.

It was precisely because Todd Keane did not have a son that Paul Keane's son, the top student at Harvard, James Keane, had the opportunity to become the next helmsman of the clan.

However, James Keane was designated as the next helmsman later. When Todd was fifty years old, James Keane was fifteen years old. Because Todd Keane still could not give birth to a son, he could only be forced to follow the rules of the clan and position James Keane as the heir of the clan.

It was also because of this hidden story that during James Keane's childhood and adolescence, the clan did not invest enough energy and resources in training him. As a result, James Keane had some bad habits that could not be shown in public since he was a child. Laziness, vanity, fraud, these were all character labels that James Keane had formed before the age of fifteen.

In addition to James Keane, Paul Keane's younger brother, Edward Keane, had two sons. The eldest, Jack Keane, was already eighteen years old this year. Although he had not yet gone to college, he had already received an admission notice and a full scholarship from Yale University.

Frankly speaking, even Paul himself knew that although Jack was a few years younger than his son James, he was much better than his son when he was eighteen years old in terms of character, temperament, ability, and personal charm. This child's overall potential was much better than his son's, and he was very valued by his elder brother Todd. Even if Todd had never said anything about it, Paul could also feel that Todd was determined to hand over the position of heir to the clan to him.

Now, Todd called and said such a threatening warning, which made Paul particularly angry. On the one hand, he was angry at his elder brother's attitude, and on the other hand, he was even more angry at Li Mu's sudden attack.

Todd hung up the phone violently. Listening to the busy tone on the phone, Paul overturned the dining table on the spot.

His wife and son looked at him dumbfounded. They didn't understand why he suddenly lost his mind and became so angry.

Paul Keane, who was furious, gnashed his teeth and spat out a sentence after a long while, "This Li Mu is so hateful!

He is simply a crazy honey badger! "

His wife and son asked, "What did Li Mu do?!"

Paul Keane didn't have time to answer the question. He waved to his son and said, "Turn on the computer!"

At this moment, the Internet in the United States had taken denouncing the Keane family as the most important mission at present. The Internet was full of abuse and accusations against the Keane family. Many of them even named James Keane as the culprit. James Keane originally wanted to use 3321 to become famous in the United States. He didn't expect it to be realized in this way.

However, this way of realizing it, the price was too high. James Keane was the heir of the entire Keane family. If he became the object of disdain in the United States, how could he lead the Keane family in the future?

Paul Keane never dreamed that after the last negotiation ended on bad terms, he had been angrily rebuked by Li Mu. Before he could retaliate, Li Mu, who had despised him, made the first move.

This feeling was extremely f * cked up. It was like being slapped in the face by your neighbor. You were at home wondering whether you should rush to the other's house with your brothers and sisters to get back at them. But the other side, who had taken advantage of you, dragged the whole village to your own house to scold you. This was simply too sullen.

Moreover, Li Mu's public support in the United States was too high. All the relevant comments on the Internet were unsurprisingly all in favor of Li Mu. This immediately made Paul and his son worried. If things went on like this, James Keane was likely to become a public enemy. At that time, the current head of the Keane family, Paul's brother, Todd Keane, would definitely take this opportunity to kick James out of the position of heir.

James also knew very well that his uncle didn't like him that much. He made him the heir because of the situation at the time. If there was a chance to reverse the situation, he would not be lenient.

Paul Keane was extremely regretful at the moment. He was really f * cking reckless. He could provoke anyone, but he had to provoke Li Mu. Li Mu was simply a honey badger among humans. Whoever glared at him, he would chase them to their house and beat them, not to mention taking the initiative to make trouble.

Recalling the scene when he took the senator to Li Mu's plane to show off, Paul Keane regretted so much that his intestines turned green. The last time they met, he didn't get any advantage. Instead, he was humiliated by Li Mu. He didn't expect Li Mu to be so vengeful. He immediately stabbed him with a knife, and this knife was too ruthless. It was not cutting the bone, but stabbing the heart.

Although Paul Keane hated Li Mu, for the sake of his son's future, the first thing he thought of was to admit defeat to Li Mu. He understood the current situation very well. In any case, he had to admit defeat first. Only by admitting defeat could he have a chance to solve the big trouble in front of him. As for how to vent his anger, after this matter was over, there would be opportunities to slowly think of a way in the future.

Li Mu was eating at Wei Lan's home when his cell phone suddenly rang. A strange American number was calling. He said sorry to Wei Lan's family and walked out of the restaurant with his cell phone. Then he answered the phone and asked, "Hello, who is this?"

"Mr. Lee?!

I'm Paul, Paul Keane. I'm really sorry for offending you before. Please don't be too … "

Before Paul Keane could finish his words, Li Mu rudely interrupted him and said coldly in Chinese, "Go away."

After Li Mu finished speaking, he hung up the phone directly.