Chapter 720

"Hello, Li Zong. My brain short-circuited just now. Just think of it as a fart. Don't take it to heart!"

After Li Mu introduced himself, Song Zhilei's attitude immediately took a 180-degree turn.

Li Mu was very famous in the real estate circle. Everyone knew that he was not only a shareholder of Wanying Group, but also the boss of Makino Technology and Taobao. In terms of financial resources, he was definitely rich, and in terms of influence, ordinary people couldn't compare to him. Rich people like Li Mu were especially not to be trifled with. Not only was he rich, but he also had a lot of influence. If you offended him, he had the ability to dig out your loopholes and punish you to death. For example, Huang Shuolun, who was drunk driving and hit someone. Everyone knew that he was sent to jail by Li Mu, and because of this, Hongzhu Group also lost a piece of land. His fighting power was simply terrifying.

No matter what, Li Mu didn't want to communicate with Song Zhilei anymore. His tone was especially cold and threatening, "Next time, think before you fart. If you dare to insult Wei Lan again, I won't forgive you!"

After saying this, Li Mu hung up without hesitation.

Song Zhilei was just a small character. He had to give him absolute pressure and panic first. On the one hand, he had to let him know that he was someone he couldn't afford to offend. On the other hand, he had to let him understand that he spent 800 million to buy Wei Lan's shares. There was no other reason for him to spend 800 million to buy Wei Lan's shares.

As soon as he hung up, Song Zhilei completely panicked!

In his living room, Song Zhilei paced around anxiously. His wife was also anxious. She was afraid that half of her life's efforts would go to waste. She couldn't help but ask him, "Can you let that Li Mu buy our 20% shares as well?"

Song Zhilei looked at her and said angrily, "Did a dog eat your brain?

Wei Lan has to break her legs and lie on his bed for three years to get money from him. What the hell am I supposed to do?

I'm willing to lie on his bed for three years, but will he be willing? "

"Then what should we do?" Song Zhilei's wife was so nervous that her breathing was a little chaotic. After a moment, she said, "Should we ask Lan Ke?

Isn't Lan Ke willing to buy your shares? "

Song Zhilei gritted his teeth and said, "Wang Runqing made it very clear long ago. If I can persuade Weilan to sell her shares at a valuation of 300 million yuan, he will only buy my 20% shares at a valuation of 500 million yuan and give me a 10% share of the profits from the three buildings. If he can't get Weilan's shares, he won't spend money to buy my shares. After Juncheng Real Estate is liquidated by the bank, Juncheng Real Estate's shares will become worthless!"

Song Zhilei's wife panicked. "What should we do?

Our family's efforts over the years are all in these shares. If these shares are worthless, what are we going to do in the future?

We don't have much cash right now, and we still owe a bunch of loans … "

"I don't know what to do now!"

Song Zhilei was extremely annoyed. "Now that Weilan has completely withdrawn, I'm the only one left. What the hell can I do?"

Before the incident at Juncheng Real Estate, Song Zhilei first paid the full amount to buy a villa in Australia. He bought this villa so that after his son finished high school next year, he could send his son to study in Australia. Then, he took a loan to buy a high-end villa in Shanghai to live in. As a real estate person, he knew the ferocious rise of the real estate market. He took a loan to buy this villa so that he could ensure that no matter how long he lived in it, he could live in it for three to five years and then sell it at double the price.

These two villas cost him more than 40 million yuan, including more than 10 million yuan in bank loans. Basically, Song Zhilei spent all the cash on them, but he didn't feel any pressure before. After all, as long as the real estate of Juncheng Real Estate opened, he could make a lot of money.

Then, Juncheng Real Estate had an accident. Song Zhilei saw that the Wei family couldn't save the situation, so he immediately turned to the Lanke Group and asked Wang Runqing for a good condition in private. Then, he began to oppose Weilan, forcing Weilan to buy back the shares in her hands and forcing Weilan to accept the conditions of the Lanke Group. However, he never dreamed that Weilan would go to Yanjing, hug the thigh of Li Mu, and directly sell all the shares!

Song Zhilei's wife scolded angrily, "Weilan is too unkind!

She sold her shares, but she didn't think about what we would do!

And that Li Mu, is Weilan worth 800 million yuan? "

Song Zhilei didn't say anything on the surface, but he unconsciously thought that with Weilan's appearance, figure, and internal and external conditions, if he had as much money as Li Mu, he would also be willing to buy her …

Because he knew how attractive Weilan was, Song Zhilei didn't doubt that Li Mu would spend 800 million yuan to buy her.

Song Zhilei's wife saw that he didn't speak, so she couldn't help but remind him, "We don't have a few million yuan in cash in total. The villa hasn't been renovated yet, and we still have to pay the loan of 70,000 to 80,000 yuan every month. If Juncheng Real Estate is really finished, we'll be finished too!

Why don't you beg Weilan and ask her to put in a good word for that Li guy and let him buy our shares? "

Song Zhilei looked at his wife in shock. "Is your brain broken?

It's not like you don't know what happened between me and Weilan before. You want me to beg her?

Even if I beg her, do you think she will agree? "

Song Zhilei's wife was anxious and said, "There's no other way, we can only try!

Who cares about face at this time? As long as Weilan can help us solve this problem, so what if we kowtow to her? Money is the most important thing! "

Thinking about it carefully, Song Zhilei also felt that the current predicament was almost hopeless. He had originally hoped that Weilan would finally compromise and accept the Lanke Group's conditions, which would more or less recover more than 200 million yuan of assets. At that time, he would directly follow the Lanke Group. However, he didn't expect that Weilan's move would block his way. Now that Li Mu had obtained 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares through Wanying Real Estate, no one else could buy the 20% shares in his hands except for Li Mu.

Therefore, Song Zhilei said to his wife, "Give Weilan a call. At least the two of you haven't fallen out with each other. You can ask her about this matter and ask her to help you put in a good word for Li Mu and buy our shares."

Song Zhilei's wife immediately nodded. "Then I'll call her now!"

Song Zhilei hurriedly said, "Don't worry!

Weilan signed a contract with Wanying Real Estate for three years before she can get the money. We can't wait that long. Tell Weilan that we hope to cash out our 20% as soon as possible. It's best if we get the money as soon as we sign the contract. "

Song Zhilei's wife frowned and said, "Even Weilan has to wait for three years. Will Li Mu settle the bill for us first?"

Song Zhilei gritted his teeth and said as if he was going all out, "Didn't Li Mu give her a valuation of one billion yuan?

Tell her that if she settles the bill in time, I only want half!

This 20% of the shares, if Li Mu takes out 100 million yuan, it'll all be his! "

"Okay, I'll give Weilan a call …"

…

Song Liang and Chen Ze were busy spreading the news of Wanying Real Estate's acquisition of 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares and Weilan joining Wanying Real Estate to the entire industry. Therefore, only Weilan and Li Mu were left in Wanying Real Estate's conference room. Li Mu hung up Song Zhilei's call and called Weilan to his office in Wanying Real Estate.

In the office, Weilan, who had been sitting for ten minutes, was still flushed and embarrassed.

Just now, on the phone, Li Mu actually told Song Zhilei that she was his woman. This kind of statement made her feel quite embarrassed. Although they had agreed on it and she knew Li Mu's intentions, hearing those words directly from his mouth still made her feel a little ashamed.

Li Mu didn't think too much about it. He just calculated that saying that would make Song Zhilei panic. He calculated that Song Zhilei would definitely find Weilan to admit defeat and then ask him to buy the shares in his hands. Therefore, he gave Song Zhilei an absolutely clear message: Weilan was his woman, so he threw her 800 million yuan. This amount of money was a piece of cake for him.

Sure enough, Weilan's phone rang again.

Weilan looked at the phone screen and said to Li Mu, "It's Song Zhilei's wife."

Li Mu smiled and said, "She's admitting defeat. Don't answer it yet. Let her call a few more times."

Weilan nodded and threw her phone to the side on silent mode. She asked Li Mu, "How much are you going to pay for Song Zhilei's shares?"

Li Mu said, "It's estimated to be 100 million yuan. 20 million."

Weilan was startled. "20 million? Will he agree?

If nothing happens to Juncheng Real Estate, 20% of his shares will be worth at least a billion yuan. "

Li Mu said lightly, "You also said that it's under the condition that nothing happens. Now that something has happened, he has to be prepared to sink the ship. The Titanic is very expensive to build, but when it sinks, to the people on the ship, its value isn't even comparable to a lifebuoy. If he doesn't want my lifebuoy, then he has to be prepared to sink with the ship. Do you think he's that kind of person with a backbone?"

Weilan nodded and asked, "Then if he asks me later, what should I say?"

Li Mu said, "You don't have to say the specifics. Leave it to me."

Weilan nodded and didn't say anything else, but her heart was filled with the thrill of revenge. Naturally, she hated Song Zhilei to the core. If Li Mu could get him to sell 20% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares for 20 million yuan, it would be equivalent to making Song Zhilei bankrupt. This would also help her teach Song Zhilei a painful lesson. She would let him know that he would have to pay a huge price for betraying his benefactor!

Song Zhilei's wife called five times in a row, but Weilan didn't pick up. On the other end of the line, Song Zhilei and his wife were about to collapse. The more Weilan didn't pick up, the more Song Zhilei realized how stupid he was just now. After Weilan found a backer and transferred the shares, it was like someone rescued her from a sinking ship, leaving him to sink deeper and deeper with the ship. In this kind of situation, he couldn't influence or threaten Weilan at all. On the contrary, if Weilan was willing, perhaps only Weilan could help him at this time. In the end, he just had to call her to scold her and offend Li Mu.

Right now, Weilan wasn't picking up the phone. Perhaps in the future, she could change her phone number and sell the real estate agent in Shanghai. It wouldn't be a problem for her to never return to Shanghai in this lifetime. But as for him, what should he do …

The original script was for him to stand on the ship of the Lanke Group and watch as the father and daughter of the Wei family sank step by step with the ship of Juncheng Real Estate. But now, the situation had changed drastically. It became Weilan standing on the ship of Li Mu, watching as the ship of Juncheng Real Estate was swallowed step by step by the huge waves of the ocean …