Chapter 1207

Mark Zuckerberg spent the whole morning in a flattered mood.

Originally, he thought that as long as Li Mu did not forget him, it was already a success. However, he did not dare to dream that Li Mu would attach so much importance to him.

As soon as Li Mu arrived at Harvard, a school leader immediately found Mark Zuckerberg and reminded him that Li Mu would meet him in the afternoon. This really made Mark Zuckerberg very excited.

Coincidentally, Mark Zuckerberg happened to see a new word in a book two days ago. Then, a new product idea sprouted in his mind, but this product idea had not been completely sorted out. However, it did not matter. Since Li Mu wanted to see him, he could have a good chat with him.

When Mark Zuckerberg was nestled in the dormitory using his notebook to sort out his product ideas, the school leader who had looked for him before suddenly came to the door again. As soon as he saw Mark Zuckerberg, he immediately grabbed his wrist and said hurriedly, "Mark, come with me now. Li Mu wants to have lunch with you at noon."

"At noon?"

Mark Zuckerberg was a little surprised. Before he could ask more, the other party pulled him out and said, "Move-your-ass, let's go!"

(Move your ass, Li Mu is waiting for you.)

Mark Zuckerberg did not care to change into a more formal suit. He only wore a jumper casually and was pulled out of the dormitory by the other party. His roommate saw that he was wearing too little and hurriedly threw him a down jacket, which solved the problem of keeping warm.

Li Mu deliberately did not follow the original plan to have lunch with Lawrence at noon. Instead, he gathered all the members of the 3321 team he sent, and then added Mark Zuckerberg. Su Yingxue and other exchange students of the National People's Congress were arranged to have dinner together.

…

Lawrence, who was refused by Li Mu for lunch, was very annoyed at the moment. He was sitting in his office, waiting for the arrival of James Keane.

Even now, he still hadn't figured out how to communicate with James Keane.

The power behind James Keane was enormous. Dealing with this matter was like dealing with a bomb that could explode at any moment. The slightest carelessness could cause one to be blown to smithereens.

Originally, Lawrence wanted to throw this bomb to Li Mu to resolve, but in the end, Li Mu was extremely shrewd and locked all the problems onto himself. As long as he wanted to continue to be related to the 3321 American project, then this bomb must be resolved by himself.

Between the Keane clan and the 3321 clan, Lawrence was leaning towards the latter.

The Keane clan's influence in the United States was indeed very strong. Lawrence also knew that offending the Keane clan would put him under a lot of pressure. However, the most annoying thing about the Keane clan was that they only asked for him and never asked for anything in return.

Allowing James Keane to enter Project 3321 was almost an order from the Keane family. They were ordering him around like a dog, as if this was something he should do. This in itself made Lawrence feel dissatisfied. In addition, Lawrence had always had a faint worry in his heart. If the American website 3321 was successfully launched, the Keane family would use all sorts of methods to kick him out of the project in order to allow James Keane to obtain greater benefits.

The political scene of the United States was more dirty than any other country. This kind of dove occupying a magpie's nest was not uncommon among American politicians and large clans who were good at playing tricks. In order to create this so-called outstanding descendant of James Keane, the Keane clan could be said to be unscrupulous. Under such a general tone, it was very likely that they would sacrifice themselves in exchange for greater benefits for him.

If he catered to the Keane clan, he wouldn't get any substantial benefits. Instead, he might be pushed out of the 3321 project by the Keane clan in the future. Therefore, Lawrence's heart must be more inclined towards 3321.

In Lawrence's view, as long as the 3321 American website could be successfully launched and nurtured in Harvard, then he would be able to obtain great social recognition and political capital. There was no doubt about this, because Li Mu had gained the respect and admiration of the world from the 3321 project. This was a living example.

As long as this project could be successfully launched, then with his social reputation, the Keane clan would be unable to do anything to him.

At the moment, the only problem was how to kick James Keane out of the 3321 project.

If he told James Keane that it was Li Mu who asked him to kick him out of the 3321 American website, then although he could temporarily relieve some pressure, with James Keane's character, he would certainly not let it go. If he went to find trouble with Li Mu again, then Li Mu would naturally blame it on him, or even double it. Therefore, it was absolutely impossible to push the blame to Li Mu.

Since he couldn't push the blame, then he could only face it alone …

Just as he was having a headache, the secretary opened the office door and said to him, "Headmaster, James Keane is here."

Lawrence nodded, "Let him in."

"Okay." As soon as the secretary turned and left, a moment later, James Keane pushed the door open and walked in.

As soon as James Keane, who had just finished his interview, entered Lawrence's office, he immediately unbuttoned his suit and loosened his tie. He sat across from Lawrence and asked in an arrogant tone, "Lawrence, didn't you have to talk to Li Mu in the afternoon?

How can the plan be changed just like that?

Why didn't you tell me before you changed it? "

Lawrence was very dissatisfied with James Keane's arrogant attitude, but he still controlled his emotions and said, "James, there's been some changes in the 3321 project."

James Keane frowned, "What changes?"

Lawrence said vaguely, "The team members on the Harvard side may have to make some adjustments."

Lawrence didn't immediately say that he was going to drive James Keane out, but he was going to tell him step by step. Although he was bound to offend James Keane, Lawrence still hoped to reduce this negative impact as much as possible through the skills of conversation.

Unexpectedly, James Keane immediately said to Lawrence in a warning tone, "The adjustment of the team members must be approved by me, whether it's the addition or the reduction of people!"

Lawrence frowned, and the anger in his heart couldn't be suppressed anymore.

The person I want to adjust is you. You don't know what's good for you at all, and you're still acting like this in front of me?

The adjustment of the team members must be approved by you?

Who the hell are you?

Just when Lawrence was suppressing the anger in his heart, James Keane saw that he didn't speak, and immediately reminded him again, "Lawrence, you must remember what I said. For the 3321 project, all the personnel adjustments must be approved by me!"

Lawrence was completely infuriated by James Keane's arrogant attitude this time. He immediately made up his mind and said coldly, "James, regarding the adjustment of the team of 3321, I think I must make it clear to you. In order to ensure the smooth development and launch of the 3321 American website, you must withdraw from this project now. Not only you, but all the members of the Student Union must withdraw from this project."

James Keane immediately blew up. He glared at him and asked, "What did you say?

You want me to withdraw?! "

Lawrence nodded and said with a firm expression, "Yes, you must withdraw, and immediately!"

James Keane looked at Lawrence angrily, "Are you f * cking kidding me?

You want me to withdraw at this time?

Why the f * ck do you want me to withdraw? "

James Keane's face, which was usually handsome and gentlemanly, was now full of ferocity. In his eyes, Lawrence was simply a clown. Although he was the president of Harvard, everything must be done according to his requirements. But he never thought that Lawrence would dare to talk to him like this, and even want to kick him out of the 3321 project.

Lawrence's anger had been completely suppressed, and he said angrily, "Just because I am the person in charge of 3321 at Harvard, I can kick you out of this project!"

James Keane suddenly stood up and put his hands on Lawrence's desk. He leaned forward and stared at him, gnashing his teeth and threatening, "Lawrence, don't think that you can talk to me like this just because you're the president of Harvard. Let me tell you, as long as I want to, I can make you roll down from this position in minutes. Who do you think you are to play with me?!"

Lawrence sneered, "Maybe your Keane family does have the ability to kick me out of this position, but let me tell you, as long as I am still in this position, I have the right to kick you out of the 3321 project!

From now on, 3321 has nothing to do with you. I will issue the relevant appointment and dismissal documents in the project team in the afternoon. You can go now! "

James Keane pushed Lawrence's computer monitor to the ground with a clang, and then pointed to Lawrence, who was equally angry, and said, "Since you don't know what's good for you, then I will let you see whether I leave 3321 first, or you leave Harvard first!"

After saying this, James Keane turned around, kicked over the chair he had just sat in, and strode out of the office.

Lawrence's secretary heard the noise and ran over. Seeing the mess on the floor, he couldn't help but ask, "Headmaster, what happened?

Do you want me to inform the security? "

Lawrence waved his hand and reminded the secretary, "Remember, don't tell anyone what you saw."

The secretary nodded hurriedly, "I know, headmaster. Please wait a moment, I will get the tools to clean up."

Lawrence saw the secretary turn around and was about to leave, and suddenly an idea came to his mind. He blurted out, "Wait a minute!"

The secretary turned back, "Headmaster, what else do you want?"

Lawrence said, "Go and call the security guards over and let them bring cameras. In addition, let them immediately copy the surveillance video of James Keane coming in and out!"

The secretary didn't know what Lawrence meant, but he immediately nodded and said, "I will inform them now."

After the secretary left, Lawrence sat in the chair and breathed a sigh of relief. James Keane had spent a lot of effort to maintain his perfect image. Now that he had obtained evidence, it would be a sharp weapon to unravel his disguise. If James Keane really wanted to make things difficult for him, then he would have something to use against him!