Chapter 299

After getting into his GL8, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah, "Which neighborhood are you living in now?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Shuangyun Grand Garden."

Li Mu frowned slightly. "I think I've heard of this neighborhood. Where is it exactly?"

"It's at the east gate of the National People's Congress. Walk five hundred meters east," Lin Ching-ah glanced at Li Mu, and a trace of panic flashed through her heart as she spoke.

"Oh!

I know, that neighborhood is next to Yucheng Garden. Why did you move here? "

After being reminded by Lin Ching-ah, Li Mu immediately remembered that Shuangyun Grand Garden was actually next to Yucheng Garden. The first neighborhood after leaving the east gate of the National People's Congress was Yucheng Garden. The entrance of Yucheng Garden was facing west, which was basically opposite to the National People's Congress. The entrance of Shuangyun Grand Garden was on the north side of the intersection, and the entrance faced south. Li Mu had paid attention to that neighborhood when he was looking for a house before, but he only heard that the neighborhood only had one-bedroom and small two-bedroom apartments, and the area was generally small, so he gave up.

Lin Ching-ah had just moved to Shuangyun Grand Garden not long ago, and the reason why she moved to Shuangyun Grand Garden was because she knew that Li Mu was studying at the National People's Congress, so when she was looking for a house, she couldn't help but look around the neighborhood near the National People's Congress, and finally chose Shuangyun Grand Garden.

Facing Li Mu's question, Lin Ching-ah said a little unnaturally, "When I was looking for a house, I wanted to find a house slightly closer to the company, but the rent near the company was too expensive, so I found Shuangyun Grand Garden. It's only a few stops away from the company, and it only takes ten minutes by bus. It's quite convenient. Li Zong, do you know how to get there?"

Li Mu didn't think much of it, and nodded lightly with a smile. "I know."

Li Mu drove out and said to Lin Ching-ah in a casual tone, "It won't be long before we start financing Series B, and Series B will require at least tens of millions. Do you have any ideas?"

Lin Ching-ah thought about it and said, "When the time comes, the company's hardware and software will definitely undergo a large-scale upgrade, right?

I'm afraid we don't have enough space for our current workplace. Also, I need to set up a human resources department as soon as possible. There should be at least two human resources specialists. Then, I need to collect a batch of resumes and prepare for the talent pool. "

Li Mu looked at Lin Ching-ah in surprise and said with a smile, "You've thought it through so clearly. You've thought of everything I've been thinking about."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "I've been thinking about Series B financing recently. I don't know when you're going to do it, but I've made some preparations in advance."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you should make preparations according to your plan in the near future. Series B financing should be done this month, and it will be in place after the Lunar New Year."

Lin Ching-ah suddenly remembered what her mother had told her on the phone a few days ago. After hesitating for a while, she tentatively asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, if we're financing Series B, can we cash out the options?"

Li Mu said, "I'll definitely strive for the ratio of cash out. You and Old Kong are held by me, so if you want to cash out, I'll buy back the options directly at the valuation price."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "But I still advise you not to cash out so early. It's still too early to cash out Series B. Although Baidu left and released 10% of the shares, I still plan to dilute 10% of the Series B. So when we're financing Series B, you'll still have a little bit of shares. If you cash out now, it'll only be a few million before tax. I still advise you to wait for a while. I don't dare to say that I want you to wait until Makino Technology goes public, but at least wait until after Series C before you cash out. At that time, the valuation will definitely be more than one billion.

Only then will it be meaningful to cash out. "Lin Ching-ah nodded and said with some embarrassment," I know what you mean. It's just that I've encountered some personal problems, so … "

Li Mu said, "If there's anything, tell me. I'll try my best to help you solve it. But you still have to consider the shares carefully. The company is rising so fast now. If you cash out in advance, you'll lose a lot."

"I know …" Lin Ching-ah pursed her lips and didn't know what to say for a while.

She didn't want to tell Li Mu that her parents had been calling her to find ways to get some money for her brother's wedding.

There were two siblings in Lin Ching-ah's family. The brother was 32 years old this year. When he was young, he didn't like to study. After graduating from junior high school, he went out to mess around. He didn't make any achievements until he was in his twenties. Later, he got a girlfriend. In order to settle down and get married quickly, he went to the county's prefabrication yard to work as a temporary worker. But once, when he was using a hand hoist to lift a prefabricated board, the iron chain broke, and the prefabricated board fell on his right foot, causing his right foot to be amputated from the ankle. Since then, he became a disabled person.

After the brother became disabled, the prefabrication yard only paid a few thousand yuan in compensation, and he didn't want to pay any more money. Lin Ching-ah's parents went to court, but they didn't get any results. Because of that accident, the brother's girlfriend ran away, and he couldn't even find a job. Later, he couldn't get back on his feet, and he just lived at home until he was old.

Lin Ching-ah's family was ordinary. Her father was a worker in the county's food factory, and he retired last year due to illness. He only had a monthly pension of 300 yuan. Her mother was a farmer, and she didn't have a job. Her family's financial situation was very ordinary. Originally, her family didn't want Lin Ching-ah to go to university. They wanted to save the money for her brother's wedding. Later, Lin Ching-ah's class teacher personally went to the family to persuade them, but to no avail. In the end, she persuaded Lin Ching-ah's high school alma mater to raise 5,000 yuan as a college entrance exam bonus for Lin Ching-ah. Only then did she reluctantly go to university.

After going to school, Lin Ching-ah had been working part-time, relying on the money she earned from working and the scholarship to support her university. However, after her brother became disabled in her second year, the family's finances were very tight. Her parents even begged her to drop out of school and work to help share some of the family's financial difficulties. Lin Ching-ah knelt down and begged her parents to let her finish school. Her persistence almost made her parents cut off all ties with her.

After she finally graduated from university, her parents began to look for a partner for her brother. Her brother didn't have a job, and after he became disabled, he was unwilling to do anything. He lived with his parents in a pocket-sized two-bedroom apartment of 40 to 50 square meters. He didn't have anyone, money, or a house. It was even more difficult to find a partner.

However, Lin Ching-ah's parents valued boys more than girls. They didn't want their son to be single for the rest of his life. So, they asked people to go to villages with poor conditions to find a partner for their son. However, when they heard that Lin Ching-ah's brother was disabled and unemployed, no girl was willing to marry him.

After a few years, Lin Ching-ah's brother was already 32 years old. Although he lost his ambition because of his disability, as a man, his physical and psychological needs became more and more exuberant as he grew older. He began to urgently want to find a wife to marry. Every day, he would argue with his parents at home, asking them to buy him a house and find him a wife to carry on the Lin family's ancestral line.

Naturally, Lin Ching-ah's parents also hoped to find a partner for their son. Not only was it a problem of carrying on the family line, but he was already in his thirties and was a little disabled. Her parents thought that if he could find a wife, she could take care of him all the time. Otherwise, if his parents passed away one day, what would he do as a disabled person?

So, Lin Ching-ah's parents forcefully threw most of this burden to Lin Ching-ah. At that time, Lin Ching-ah had already graduated and worked in Yanjing. Her parents kept asking her to send money home every month. They said that they found a wife for her brother in the countryside. Her family's condition was very simple. Because the wife's parents had a son who was of marriageable age, the family wanted to build a new house for the son in the countryside to get married. So, they needed 80,000 yuan as a betrothal gift for their daughter, not a penny less. In addition, the wife also asked them to buy a house in the county, or she wouldn't get married.

A house in the county cost at least 60,000 to 70,000 yuan. Plus the renovation and 80,000 yuan of betrothal gift, it would cost at least 170,000 to 180,000 yuan. For Lin Ching-ah's parents, it was impossible for them to take out such a huge amount of money.

But they had no choice. The matchmaker went around several times, and this was the one who asked for the lowest price. When the others heard that their son was disabled, they even asked for 100,000 to 200,000 yuan as a betrothal gift, not a penny less. Although they were asking for an exorbitant price, they also had their reasons: Your son is disabled for life. How much would it cost to hire a nanny to take care of him for a lifetime?

What's more, he had no job and no income. He didn't know how he would live with him in the future, so he had to be prepared to work hard at all times. Was 100,000 to 200,000 yuan expensive?

Lin Ching-ah's parents couldn't afford it, so Lin Ching-ah's brother couldn't get married. Now, her brother would make a scene at home every night after drinking a few glasses of wine. Sometimes, he would even smash things, which made Lin Ching-ah's parents cry every day. They would call Lin Ching-ah every few days, forcing her to send more money home. A few days ago, it was even worse. Her father called her and said that the bride's family was anxious, and if they didn't send the money before the Lunar New Year, they wouldn't consider it. At this time, her parents and brother were very anxious, but they didn't have money at home, and they couldn't borrow money from her. They could only pin their hopes on their daughter, who worked in Yanjing.

Lin Ching-ah's father asked Lin Ching-ah to find a way to get 150,000 yuan to her family, which made Lin Ching-ah anxious. A wedding only needed 180,000 yuan, and they asked her for 150,000 yuan. How could she get so much money?

In the past three years, apart from the basic living expenses, she had sent the rest of the money back home. In the past three years, she had sent tens of thousands of yuan back home, so she didn't even have 5,000 yuan in savings. But when her brother got married, her family was only willing to pay 30,000 yuan, and she had to solve the rest. Wasn't this too unreasonable?