Chapter 152

Li Mu had considered the issue of safety for a long time. Although society was relatively peaceful as a whole, it wasn't without danger. Students registered on 3321 would have to go to their employer's home to tutor their children in the future under 3321's middleman. Therefore, there was definitely a hidden danger. Li Mu had a rough idea on how to eliminate this danger as much as possible.

Therefore, when faced with this question, Li Mu explained, "After the user places the order and transfers the money, we won't immediately notify the student to go to their home for tutoring. Instead, we will first send someone to their home to verify the employer's information, including address, ID number, work unit, and so on. In addition, I have also asked the technical development team to introduce a daily check-in function. When 3321 opens the auction, it will be released at the same time."

Everyone was very curious about what Li Mu meant by a daily check-in.

Therefore, Li Mu explained in detail, "A daily check-in is a safety reminder after the tutoring ends. At that time, the registered students on 3321 can decide whether or not to choose a daily check-in. The normal process is that the student has to first put up for sale according to his or her schedule. Let's take me as an example. I think I can take out 20 classes this week for auction. Moreover, I don't want to serve multiple employers, so I will directly pack up 20 classes and sell them together. Then, I will fill in the schedule on the website. For example, two classes a day from Monday to Friday, and five classes a day on Saturday and Sunday.

Then, a student's parent successfully took a photo of my 20 classes. At this time, the part-time staff of 3321 will come to register the student's parent's information. After confirming that there are no mistakes, they will inform me that I can start teaching. Then tomorrow, before I go to their children's classes, I will first find a computer to log in to 3321 to say that I'm going to class. The estimated time of class is between 7 and 9. Then, I will need to log in again within two hours after the end of the class to prove that I have finished today's class. This also means that they are safe. If they don't log in after two hours, we will take the initiative to confirm. The method of contact includes mobile phone, dormitory phone, or even direct other students from the school to visit. "

Xue Jianfeng nodded slightly and said, "This has a certain degree of protection, but it is a little troublesome."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's nothing we can do about it. Only 33% of the registered students in our 3321 have access to mobile phones. If the mobile phone penetration rate is high, I'll open a messaging platform and let them use SMS to punch in."

Han Xiaoxiao praised, "Li Mu, you've already considered everything. You should be able to ensure the safety of the students."

Li Mu nodded. "3321. Once it's done and has a large number of orders, I'll activate a 'companionship' function. That is, two or more people who go to the same neighborhood for tutoring at the same time can be companions. In short, I'll definitely find ways to constantly improve their safety."

When Li Mu mentioned traveling in pairs, everyone's eyes lit up. This function allowed two or more students to ensure each other's safety, and it wasn't difficult to implement. After all, once thousands of students went out to tutor at the same time, there were bound to be a few people who were close to each other geographically.

Li Yawei teased, "Mu Ge, the age gap between a first-year student and a third-year student is very small. Aren't you afraid that they'll get together in private?

If that's the case, wouldn't their parents be furious? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "You probably haven't tried to log into your parent's account. After you log in, we'll give you a warm reminder. In order to maximize the learning effect, it's recommended for them to choose a tutor of the same gender as their child. This is our obligation to remind them. But if they insist on choosing the opposite gender, and the two of them really like each other, then it's not something we can stop."

The eleven of them nodded. They were all puzzled in their hearts. Just how did this kid Li Mu's brain work? How could he think of things so logically and thoroughly?

This wasn't something a first-year student could possess!

It was especially so for Zhao Ziqiu. She had already reached the point of worship for Li Mu. Every time she saw Li Mu speak with confidence and composure, saying things that she didn't understand or had never heard of, but it could enlighten her. She sincerely felt that this boy in front of her was the most fascinating man in the world, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that she was head over heels for him.

In fact, Li Mu's development of every function of the Easy Listening website, Tieba, and 3321 could be attributed to the sequence of product managers. Li Mu had been in the technology industry for a long time in his previous life. Although he had never been a product manager, he more or less knew some product rules. There were many amazing product managers in his previous life, such as Zhang Xiaolong of WeChat. It was already an amazing thing for him to develop WeChat, but who would have thought that he could also develop several godly functions on WeChat? One was Shake, another was Moments, and another was Red Envelope.

In Li Mu's heart, he still had a lot to learn and improve on. Most of the product functions on the Easy Listening website and Tieba were ideas that he had borrowed from famous websites and companies in his previous life. However, 3321 was his own creation, so he had a special feeling for 3321. He also hoped that he could make 3321 better.

Li Mu set a timetable for his core marketing team. From Wednesday to Friday, they would continue to sweep the residential areas in Beijing after school. On Saturday, they would rest for half a day. When the auction ended at 12 PM and the transfer window closed at 2 PM, the team would immediately disperse. Just like how they verified the student information, they would visit the parents of the students who had paid. After confirming that there were no mistakes, on Sunday, the students who were successfully bid on 3321 would be invited to come and teach.

Dorm 606's Hu Zhengdao, Liu Nian, and Sun Jian all registered their personal information on 3321. Zhao Ziqiu's dorm, Chen Jiao, and another girl called Ma Chenchen also registered their personal information on 3321. Once he thought about being a private tutor for someone and receiving a base salary of 15 RMB per hour, Liu Nian couldn't help but feel a little excited. His family's financial situation was very poor. Ever since he found out about the 3321 project, he had been looking forward to it even in his dreams. He even felt that once he successfully became a private tutor on 3321, the financial pressure on his family would be greatly alleviated. At the very least, they wouldn't have to worry about his school expenses anymore.

The more hope he had for the 3321 project, the more worried Liu Nian was. "Mu Ge, our school's students are still lacking in competitiveness compared to Yan University and Tsinghua University. What if no one is willing to hire me as a private tutor?"

Li Mu smiled and comforted him. "Don't worry, what you said is unlikely to happen. Although all the parents hope to find students from Yan University and Tsinghua University, the number of students from Yan University and Tsinghua University is indeed limited. After we start the auction, the price of the most outstanding students will definitely be pushed up. Not all the parents have that kind of spending power. Most of the parents will eventually give up on Yan University and Tsinghua University and shift their attention to the students from other schools. Moreover, if all the students in our school have to worry about this problem, after all, we have expanded to so many universities that are slightly worse than the National People's Congress. What about the students there?"

Liu Nian's worries were dispelled. Hu Zhengdao also felt a lot more at ease. He also had his worries, but he was too embarrassed to ask. Coincidentally, Liu Nian helped him ask.

The salary at McDonald's was too low. Although two yuan per hour was a good income for Hu Zhengdao, it was too hard and he couldn't extract his own value. He resigned the day before the launch of the 3321 project. Now, he was just waiting for the 3321 project to officially start the auction.

After dinner, the two dorms split up at the entrance of the restaurant. Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao held hands and left first. Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan also said they wanted to go for a walk. Xue Jianfeng said he had some private matters with Chen Jiao and left after saying goodbye.

There were only three guys and three girls left at the scene, Zhao Ziqiu and her other two roommates.

The other two roommates were also sly. When they saw this situation, they immediately said, "Ziqiu, you go back to school yourself. We still have something to do. We won't go back yet."

"Ah?" Zhao Ziqiu didn't react. She thought to herself, 'Why do all five of you have things to do?

Why did you leave me alone? '

At this time, one of the girls said to Li Mu, "Aiya, Li Mu, we'll leave our dorm flower, Little Qiuqiu, in your hands. You have to send her back to the dorm safely!"

The other girl also echoed, "Yeah, Little Qiuqiu's safety is in your hands."

After that, the two of them waved and ran away before Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu could react.

Sun Jian and Liu Nian looked at each other. Sun Jian's eyes were filled with a sense of loneliness. He sighed softly and went up to grab Liu Nian's neck. He waved at Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu. "We'll go first. See you later."

Li Mu nodded. Anyway, he definitely had to send Zhao Ziqiu back to the dorm. It was indeed inappropriate for the two of them to follow.

On the way back to Peking University, the two of them walked side by side. At first, they didn't speak. Li Mu was still thinking about the topic, but he didn't know where to start. Zhao Ziqiu suddenly said to him, "These days they've been promoting 3321. Now I also want to register and try out what it's like to be a private tutor."

Li Mu was stunned. He looked at Zhao Ziqiu's serious face and realized that she wasn't joking. He hurriedly said, "You can't go."

"Why?"

Zhao Ziqiu said in surprise, "Although I'm not the top scorer in the college entrance exam, I still got 700 points. Am I not qualified?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I'm not letting you go not because you're not qualified, but because it's dangerous."

Zhao Ziqiu was even more puzzled. "Doesn't 3321 have many ways to ensure safety?"

"That's not the same."

Li Mu said very seriously, "Whether it's identity verification or the website's security policy, they can only reduce the potential risk. But if the temptation is too great, some people will lose their minds, so you must not try it."