Chapter 474

The concept of "anti-addiction" was a requirement that the government would give to internet gaming companies in the future. From the government's point of view, what they had to do was to prevent gamers from being overly addicted. Therefore, the concept of "anti-addiction" was very accurate. However, for Li Mu, he was prepared to promote the 8 + 2 anti-addiction system to the public, but he could not use the word "anti-addiction" directly. He needed to use a concept that was more approachable and more proactive to the gamers. He had to let the gamers know that he hoped that they could get enough rest for the sake of their health.

Therefore, Li Mu named his anti-addiction system — "Health Care".

The words "anti-addiction" were given by the government in the future. The words had a strong sense of officialdom, and it would cause a certain amount of psychological resistance to the users. However, if it was called "Health Care", it would feel like the difference between heaven and earth to the users.

Therefore, when the anti-addiction system of YY games or Miracle Mu was launched in the future, the push text presented to the users with the nature of "Health Care" had to be as approachable as possible. For example, "Dear friends, YY games reminds you that you have been online for eight hours. For your health, please rest for two hours before logging in. Thank you for your cooperation."

The message conveyed had to be full of care, and the users must not feel that they were being prevented from being addicted.

According to the current data of online gaming users, the average daily online time of players was less than five hours. Only a small number of users would be online for more than eight hours. For these users, this kind of caring control should not cause too much of a backlash.

After discussing the issue of the anti-addiction system, the meeting focused on the data again. On the first day of the platform's launch, there were more than five million additional YY account registrations. This data was also very gratifying. It proved that the YY gaming lobby was not just an accessory to YY, but to a certain extent, could feed YY.

Someone in Makino Technology suggested, "Can we refer to the previous training and temporarily stop opening up free registrations? Open up voice calls, let users register YY accounts, cooperate with the telecommunications company, and charge about two yuan per call. This is also a good source of income."

Li Mu rejected this suggestion without hesitation, and in front of everyone, he reprimanded the supervisor who made this suggestion for lacking foresight. He also set up a core principle for the subsequent development of Makino Technology: any product or core basic service of Makino Technology must not charge users a single cent. If they wanted to make money, they could only do so through paid value-added services. Any ideas that went against this core principle would not be supported by the company.

This was the future development direction of the Internet. If Li Mu wanted to win from the beginning, he had to realize this earlier than everyone else. Makino Technology was like this, and the future Taobao would be even more so. It was the same for Alipay. Taobao would never charge any buyers or sellers for services. This would be the foundation of Taobao. As for Alipay, apart from charging merchants for access, it would not charge any ordinary users or any Taobao shop owners any extra fees. This was also the foundation of Alipay's popularity.

However, Li Mu was not going to beat them to death. He enlightened them and said, "Free core services is our basic principle, so I will not agree to something like charging for registration. However, you can think about it from other value-added services. For example, it is true that registering a normal number does not cost money, but that is only a normal randomly assigned number. If users want a special number, they have to pay a certain fee to get it. This is possible, give users enough choice between paying or not paying."

Everyone's eyes lit up, and the operator blurted out, "You mean, we can open up free registration for free?

How should we set a suitable price? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't set a price. Don't say how much we sell a number for. This way, users will still feel conflicted. We can use a service fee. For example, our system will not release numbers with three consecutive numbers, four consecutive numbers, or even better numbers. We will not release numbers with birthdays starting with 19, but phone numbers starting with 13X. If users want these numbers, they have to pay a certain service fee. We can define this kind of paid number. For example, if a user chooses a different number, they have to pay a different price every month. For example, the 10 yuan range, the 15 yuan range, the 20 yuan range, and so on."

"This kind of fee has to be paid continuously?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a determined face, "Yes, as long as they choose, they have to pay continuously. We have to clearly state the service fee. If the user can't accept it, they can directly register for a random free number. If they can accept it, they can choose freely. However, we can't charge the user service fee for nothing. For every beautiful number, we will give them membership services and give them a 'beautiful number' label. This will let their friends know that they are using a beautiful number, and it will satisfy the user's vanity to the greatest extent."

After a pause, looking at the group of dumbfounded people, Li Mu said again, "Also, you must make a clear distinction between the grades of the beautiful numbers. The better the number, the higher the price. If it's a very good number, don't release it for now. Keep it for now, and wait for the price to rise in the future."

The group of people looked at Li Mu, dumbfounded. Although everyone knew that this boss was not only a product maniac, but also a genius in operation, they didn't expect that his grasp of operation could go so deep into the details. The concept of a "beautiful number" was very good. It didn't seem to cost much, but after a user chose a beautiful number, they would at least contribute 120 yuan to the company every year. If there were hundreds of thousands of beautiful number users, it would be tens of millions of yuan a year!

The current mindset of the Internet people regarding users and profits was: For paid products, users = revenue. Nowadays, online games that required top-up cards all used this model. For non-paid products, users = traffic, and traffic = advertising revenue. It could be seen from the various small advertisements on the major websites that most websites could only use this most primitive method to obtain profits. However, for Li Mu, users = resources, and resources = the development of all additional value. In order to convert users into resources that could be developed continuously, there must be free services for users. Moreover, these services would make the user's loyalty a necessity. With these free core services as the foundation, he could continuously use other products to develop additional value from the users.

Therefore, Li Mu dared to say that YY would be permanently free of charge. Not only YY, but when they entered the mobile Internet era in the future, his mobile Internet communication products would also be free of charge.

This was also Teng Xun's path to success in his previous life. Teng Xun's QQ, WeChat, and all of its online games were free of charge. Disregarding everything else, all of Teng Xun's games were free of charge, but their income was the highest among all the game companies in the world. It was enough to show that they had long explored this route, and had always been well-versed in it.

…

The YY National Dou Dizhu Competition was still gaining popularity. New phone winners were increasing. On the morning of the third day, the five members of the small team left Yanjing according to the planned route. They set off from Yanjing and distributed the prizes to the winning users along the way. Every time they received a prize, the staff would personally deliver the phone to the user and take a photo with them as a souvenir. Before they left for the next city, the accompanying photographer would use the internet to send the photos back to the company, and then the operations staff would announce the results.

The official Tieba forum also began to publicize the photos of the winners. This action doubled the trust of the users, and also raised the popularity of the competition to a new level.

Many people left comments under every award ceremony post. Some were envious, some congratulated, and some praised. In short, the atmosphere was very positive.

On the same day, YY Gaming Hall's "Health Care" function was launched and received great acclaim. Miracle MU followed closely behind, and on the second day of YY Gaming Hall's "Health Care" function, it also launched its own "Health Care" system.

Although many users did not personally witness the "Health Care" notification, the users who received the notification posted a screenshot on Tieba for discussion. Most of the netizens who were suspended by the "Health Care" function did not resist. Instead, they were very appreciative of Makino Technology's humane operation. Many people felt warm when they saw the "Health Care" notification after playing for eight hours straight. From the words "Health Care", they could see Makino Technology's attentive attitude. At the very least, they were really attentive when it came to treating their users.

This time, CCTV, which had never reported on Makino Technology before, as well as the official media such as People's Daily, praised Makino Technology's approach. In their report, they mentioned that Makino Technology was able to remind users to pay attention to their health and persuade them to rest while they were working on a game. This was the first time among domestic Internet companies to do so. This approach not only represented Makino Technology's care for users, but also represented Makino Technology's strong sense of social responsibility as an Internet company.

What the official media liked most was correct views. They would criticize the bad atmosphere of the Internet every now and then, blaming many bad social phenomena on the Internet's influence on users. In the eyes of the official media, online games, in particular, were the culprits that poisoned the young generation. However, the "health care" system of Makino Technology's YY Game Hall made them praise a company involved in online games for the first time.

When many companies in the same industry saw this move of Makino Technology and saw the praise of Makino Technology by the official media, they all secretly scolded Makino Technology for being cunning. The anti-addiction system called "Health Care", which Makino Technology took the initiative to develop, not only received favorable comments from users, but also gained great benefits in the eyes of the official media. After being publicized by the official media, it was simply a free advertisement.

The purpose of the official media praising Makino Technology was clear: to remind other game companies to pay attention to follow suit.