Chapter 1107

Currently, the country had yet to solve the problem of counterfeiting in the real economy. However, they had suddenly decided to crack down on online counterfeiting. It was clear that they were paving the way for Li Mu and getting rid of some unruly competitors.

Because of this, Department Head Zhen asked Li Mu to report on the competitors who violated the rules anonymously. The government did not know much about e-commerce. Without sufficient familiarity, it was difficult for them to immediately find the crux of the problem. In this way, the efficiency would naturally decrease, and it was inevitable that there would be some special operations that they could not detect. Instead of that, it was better to let Li Mu report it himself. If Li Mu said that there was a problem and where there was a problem, the government could immediately launch a targeted investigation.

Li Mu agreed on the spot. After he hung up the phone, he immediately communicated with Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo. He wanted to quickly organize a clear chain of Le Taobao's counterfeiting. He also wanted to add the relevant evidence that Taobao's employees had previously disguised themselves as Taobao's counterfeiting shop owners into the report. Apart from that, he also wanted to find out as much as possible about Le Taobao's secret cooperation with counterfeiting companies. Then, he would hand over all of it to Department Head Zhen.

Although it seemed a little dishonorable to provide these materials anonymously, Li Mu did not feel the slightest bit guilty. Everything he did was to eliminate the scum and scum in Hua Xia's e-commerce industry.

Those who turned a blind eye to counterfeiting, those who secretly supported and induced sellers to sell counterfeit goods, and those who participated in the counterfeiting themselves, all had to pay the price for their inaction. Only in this way could Hua Xia's e-commerce industry develop healthily. Only in this way could foreign media not call Hua Xia's e-commerce empire in the future.

If any of his peers suffered a heavy loss because of this policy, they deserved it. Li Mu did not want to drive his competitors out of the industry. He just wanted them to clean themselves up before coming back. If they could not clean themselves up, they would never come back to this industry again.

Everything seemed calm, but in fact, the invisible net against Le Taobao had been completely cast. Li Mu knew very well that the day the net was closed would be the day Le Taobao disappeared. At the same time, it would also mean that Boss Ma was no longer a threat to him. The only thing Li Mu was afraid of was that Boss Ma could overtake him at the corners of the gray areas. If he blocked this road, Boss Ma could only compete with him openly. With Boss Ma's current strength, he would not be a threat at all.

However, Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, did not realize that a fatal net had already firmly trapped him.

On the second day of the launch ceremony of the Taobao Logistics Automatic Sorting System, Cai Chongxin found Boss Ma and told him about his concerns.

"Boss Ma, Li Mu talked about purifying the e-commerce market in front of the media yesterday. I think this is an appeal to the higher-ups. His real purpose must be to let the government come forward to control the problem of selling counterfeit goods in e-commerce. This is very risky for us."

Cai Chongxin had always felt that many of Le Taobao's current actions were extremely inappropriate. This would bury a huge hidden danger for Le Taobao's development. If it really broke out one day, Le Taobao would definitely not be able to escape.

Boss Ma was particularly dissatisfied with Cai Chongxin's recent attitude. No matter what decision he made, Cai Chongxin would express his opposition, and his words were sometimes quite fierce. Boss Ma could even feel the criticism in Cai Chongxin's tone. He did not expect Cai Chongxin to find trouble for him again today. Cai Chongxin was like a bird that was frightened by the mere twang of a bow, without the slightest temperament of a hero, which made Boss Ma feel particularly disgusted.

Boss Ma said in a displeased tone, "Chongxin, don't be so sensitive. Although Li Mu is very powerful, he is a human, not a god. There are many things that he can't do even if he wants to. Do you think that just because he said a few words in front of the media, the government will immediately come forward to control e-commerce?

Stop dreaming. This is not the style of our government at all. "

Seeing that Boss Ma did not care at all, Cai Chongxin could not help but say somewhat impatiently, "Boss Ma, the dimension and the way the government considers problems is very difficult for us to figure out."

Then, Cai Chongxin added, "Moreover, you have to know that Li Mu's current influence is extraordinary. The government will definitely solve his request, and at that time, Le Taobao will be the first to bear the brunt of it!"

Boss Ma waved his hand and said disdainfully, "Chongxin, you don't have enough understanding of the government. The government will definitely strongly interfere in the e-commerce field, but definitely not now. Even if we take a step back and say that it doesn't matter now, we have several firewalls that can completely avoid the responsibility of our team and Le Taobao. So, what you need to worry about now is not what kind of risks will be brought to us after the government controls, but how we can accumulate enough users for our platform before the government really takes action. This way, as long as the government takes action, we can transform at any time!"

Boss Ma's resolute attitude made Cai Chongxin feel even more helpless. In his eyes, Boss Ma was like a gambler who was anxious to lose. He had only taken a few cards, but he felt that the situation was good and was ready to put in all his bets as a deposit.

His suggestion was completely ignored, and this made Cai Chongxin feel an unprecedented exhaustion. He sighed and said to Boss Ma, "Boss Ma, I feel that the point of agreement between me and the team is getting less and less. Instead of continuing like this, the divergence between us and the team is getting bigger and bigger. Why don't I take a break and adjust for a while?"

When Boss Ma heard this, he was more than happy to hear this.

Ever since Cai Chongxin started to doubt his decisions, he often had to invest extra time and energy in trying to persuade Cai Chongxin to accept his point of view, or refute the point of view that Cai Chongxin wanted to impose on him. It was difficult for the two of them to reach a consensus, which made Boss Ma feel that the communication between them was basically internal friction within the team. Because of this situation, Boss Ma had long wanted to remove Cai Chongxin from the team, but he couldn't find a suitable excuse or reason to do so.

Boss Ma was overjoyed that Cai Chongxin had taken the initiative to temporarily withdraw from the team. However, he still tried to persuade him to stay. "Chongxin, you've been a part of the team for a long time now. I really don't want to see you constantly doubting the team. Can't you change your way of thinking and charge forward with everyone else?" Cai Chongxin was stunned.

Cai Chongxin laughed at himself and said, "Boss Ma, you know how I do things. I'm a stubborn person, and I'm afraid it'll be difficult for me to achieve what you hope for in a short period of time. To be honest, I'm really tired during this period of time. I also wish to rest for a while and adjust myself. Once I've adjusted myself, I'll be able to come back and fight alongside everyone as soon as possible."

Cai Chongxin knew that Boss Ma didn't really want him to stay, so he simply said a few polite words. When Boss Ma heard this, he pretended to be reluctant and hesitated for a moment before sighing helplessly. "Since you've decided, then we'll do as you say. Take a good rest for a while and adjust yourself!"

…

Department Head Zhen's call allowed Li Mu to foresee Le Tao's death, so he calmed down and patiently waited for that day to come.

On the second day after the ceremony, Li Mu accepted a brief interview with Chen Wan in front of the high-speed automatic sorting system of Taobao Logistics.

The entire interview lasted no more than twenty minutes, and Li Mu only briefly answered some of Chen Wan's questions. Even so, it was enough for Chen Wan to report to the station. After all, this was the first interview Li Mu had accepted after coming back to the country.

After sending Chen Wan off, Li Mu directly moved into Liu Shixiong's simple office. He no longer considered how to deal with Le Tao, because he knew that Le Tao had entered the countdown stage of his life. Now, he wanted to discuss with Liu Shixiong how to use his current advantages to completely take over the entire Guangdong Province's express delivery market, as well as the express delivery market in both Guangdong and Hong Kong.

Before this, Liu Shixiong didn't understand the express delivery needs between Guangdong and Hong Kong. He was thinking about how to quickly and efficiently distribute a large number of products from Guangdong Province to the rest of the country. However, Li Mu thought that the express delivery market between Guangdong and Hong Kong was the basis for Shun Feng to make a fortune. Now, Wang Wei should have already taken over the majority of the express delivery market and used this as a foundation to expand to the entire Guangdong Province.

Li Mu was not afraid of him spreading in Guangdong Province, because he had deployed two logistics bases, an automatic sorting system, more than 20 heavy trucks and more than 50 medium-sized Iveco vans in Guangdong Province. With such hardware strength, Wang Wei could not catch up with him even if he tried to ride a horse.

Other than that, Li Mu also discussed with Liu Shixiong to invest 500 of the first batch of 2,000 three-wheeled motorcycles in Guangdong Province. This would increase the front-end and back-end delivery capabilities. At the same time, a large number of Taobao logistics tricycles would run around the streets of Guangdong Province. This would also give competitors in the same industry a lot of pressure.

However, the increase in Guangdong Province was only to suppress the development of Shun Feng and other express delivery companies in Guangdong Province. If Li Mu wanted to suppress Shun Feng further, he had to make an issue of Shun Feng's current foundation. He had to open up the express delivery channel between Guangdong and Hong Kong, and let Taobao Express take over Shun Feng's express delivery market.

To achieve this goal, Shun Feng must first have the qualifications to operate in two places. Secondly, he must set up a complete team in Hong Kong. Thirdly, he must set up a branch in Hong Kong and have a fleet of vehicles that can quickly travel between Hong Kong and China.

Liu Shixiong did not understand why Li Mu would pay attention to the express delivery from Guangdong to Hong Kong. After all, Hong Kong was only a small market, and Taobao Logistics' position was clear from the start. It was to cover the whole country.

However, Li Mu paid special attention to the express delivery from Guangdong to Hong Kong. His reason was that although the distance between Guangdong and Hong Kong was very close, due to the port, the express delivery was relatively complicated. After all, one was Hong Kong, and the other was China. Although the distance was very close, it was not easy to cross such a short distance. Therefore, the express delivery from Guangdong to Hong Kong had a very special advantage, and that was high profits!

Currently, the price of sending express from Shenzhen to Hong Kong was more expensive than sending to any province in Hua Xia. The price of sending express from Hong Kong to Shenzhen was even higher than sending from Shenzhen to Hong Kong. This was because the express delivery from Hong Kong to Shenzhen had to be settled in HKD. The value of HKD was slightly higher than RMB, and Hong Kong's overall consumption level was also higher than China's.

Doing express delivery from Guangdong to Hong Kong, the distance was close, the cost was low, the price was high, and the profit margin was high. The biggest requirement was the relationship and resources between the two places. As long as there were enough connections and resources, the express delivery from Guangdong to Hong Kong could be achieved on the same day. After all, the distance was very close. It was even closer than going from Shenzhen to Guangzhou.

Shun Feng relied on the express delivery market share from Guangdong to Hong Kong, and it was like guarding a gold mine. With this gold mine, Shun Feng could continue to expand across the country.