Chapter 1192

If Li Mu's Makino Technology was ranked according to market value and profits, it would be difficult for it to be ranked at the top in the entire United States. However, when it came to corporate influence, Makino Technology could already be ranked at the top in the United States.

At present, the entire United States, and even the entire Western society, attached great importance to Makino Technology. This was not only because YY had been popularized in the Western society so far, and more and more users had been conquered by YY's powerful product functions and perfect user experience. It was also because Makino Technology had elevated people's Internet life and work to an unprecedented level.

The user base was extremely large, and the user base was shockingly high. Its reputation could not be better. Therefore, Makino Technology's corporate image in the West could be said to be perfect.

Moreover, YY's information delivery ability was extraordinary. Even established media companies with hundreds of years of history could not compare. Therefore, Makino Technology had gradually become a celebrity in the eyes of all other companies. Every day, countless companies took the initiative to look for Makino Technology for various kinds of cooperation and even advertising. Among them were Honeywell and 3M, which Li Mu was going to cooperate with this time.

For these two traditional manufacturing companies, the most important thing to them was brand awareness and sales channels. This was the biggest difference between traditional industries and the Internet industry. It was not easy for 3M and Honeywell to build and maintain a production and sales channel network that covered the world. It was almost repetitive to set up branches in every country, establish a multi-level agent network, and establish a perfect pre-sales and after-sales support system. Therefore, every time they expanded a market, it was like fighting a long war. Not only was the cost huge, but the progress was also slow.

However, for Internet companies, as long as the server was set up and the server's computing power and bandwidth was guaranteed, they could open the door to welcome users from all over the world. This was the case with YY. There was not a single employee in charge of sales in the entire YY, but the value-added services that users around the world actively purchased every month could generate hundreds of millions of US dollars for the company. An Internet without borders, interconnected at the speed of light, encompassed the entire world. This was the core advantage of Internet companies.

Both Honeywell and 3M had hoped to be able to deepen their cooperation with Makino Technology, even if it was only to purchase a certain amount of recommendation resources from YY. However, YY had always adopted a very pure operating model and temporarily did not open any paid promotion services, so the two companies had not been able to fulfill their wishes.

This time, when they heard from Elon Musk that Li Mu was interested in purchasing products in large quantities from them, both companies were very interested. This was because for them, this was not as simple as a business transaction. Most importantly, they could establish a direct relationship with Li Mu through this cooperation.

When the motorcade arrived in Silicon Valley, Li Mu asked Elon Musk to help him make an appointment with them. After that, he parted ways with Elon Musk and went to Makino Technology's branch in Silicon Valley with Li Ziwei. He needed to meet Lin Ching-ah first.

Lin Ching-ah did not know about Li Mu's plans to come to the United States. Before this, Li Mu had been in Shenzhen. She thought that Li Mu had recently focused his energy on Taobao Logistics. Therefore, when Li Mu suddenly appeared in Silicon Valley, it was a huge surprise to her.

After chatting for a while in Lin Ching-ah's office, Li Mu roughly explained the purpose of his trip to the United States this time. Regarding the epidemic, Li Mu did not hide it from Lin Ching-ah.

When Lin Ching-ah learned that Li Mu had come all the way to the United States to deal with the possible outbreak of the epidemic in advance, she also admired her boss from the bottom of her heart. She was only in charge of one section of the business under him, and she was already very busy. However, in addition to controlling multiple companies, he still had the time to pay attention to a possible outbreak of the epidemic. Moreover, he had put so much effort into it. It was really unimaginable.

Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong, actually, you could have just told me to do this kind of thing. I could have handled it on your behalf in the United States. You didn't have to go through so much trouble to make a trip here personally. Honeywell and 3M have contacted us before, hoping to cooperate with us. However, because you have always explicitly prohibited us from doing paid promotions, I have never agreed to it. Nevertheless, their willingness to cooperate is still very strong."

Li Mu nodded and said, "This time, I was a little oversensitive. I'm always worried that the epidemic will spread on a large scale in the country, so if I don't personally make a trip here to verify this kind of thing, I won't be at ease."

Lin Ching-ah nodded in understanding. She knew Li Mu's style of doing things. If it was something that he felt he could safely leave to his subordinates, he would only give orders and not interfere. Everything would be left to his subordinates. However, if it was something that he could not rest assured about, he would personally promote and supervise it no matter how busy he was. He would never leave it to others.

Then, Lin Ching-ah told Li Mu to wait for a moment. She typed in front of the computer for a while, and then the printer next to her rang, printing out several documents in a row. Lin Ching-ah sorted out the documents and brought them to Li Mu. She handed them to him and said, "Li Zong, this is a list of all the companies that have contacted us recently and hope to cooperate with us in advertising. Take a look."

Li Mu took the documents and glanced at them. He found that almost every company on the list was a world-class company that he was familiar with.

McDonald's, Wal-Mart, Ford, Toyota, General Motors, General Electric, Citibank, Coca-Cola...

The statistics list was several pages long, and almost all of them were large companies that were ranked among the top 500 in the world.

Li Mu finished reading in silence. When he lowered his head to read the documents, Lin Ching-ah had been staring at his handsome side profile and slender and neat eyelashes. Until he put the documents back on the table, Lin Ching-ah did not see the slightest surprise on his face.

Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but ask, "Li Zong, don't you feel anything after reading this list?"

Li Mu did not answer her question. Instead, he asked her with a smile, "What do you think I should feel?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "I think you should feel shocked first, and then regret."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Why?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Shocked because we are now valued by so many companies in the top 500. Regretful because we have unknowingly missed out on a huge amount of advertising fees."

Li Mu shook his head slightly and said indifferently, "Qing Ya, to be honest, I wouldn't be surprised even if the White House wants to cooperate with YY one day. This is not because I look down on the White House, but because I am very clear about our position. We are not an ordinary company, but a company whose goal is to use the Internet and our products to connect the whole world. One day, we will be the company with the largest and most extensive coverage in the world. Under such circumstances, all companies will hope to cooperate with us because we have the best channels and resources."

At this point, Li Mu continued, "As for what you said about losing a huge amount of advertising fees, that is not the case. Although the potential for advertising revenue is great, advertising is also a kind of harm to our users. Take our YY pop-up windows for example. We ensure that the YY pop-up windows' content is pure, so we can cater to the user experience to the greatest extent. Every increase in the proportion of advertising will cause us to lose some users. The more advertising we have, the worse the user experience will be, and the more opportunities there will be for our competitors to surpass us."

"In the early stages of YY's development, our most important goal is not to make money, but to retain as many users as possible and lay a solid foundation. Moreover, we have to cater to our users, plunder and monopolize them, so that all our competitors won't be able to find any flaws and die faster. When these goals have been achieved, it won't be too late for us to develop advertising revenue."

Lin Qingya nodded her head and said, "I understand what you mean. That's why I've never reported these matters to you before. Instead, I've always recorded them down and had the BD people maintain normal contact with them. Once you're ready to develop this business, we can directly turn these companies into business partners."

Li Mu said approvingly, "You've done very well. It proves that your mind is always preparing for the next stage of our journey."

As he said this, Li Mu said seriously, "Although we haven't reached the stage where we can directly cooperate with commercial advertising, we can slightly relax the restrictions. We can cooperate with these Fortune 500 companies who are interested in cooperating with us, but the way of cooperation must not be the most direct advertising cooperation. We must find a balance between the users, us, and our partners, and use an innovative way to do advertising cooperation."

Lin Ching-ah asked curiously, "Li Zong, since you said this, you must have a rough idea in your mind. Can you briefly introduce this innovative method you're talking about?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's actually very simple. Many companies want to advertise here. They might want to buy a display from YY pop-up window or buy a banner on YY. However, this kind of simple and crude promotion method is very harmful to users, and the conversion rate is very limited. Instead of that, we might as well use a new advertising model that can reduce the harm to users and increase the conversion rate at the same time."

"The new advertising model I'm talking about is actually a certain packaging of the advertisement. While advertising, we will consider the ordinary users. Not only will it benefit them in some ways, but it will also allow them to have a certain degree of participation."

"Take Coca-Cola for example. We can change to a new cooperation model. For example, if Coca-Cola is willing to pay me 100 million US dollars a year for advertising, then I will authorize Coca-Cola to print a designated exchange code in the bottle of Coca-Cola. Each exchange code can be exchanged for as little as 10 cents and as much as 100 US dollars in YY currency. The total amount of authorization can be 200 million US dollars in YY currency. Then, we will open up a secondary domain for Coca-Cola's consumers to exchange exchange codes. At the same time, I will also allow them to add elements of cooperation with us in their TV advertisements. I will also publicize this cooperation model in YY."