Chapter 1550

For Schwarzenegger and his campaign team, Makino Technology was like a huge gold mine that had just been discovered. It was extremely attractive to them.

However, Schwarzenegger was also having a headache at the same time. He knew that Makino Technology was an inexhaustible gold mine, and he knew that he had only dug the tip of the iceberg, but he had already obtained a huge harvest. If he continued to dig deeper, the benefits he could obtain would be even greater. However, how to continue was what Schwarzenegger was most worried about now.

Just when he and his team couldn't find a breakthrough, Schwarzenegger suddenly received a phone call.

The call was from Lin Ching-ah.

Schwarzenegger picked up the phone and saw that it was an unfamiliar number. He pressed the answer button and immediately asked, "Hello, who is this?"

Lin Ching-ah said in fluent English, "Is this Mr. Arnold Schwarzenegger?"

"It's me," Schwarzenegger responded and asked, "You are?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "Hello, Mr. Schwarzenegger. I am Lin Ching-ah, the vice president of Makino Technology."

Schwarzenegger had never heard of Lin Ching-ah's name, but when he heard that she was the vice president of Makino Technology, he suddenly became excited and hurriedly said, "Hello, Ms. Lin!

I'm very happy to receive your call. "

Lin Ching-ah said, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, our Makino Technology's Li Zong has just asked me to communicate with you on some matters, but some things need to be communicated in person, so I wonder if it's convenient for you in the near future?"

"Yes!

I'm available anytime! "

Schwarzenegger's recent schedule was actually very full. Even the president of a listed company couldn't be busier than a candidate participating in the campaign.

During the critical period of the campaign, there was at least one public activity every day, either to attend speeches, participate in activities, participate in TV programs, charity activities, and even to visit kindergartens, elementary schools, and high schools.

In addition to public activities, they had to pay close attention to various data with their campaign team every day. Where the support rate was high, where the support rate was low, where the advantage of the competitor was, and where the disadvantage of the competitor was.

More importantly, the candidate had to maintain close communication with the party behind them and the behind-the-scenes boss who funded the campaign. They even had to constantly find new campaign support for themselves.

Under such circumstances, he didn't even have the time to chat in the coffee shop for twenty minutes. However, Schwarzenegger didn't hesitate to tell Lin Ching-ah that all his time was unconditionally open to her. This showed how much he valued Makino Technology.

Lin Ching-ah also heard the sincerity in Schwarzenegger's answer, so she asked, "Mr. Schwarzenegger, are you in California now?"

"I'm here."

Schwarzenegger blurted out, "I'm in Sacramento now. My campaign headquarters is here."

Schwarzenegger then asked Lin Ching-ah, "Where is Miss Lin now?

Is it in Silicon Valley? "

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "That's right, I'm in Silicon Valley."

Schwarzenegger asked again, "Miss Lin, what time do you think is suitable?

I can meet you in Silicon Valley. "

Lin Ching-ah said, "It's like this. Li Zong wants me to try to meet you as soon as possible. So, if you don't have a problem with your time, let's meet tonight. If it's not convenient for you, let's change to another time."

Schwarzenegger said without hesitation, "I don't have a problem with my time. Let's meet tonight?

See you in Silicon Valley? "

Lin Ching-ah said, "Let's choose a compromise place. It's more convenient for both sides, and we have more time."

Schwarzenegger said, "Let's choose Stockton. It's about the same distance from us, and the place is relatively small. It won't attract as much attention. A good friend of mine has a restaurant there. We can meet there."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said straightforwardly, "Then let's meet at 7 p.m. in Stockton. Please arrange for someone to send me the specific address. Thank you."

Schwarzenegger's campaign adviser saw that he had ended the call with Lin Ching-ah and hurriedly came forward to remind him, "Sir, we have an appointment with Sakman for dinner tonight. This time, he is interested in an additional campaign sponsorship of one million US dollars. This is a very generous amount of funding. If we cancel the meeting with him, I'm afraid it will affect the landing of the one million US dollars …"

Schwarzenegger waved his hand and said, "It doesn't matter. The most important thing for us now is to finalize the cooperation with Makino Technology. Makino Technology has the highest priority. In front of it, everything else can be pushed back. Tell Sakman that I have something urgent and can only change it to tomorrow night. If he has any objections, then forget it."

…

After hanging up the phone, Lin Ching-ah immediately picked up the landline on the table and dialed a four-digit internal number.

As soon as the call was connected, Lin Ching-ah said, "Ask Lu Xue to come to my office."

In less than a minute, a pretty and pretty girl in a professional suit knocked on the door and entered Lin Ching-ah's office.

This girl was a top student personally recruited by Lin Ching-ah from Hua Xia's Foreign Affairs College in the early days when she joined Makino Technology.

Lu Xue gave up the path of a civil servant and even gave up the possibility of becoming a diplomat. She chose to join Makino Technology, largely because of her affirmation of the 3321 bursary fund. However, Lin Ching-ah saw a unique advantage in her, so she kept her by her side and nurtured her step by step. When Makino Technology went to North America, Lin Ching-ah also brought her along.

Because of her innate intelligence and extremely solid foundation of various knowledge and logical thinking skills in school, Lu Xue made rapid progress. Moreover, she graduated from the Foreign Affairs College. The students who graduated from the Foreign Affairs College, no matter what industry they went to, had a common characteristic, that was, excellent English.

The English level of the students of the Foreign Affairs College was generally much better than that of the students of the Foreign Languages College. Moreover, they had a very deep understanding of Western politics, society, and culture, so they were even more at home in the United States.

As soon as Lu Xue entered Lin Ching-ah's office, she asked, "Boss Lin, are you looking for me?"

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "Li Zong just called me. There is a very important task assigned to me. This task needs a person to act as a liaison, and I hope you can take on this role."

Lu Xue didn't ask what the task was. She nodded without hesitation and said, "No problem, Boss Lin, please tell me."

This was how high-end people did things. When the leader assigned a task, they didn't ask what it was or why it was. They just needed to take it on first.

Many people's first reaction at this time was to ask, "What kind of task is it?"

But with just this one sentence, they immediately showed their timidity.

Under normal circumstances, if the leader trusted a person and wanted to give him a task, then the leader would first think that the person would definitely be able to do it. Since the leader thought so, then why should they doubt themselves?

Lin Ching-ah was very satisfied with Lu Xue's attitude. She said, "You know Schwarzenegger, right?"

Lu Xue nodded. "Of course."

Lin Ching-ah asked again, "Do you know what Schwarzenegger has been doing recently?"

Lu Xue smiled and said, "I know. He is running for governor of California."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "What do you think the chances of him succeeding are?"

Lu Xue thought about it and said, "If the campaign team is professional enough and performs steadily, then Schwarzenegger has at least a 70% chance of being elected."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "What Li Zong means is that he wants to help Schwarzenegger win the election."

Lu Xue nodded lightly and said, "No wonder our Twitter has been guiding Schwarzenegger's traffic as soon as it went online."

Lin Ching-ah was very curious and asked, "How did you know about this?"

Lin Ching-ah was puzzled. Even Lin Ching-ah had just learned about Twitter's temporary algorithm change from Li Mu's phone call. How did Lu Xue know about it?

Lu Xue smiled and explained, "I have been paying attention to the content and trending topics on Twitter, and then I found out that Schwarzenegger appeared in the 'Your friends are also following' position. At first, I didn't think it was strange, but as I browsed a lot of Twitter pages, Schwarzenegger quickly appeared again. At that time, I paid more attention to him and went to look at Schwarzenegger's home page. I found that his fans were growing abnormally fast, so I realized that we might be helping them guide their traffic. Otherwise, with the internet foundation of Schwarzenegger and his staff, they shouldn't have been able to crack our algorithm and bug."

Lin Ching-ah praised, "Your analysis is very good. You have analyzed the basic situation."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah said, "Li Zong now wants to strengthen the cooperation with Schwarzenegger. He needs a capable and trustworthy person to temporarily join Schwarzenegger's campaign team and take on the role of the communication between the two sides. I think there is no one more suitable than you. So what do you think?"

Lu Xue smiled and said, "Of course I have no objections. I will carry out the company's arrangements. You just need to tell me when to go over."

Lin Ching-ah said, "We will set off for Stockton in a while. Schwarzenegger will rush there from Sacramento to meet us. After the meeting, I will introduce you to him and give you full authority to represent Makino Technology. If Schwarzenegger has no objections, then you can go over as soon as possible."

Lu Xue nodded and said simply, "Okay, I will follow the company's arrangements."

Lin Ching-ah said again, "Schwarzenegger's campaign headquarters should be in Sacramento, where the state capital is located. So from now until October, most of your time may be spent in Sacramento. The company will arrange for a driver, a car, and a personal assistant for you. At the same time, we will take care of your accommodation and other expenses in a five-star hotel in Sacramento. Your salary during this period will be doubled, and the extra will be your travel allowance."

Lu Xue smiled and thanked her. "Thank you, President Lin. The biggest characteristic of our company is that we are generous …"