Chapter 1806

"Rolling In The Deep" was definitely the pinnacle of pop music in the first two decades of the 21st century.

If you were humble, you could add the word "one of". If you were not humble, there was absolutely nothing wrong with not adding the word "one".

Therefore, everyone in the recording studio, except for Li Mu, was extremely excited.

Du Wei even calmed down several times before she could adjust her breathing and learn to sing this song.

Zhang Yadong, who was in charge of production and arrangement, began to think about how to arrange such an excellent pop song when he heard Li Mu teach Du Wei to sing.

For a song, the foundation of the lyrics and music was very important. The singer's singing was very important, and the arrangement was also very important.

The lyrics and music were like a person's facial features and figure. The singer's singing was like the person's feeling and temperament. The arrangement was like her hair, makeup and clothes.

Take the Princess Di Hou as an example. Many people were not uglier than her, and some were even prettier than her, but either their temperament was not as good as hers, or their hair, makeup and clothes were not as good as hers.

Therefore, she could always maintain her unique taste in the entertainment circle, which was full of beautiful women.

At this time, Zhang Yadong was like a stylist, desperately racking his brains, trying to make the beautiful girl in "Rolling In The Deep" into a top super temperament beauty.

Just when Zhang Yadong exhausted all his inspiration and found an arrangement style, Li Mu had already taught Du Wei to sing this song and told her the feeling of this song.

Then, Li Mu said to Zhang Yadong, "Mr. Yadong, about the arrangement …"

Zhang Yadong immediately blurted out, "Li Zong, about the arrangement, I have a general idea …"

Li Mu smiled and said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Mr. Yadong, I have some ideas about the arrangement. Can you perfect it according to my ideas?"

"Ah …" Zhang Yadong heard this and felt a little disappointed.

If he could participate in the arrangement of such a good work, it would be really an honor.

But he didn't expect that Li Mu already had an idea about the arrangement.

He knew very well that Li Mu could write such a song, and his understanding and attainments in music were already amazing. He thought that if he didn't know how to arrange the song, it would be best for him to do it. But if he knew how to arrange the song, then he could only play a supporting role.

However, for such a god-level pop song, even if it was just a supporting role, it was already very satisfying.

So, Zhang Yadong immediately adjusted his mentality and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, can you introduce the idea of the arrangement to me?"

Li Mu said, "My idea is to simplify it. The prelude is to use an acoustic guitar, and then Du Wei will enter the first part of the main song. When it comes to the second part of the main song, the drummer will enter the bottom drum to strengthen the rhythm and atmosphere. In the third part, the piano and bass will enter. Then, when it comes to the first part of the chorus, all the instruments will be played and the harmony will be added."

Zhang Yadong nodded as he listened and said, "Then, Li Zong, I'll communicate with the musicians and then try it out first."

"Okay!"

Although Li Mu's description was not professional, Zhang Yadong was still very professional. He quickly figured out Li Mu's requirements and then began to communicate with the musicians about the specific performance of the song.

Everyone rehearsed a few times. After getting a general idea of the feeling, they called Du Wei over. Everyone walked through it to try out the feeling, and then perfected some small details. If they felt that the whole thing was OK, they went straight into the studio.

The Black Swan Choir, who graduated from the Central Conservatory of Music, was invited by Zhang Yadong to do the harmony for "Set the Fire To The Rain." This was the first harmony singing group of Hua Xia, and they were real professional students. Their knowledge of music theory and vocal skills were very high.

When they heard the song "Rolling In The Deep," the three girls of the Black Swan Choir were deeply shocked. When they heard that they were lucky enough to continue to participate in the harmony recording of this song, the three of them were very excited.

Zhang Yadong quickly perfected a set of two-part harmony based on Li Mu's humming.

Then, everyone went into the studio for the first time to record.

At this time, everyone was full of excitement and anticipation, because everyone knew very well that they were about to participate in the recording of an extremely rare classic masterpiece. They were like sculptors facing the best material. There was only one thought in their minds, and that was to make this work the best it could be.

Although this song was a classic, the overall arrangement was very simple. For professional musicians, the difficulty of the accompaniment of this song was almost at the beginner level, so they quickly presented the accompaniment that was no worse than the original version.

Next, it was Du Wei who was going to be tested the most.

She was on the thin side, and her voice was not as deep as Adele's, but she was a professional singer, so she was able to achieve 80% of the original version.

For a day and a half, Du Wei constantly adjusted her singing, and constantly let her voice blend with the style of the song. Finally, she succeeded in achieving 90% of the original version.

After all the recording and mixing was completed, everyone held their breath in front of the monitor speaker to listen to the final version of the song.

From the beginning of the prelude, the rhythm of the song was very clear, especially like constantly punching the heart of the audience with the same rhythm, it was very moving.

When Du Wei started singing, the charm of the song was immediately revealed.

As the number of instruments continued to increase, the overall momentum of the song continued to be released, and the appeal of the song became stronger.

Until the chorus of the song, "You've got to have it in the deep", everyone felt that the atmosphere was so intense that it was about to explode!

Zhang Yadong was so excited that even his hands were shaking. After the song was finished, he immediately said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, this song will definitely go down in history!

It's really great! "

Li Yanliang could not help but exclaim, "Even if this song gets a Grammy, it won't be any worse than the works of famous European and American singers!"

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Xiaowei will be going to the European and American roadshow soon. Before she starts her first roadshow, I will first push the song 'Set the Fire To The Rain' to the world. Once this song becomes popular and the movie is about to be released, I will ask Spielberg to make a new copy and put 'Rolling In The Deep' at the end of the credits as the ending song of the whole movie. At that time, it will definitely shock all the audiences in the cinema."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "At that time, everyone will definitely be very curious about this song. If they want to know what the song is called and who is singing it, they will have to wait in the cinema until the end of the movie. Only then will the name of the song appear, along with the names of the singer and the people behind the scenes. I promise everyone that the names of all the staff present today will appear in the list of people behind the scenes of this song, and no matter which country in the world, we will show their Chinese names!"

After saying that, everyone cheered excitedly.

Even the three girls from the Black Swan Choir could not help but shed tears.

It was a great honor to be able to participate in the production of such a song. If this song could become the ending song of "Flying Tigers", it would be even more of an honor.

Moreover, if their names could also appear in the credits at the end, it would be even more of an honor!

Li Mu knew that artists pursued the ultimate goal of their works, so he immediately said, "If this song wins an award in the future, or is invited to perform at important occasions such as the Grammy or the Oscars, then I promise everyone that everyone here will be the first choice for the performance. This song was created by everyone together, and everyone has the right to go on the world stage with it!"

At this time, even men like Zhang Yadong and Li Yanliang had tears in their eyes.

…

Three days later, Du Wei flew to the United States.

Because she had to travel between the United States and Europe, Du Wei's mother and sister, Dufy, personally accompanied her to the United States.

Li Mu contributed his own Gulfstream G550, which was used to transport the three of them, as well as the accompanying staff to various places.

As for Liu Ye, who had to do a roadshow in the Asian region, naturally, he did not have such a high treatment.

Du Wei's first stop in the United States was Los Angeles, where Hollywood was located.

The first roadshow of "Flying Tigers" in the United States would be held in the best cinema and the biggest movie hall in Hollywood.

Spielberg had mobilized all of his resources, and the people who would be there would be all the top Hollywood celebrities and the top American media outlets.

To put it bluntly, a roadshow was a selective advance screening.

For example, a roadshow in Hollywood would invite the Hollywood bigwigs and media reporters to come and watch the movie first. After watching the movie, the main cast would appear to introduce more details of the movie to everyone. This way, the media would report on it the next day to increase the exposure of the movie in front of the public.

The presence of these celebrities would also be a big selling point for the media, and it would further increase the exposure of the movie.

At the same time, there would also be specialized critics who would release reviews that did not contain spoilers, or very few spoilers, to further stimulate the appetite of the audience.

The next stop was New York, and the invited celebrities and big media outlets in New York were also invited.

This kind of continuous roadshow in front of the high-end people and the media would be able to create enough of a local sensation, which was also the key purpose of the roadshow.

For the European and American audiences, they were completely unfamiliar with Du Wei. They had not seen any of Du Wei's movies before, and had only seen some clips from Du Wei's released trailers, so she did not have much influence in Europe and the United States.

Now that "21 Guns" had been at the top of the music charts for more than a week, it could finally be considered that Du Wei's reputation in Europe and the United States had increased to a certain extent.

However, European and American music focused on exposure, and the music video was extremely important, because the music video could give the audience a visual impact, so that when the audience listened to the song, they could see the singer and the story behind the song.

Du Wei's "21 Guns" was at a disadvantage because there was no music video, so there was a phenomenon of "the singer being popular but not being popular".

However, Li Mu was very clear that when "Set Fire To The Ride" was released, even if Du Wei did not show her face from beginning to end, it would definitely cause a sensation in Europe and the United States.

If "Rolling In The Deep" was released, the entire Western world would be shocked by these two songs!

:.

: