Chapter 828

Chen Wan didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Li Mu's drunken "your dad."

She was just subconsciously complaining about the people who drank with Li Mu. She didn't expect her dad to be one of them. It seemed that they had a good talk in the morning and drank at noon.

Chen Wan could only put this problem aside. She wanted to take Li Mu to the bedroom to lie down, but at this time, Li Mu hugged her tightly from behind. His naughty hands were like suction cups. How could she get rid of them?

So Chen Wan could only coax Li Mu like she was coaxing a child. "Let me help you to the bedroom to rest first, okay?"

Li Mu shook his head. His hands were still holding onto her.

Chen Wan almost lost her balance. She could only continue to coax him. "I'll help you to lie down on the bed first. Then I'll get you a wet towel to wipe your face, okay?

You'll feel better after wiping your face. "

Li Mu still shook his head and muttered, "I just want to stay like this …"

He didn't lose consciousness, but he was really drunk. With this little bit of alcohol, he, a man, actually wanted to play around in front of Chen Wan and act like a spoiled child.

Chen Wan had no choice. She turned her head and looked at Li Mu. She wrapped her arms around his head and kissed him on the cheek. She said dotingly, "If you want to stay, then come. I'll carry you there."

Li Mu weighed 150 kilograms. It wasn't easy for Chen Wan to carry him. Naturally, Li Mu couldn't really let her carry him, so he followed her into the bedroom.

As soon as they entered the bedroom, Li Mu lay down on the bed. Chen Wan helped him take off his shoes, socks, and pants. Then she coaxed him and said, "Wait for me. I'll go get a towel. I'll be back soon."

The dizzy Li Mu became playful. He grabbed the hem of Chen Wan's dress and murmured, "I won't let you go."

Chen Wan had no choice but to sit down next to him on the bed and said patiently, "I'll wipe your face and then your palms and feet. You'll feel a little more comfortable."

Li Mu said, "I won't. I don't have a fever."

Chen Wan said, "Getting drunk is the same as having a fever. You need to cool down."

Li Mu shook his head. "No."

Chen Wan looked at him helplessly. She had never thought that the precocious Li Mu in her eyes would have such a childish side to him. She had never thought that she would like his current appearance so much.

So Chen Wan smiled and said, "Then I'll go get you a glass of water.

There's soda in the fridge. Do you want one? "

Li Mu still shook his head. "No."

Chen Wan pretended to be angry and asked him, "You need to get rid of the alcohol when you drink too much, but you don't want this or that. Tell me, what are you trying to do?"

Li Mu squinted at her and said, "All the methods you said to get rid of the alcohol are useless. I have a secret recipe for getting rid of the alcohol. I'll tell you if you kiss me."

Chen Wan snorted. "I'll give you a kiss to get rid of the alcohol by yourself. How can there be such a good thing?"

Li Mu turned his face to the side and said, "I don't care. You do what you want."

Chen Wan couldn't help but laugh. She said unwillingly, "Okay, okay, okay. I'll spoil you, okay?"

After saying that, she leaned down and gently kissed Li Mu on the lips. Just as she was about to get up and pour water for Li Mu, she didn't expect that Li Mu would suddenly act like an octopus that had caught its prey. His hands and feet instantly closed and hugged Chen Wan tightly. Then, he turned over and looked at her. "The secret recipe for getting rid of the alcohol I'm talking about is …"

"Ah …"

…

The next afternoon, Song Liang personally went to the airport to send off Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan. The three of them definitely returned from a rewarding trip, and their mood was so good that it was speechless.

This time, Chen Wan didn't go back with them. She explained to her father that she still had something to do in Yanjing and would directly return to Xiangdu after that. Chen Yuan didn't think too much about it and only told her to stay at home for a few more days when she had time.

Chen Wan originally wanted to go to the airport to send them off, but for the past two days, she had been stuck to by Li Mu who seemed to have lost his age. She was physically and mentally exhausted. Li Mu was still fine. After a shower, he would be full of energy again, but she couldn't. She didn't want to stand up at all and only wanted to sit or lie down.

Originally, Li Mu wanted to sleep with Chen Wan at home. These two days, he had already fallen in love with the fun of acting like a teenager in front of Chen Wan. In his two lifetimes, other than acting like a spoiled child to his mother when he was young, Li Mu had never acted like a spoiled child to any other woman. He didn't expect that acting like a spoiled child to Chen Wan and being spoiled by her would actually feel so good.

As expected, Chen Wan was a big girl who completely let him teach her in order to take care of him. In their world, as long as it was something that made Li Mu happy, she wouldn't refuse. This really gave Li Mu a great sense of satisfaction.

If it wasn't for the fact that he had to send off Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang, Li Mu really didn't want to step out of Chen Wan's house.

When Li Mu came out of the shower, Chen Wan had already picked out a set of clothes for him. She also helped him blow-dry his hair and deliberately put some hair wax on it. It could be said that she was really considerate.

Before sending Li Mu out, Chen Wan fixed his collar and asked him, "I'll go back to Xiangdu tomorrow night. Will you come to accompany me tonight?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course, but I may be late because I have to wait at the airport for a while after sending off the plane. Kangzi came back from the South China Sea today, just half an hour later than their departure time. I have something to discuss with him. We'll go talk about something after picking him up. After talking, I'll accompany you. It may be a little late. Don't wait for me to eat."

Chen Wan nodded and said, "I know. Go ahead."

Coming out of Chen Wan's house with a mask on, Li Mu directly sat in the Benz car driven by Wang Yuanlang in the basement, and then the car quickly drove to the Capital Airport.

Mei Yanfang's illness was not a big problem. There was enough medical level to operate on her in Yanjing. However, Mei Yanfang still chose to go to the United States for treatment for the sake of prudence. This was also good. After all, cancer was a disease that made people pale when they heard of it. Even in the early stage, it would attract a lot of attention.

In Li Mu's opinion, it was also a good thing that Zhang Guorong accompanied her. In fact, the main reason was that Zhang Guorong's mood could be greatly relieved after leaving the Hong Kong Entertainment Circle and not receiving the gossip of the Hong Kong Entertainment Circle. What was more, this time he put all his energy into accompanying Mei Yanfang. Accompanying Mei Yanfang to fight against cancer was a very positive thing in itself, and it would definitely be of great benefit to him.

When Li Mu arrived at the airport, he saw Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Dong Ai outside the VIP passage of the international departure security check. To his surprise, Xiao Fangfang was also with them.

After greeting the three of them, Li Mu asked Xiao Fangfang, "President Xiao, are you going to the United States with us?"

Xiao Fangfang shook her head and said, "I have to go back and arrange things for the Seedling Protection Foundation. However, I have told Anita that after I finish my work, I will immediately go to the United States to see her."

Mei Yanfang said gratefully, "Sister Fang, I have told you that there is no need to go so far to see me. My brother will accompany me and our assistants. That is enough. This time, we are going to see a doctor, and we don't want to disturb the people in the entertainment circle."

Xiao Fangfang smiled and said, "Don't worry, I will bring my eldest daughter with me. I won't tell anyone in the industry."

Mei Yanfang continued to persuade her, "Sister Fang, you really don't have to go through so much trouble. Hong Kong is really too far from the United States. It is very tiring."

Xiao Fangfang patted her hand and said with a smile, "Compared to being a student aid in Yun Gui, it is not tiring at all."

After saying that, Xiao Fangfang could not help but say, "It's settled then. If you refuse again, this old woman will get angry."

At this time, Zhang Guorong, who had been silent, said to Mei Yanfang, "Since Sister Fang wants to go, why do you stop her? Just think of it as Sister Fang coming to the United States to find us for a gathering."

Mei Yanfang could only nod, and her eyes were already wet.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Aunt Mei, this trip to the United States should not take too long to solve everything. At that time, Dong Ai and I are still waiting for you and Big Brother to come back and be 3321's student aid ambassador again."

Mei Yanfang knew Li Mu was encouraging her by saying this. It will not take long to solve everything, and it also means her cancer will be cured soon. So, she nodded gratefully and said, "Li Zong, I really don't know how to thank you. Let's not talk about other things first. I will not forget about 3321. After I recover, I will not even return to Hong Kong. I will come to Beijing to look for you and Xiao Dong. I will continue to be 3321's student aid ambassador."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I will be waiting. Don't let us wait for too long."

Dong Ai also said with tears in her eyes, "Aunt Mei, I can't go to the United States to see you. I am very busy with work, and I don't even have a passport, let alone a US visa. You must take care of yourself there. If you are bored, you can call me."

Mei Yanfang gently hugged Dong Ai in her arms and said with a smile, "My good sister, you should focus on your work. Before I met you and came into contact with 3321, I didn't think that what you guys did was very noble. But after coming into contact with 3321, I finally understand that what you and Chief Li are doing is really beneficial for generations to come. So many children can go to college because of your hard work, and so many university students can complete their studies because of your hard work. This can be said to be the most meaningful thing I have seen, done, and participated in in all these years. You must do your job well, and when I come back, I will continue to fight by your side."

Mei Yanfang was not a person who was good at stirring up emotions, but she had indeed gotten along very well with Dong Ai during this period of time. They were also very close, far more than the friendship between partners and ordinary friends. In her heart, she sincerely treated Dong Ai as a younger sister, so her words naturally came from the bottom of her heart.

Zhang Guorong saw that it was almost time, so she said, "Anita, our time is almost up. We should go in."

Mei Yanfang nodded, and whispered a few words to Dong Ai.

Zhang Guorong reached out and shook Li Mu's hand, and said seriously, "Li Zong, I won't say too many words of thanks. Other than 3321, if there is anything else you need my help with in the future, please don't hesitate to ask."

Li Mu said, "Big brother, you are too kind. I hope you can join 3321 in the future."

"I will!"

At this time, Mei Yanfang walked in front of Li Mu, and gave him a light hug. "Goodbye, Li Zong!"

Li Mu nodded, and only said two words, "Take care."

…