Chapter 71

Everyone in Haizhou knew about Zhang Wanjun, but because he had been keeping a low profile for the past two years, most of the low-level gangsters had never seen him. However, almost all the gangsters in Haizhou knew the person who shouted. He was the manager of Haizhou's Century Light, Lu Yong.

Century Light was a disco that opened at the end of 1999 and had always been the largest disco in Haizhou. As for Lu Yong's manager, he was basically the boss of the place.

The Century Light was the favorite place for Haizhou's gangsters, so Lu Yong's appearance and character were extremely famous among the Haizhou's gangsters. Everyone knew that he was bold and had many underlings, and they also knew that his boss was Zhang Wanjun. As Zhang Wanjun himself rarely got involved in matters related to the underworld, Lu Yong basically became Zhang Wanjun's spokesperson in the underworld.

Only when Lu Yong shouted did Zou Long's lackeys realize that there were five cars driving over at once.

There was an Audi A6, two Mitsubishi Pajeros, and two Hippocampus Primas. Except for the Audi, more than 20 people got out of the other four cars and surrounded them. Lu Yong, who was leading the group, held an iron rod wrapped in black insulating tape in his hand and had a fierce look on his face.

These gangsters didn't know what was going on, and they were all stunned on the spot. Just a moment ago, Zhang Wanjun's brand new A6 had stopped beside their boss's Accord, and Zhang Wanjun had even taken the initiative to greet their boss. Everyone was saying that their boss actually had a relationship with Zhang Wanjun, and that he was really a mysterious person. But why did Zhang Wanjun's number one fighter, Lu Yong, suddenly appear in the blink of an eye?

Lu Yong was furious when he saw that the gangsters were still standing there. Without hesitation, he raised his steel pipe and smashed it at the guy closest to him, causing his head to bleed.

"You think my words are bullsh * t?

Get the f * ck out of here! "

The underlings immediately understood that Lu Yong was here to mess with them. Unlike Zou Hua, Lu Yong had always been famous for his ruthlessness in the underworld. The gangsters in Haizhou were very familiar with his stories, and when they talked about his methods, they would all turn pale.

Zou Hua's underlings immediately covered their heads and scurried away. Lu Yong was still not satisfied and chased after them, hitting and kicking them with his stick. Every movement was accompanied by sound effects: "Damn it, you're still dawdling!", "F * ck your mother, get the f * ck out of here!", "F * ck you, you still dare to look back?

What the f * ck are you looking at! "

Zou Hua was shocked. Just as he got out of the car to see what was going on, he saw Lu Yong beating up all his subordinates. His subordinates were like sons who had seen their father. They only knew how to run away with their heads in their hands, not even daring to make a sound.

"Brother Yong, what are you doing …" Zou Hua was a little flustered. He was not a fool. At first glance, he realized that something was wrong. Thinking of Song Liang who had been very calm in the car, he instinctively thought that Lu Yong should be the reinforcement Song Liang called.

At this time, all of Zou Hua's subordinates had been driven away. More than a dozen of them fled like stray dogs. If their boss was gone, they could follow him again, but if they provoked Lu Yong, they wouldn't be able to survive in Hai Province in the future. Moreover, since Lu Yong had appeared, it was obvious that Zou Hua wouldn't be able to handle it. Who would be willing to take the risk for him at this time?

Lu Yong kept hitting his left palm with the iron rod in his right hand. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Zou Hua. "Hua Zi, right?

What's the meaning of this? Are you messing with Brother Liang today? "

With cold sweat on his back, Zou Hua said flatteringly, "Brother Yong, this is a misunderstanding, isn't it?

One of my brothers was beaten by a high school student. I'm helping him to vent his anger. I'm not messing with Brother Liang. "

Zhang Wanjun, who had just come here by car, got out of his Audi and stood in front of Zou Hua. He narrowed his eyes and asked, "Hua Zi, you even dare to mess with my friend. In the future, will you be in charge of the affairs in Hai Province?"

Zou Hua only felt that the sky was about to collapse. Half an hour ago, Zhang Wanjun took the initiative to greet him. He still felt happy in his heart and his vanity was bursting, but now he understood that Zhang Wanjun actually came to find trouble with him.

"Brother Jun, there must be a misunderstanding. I really don't know Brother Liang. I just …"

Zhang Wanjun raised his hand to signal him to shut up. Then, he looked at Song Liang sitting in the Accord and said with a smile, "Old Song, are you addicted to sitting in this shabby Accord?"

At this time, Song Liang opened the door and got out of the car. He first nodded and smiled at Zhang Wanjun. Then, he looked at Zou Hua and said lightly, "Let me introduce myself. I'm Song Liang, and Li Mu is my younger brother. Since you said that you will take responsibility for your brother, then I'll settle the score with you."

Li Mu also got out of the car at this time.

With the help of a big shot, he said less, did less, and learned more. After getting out of the car, he stood there without saying anything.

When Zou Hua heard Song Liang's name, the sky that was about to collapse completely collapsed.

Song Liang's fame in Hai Province was no less than that of Zhang Wanjun. Although he was not in the underworld, people in Hai Province knew that his power in Hai Province was much greater than that of Zhang Wanjun.

First of all, Song Liang was richer than Zhang Wanjun. Song Liang was engaged in real estate in Hai Province, and Zhang Wanjun was the one who followed him to take over all the cement and sand on the construction site.

Secondly, Song Liang's network was much stronger than Zhang Wanjun's. Zhang Wanjun had been trying to clear his name in the past two years, but no matter how hard he tried, he would not become a guest of honor of the municipal party committee leader. No school would invite him to cut the ribbon for the teaching building, and it was even more impossible for him to have Song Liang's complicated network in Jinling. He was just a gangster. No matter how powerful he was in Hai Province, he could not show his face in public. Song Liang, on the other hand, was not a gangster, but an upper-class celebrity, a social elite who could control the black and white forces.

Zou Hua also understood this very well. He was not a fool. He did not help Guo Yuhang blindly because he was swayed by his emotions, but because he wanted to gain benefits from his father. However, he did not expect that a high school student could invite Song Liang, who was like a god in Haizhou, to help him.

"Brother Liang, I was wrong. I had eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. I deserve to die. I …"

Zou Hua was so flustered that he almost had a heart attack.

Guo Yuhang, who was in the car, also felt that his heart was about to jump out of his chest when he saw this scene. Although he did not get out of the car, he saw and heard everything clearly. At this time, he also realized that Li Mu was so powerful that he was afraid that things would not be good today.

Zou Hua, who was extremely frightened, kept saying how he was a bastard and began to slap his face. The sound was quite crisp, and he was willing to use his real strength.

Song Liang said impatiently, "Don't talk to me about these useless things. You just said here that you will take responsibility for your brother's matter. In this case, I'll tell you my solution."

Zou Hua hurriedly begged with a sobbing tone, "Brother Liang, I was really wrong. Please forgive me, I …"

"Let me finish!"

Song Liang was annoyed and punched the roof of the Accord. With a bang, Zou Hua and Guo Yuhang in the car were scared out of their wits.

When Lu Yong saw that Song Liang was anxious, he swung the steel pipe horizontally and fiercely hit Zou Hua's back, making him lie on the ground. Then, Lu Yong grabbed the hair at the back of his head and pulled his upper body up, making him kneel on the ground and bend his waist into a C shape.

"Brother Liang, I haven't finished speaking. If you talk any more, I'll tear your mouth apart."

Lu Yong's voice was not loud, but his words were extremely clear and revealed a sense of ruthlessness.

Zou Hua's back and scalp were in sharp pain, but he did not dare to make a sound.

Song Liang waved his hand, "Little Yong, don't be impulsive. Let's be calm and reasonable."

Lu Yong nodded and let go of Zou Hua. Zou Hua did not dare to stand up and just knelt on the ground.

Song Liang regained his usual calmness and said, "Your brother provoked my brother and my brother beat him. This is between the two of them and should have been solved by the two of them. I shouldn't have intervened, but you insisted on jumping out to take the blame for him, so don't blame me for lowering myself to your level."

"You wanted to hurt my brother and scolded me for a long time. I have to settle this score with you. And your brother's matter, since you repeatedly stressed that you would take the blame for him, then I'll settle it with you."

When Zou Hua heard this, he hurriedly begged, "Brother Liang, it's my fault for scolding you. I have nothing to say if you beat me or scold me, but I won't take the blame for this kid. This kid caused it himself and offended you by dragging me into it. He should bear the consequences himself."

Song Liang glanced at Guo Yuhang, who was scared pale in the car, and said to Zou Hua, "Since you said you would take the blame, you have to take the blame. If you don't want to accept it, wait until I'm done with you, then you can settle it with him."

Zou Hua immediately panicked and wanted to beg for mercy and explain, but Song Liang waved his hand and said, "Don't worry, I won't beat you or scold you. I'm just angry in my heart. Today, I'll make a deal with you."

Zou Hua was confused. Song Liang glanced at the brand-new Accord and asked, "How much did you pay for this car?"

"Two … two hundred and sixty-eight thousand."

Song Liang said lightly, "I'll buy your car at the original price. What do you think?"

Zou Hua was even more confused, but when Song Liang said he wanted to buy his car, he wanted to quickly say that he didn't want the money. However, this car had really consumed all his money. Originally, he spent a lot of money, but after several years of muddling around, he spent all the money he had saved on this car. He really didn't dare to say that.

Seeing that he didn't have any reaction, Song Liang frowned and urged, "Say something!"

Zou Hua hurriedly blurted out, "Okay, Brother Liang, whatever you say."