Chapter 1142

"Hollywood director Spielberg will come to China to discuss in-depth cooperation with Li Mu!"

"Makino Image will reach a deep cooperation with DreamWorks Animation. The cooperation includes: Makino Image and DreamWorks Animation will jointly establish 'Shadow Mu DreamWorks Animation', in which Makino Image will hold 70% of the shares, and DreamWorks Animation will hold 30% of the shares. Together, they will promote the popularization of the Shadow Mu ticketing system in the North American market. At the same time, Makino Image and DreamWorks Animation will have in-depth cooperation on film and television projects. It is reported that the two sides will jointly produce at least one film every year. Director Spielberg has promised to personally direct two of the films in the next five years."

After Li Mu and Spielberg reached an agreement, the two companies immediately entered the contract process. At the same time, they began to announce the news to the media. Since the Shadow Ranger ticketing system itself had attracted a lot of attention both at home and abroad, once the cooperation intention was revealed, it immediately attracted a lot of attention worldwide.

Media everywhere reported the cooperation between Li Mu and Spielberg. Among them, the people of Hua Xia and North America were the happiest. Although Li Mu did not explicitly reveal that his cooperation with Spielberg was to promote Hua Xia culture, the people of Hua Xia could feel that Li Mu was using his own strength to tie the film and television industry of Hua Xia and Hollywood together. North American people were elated because it seemed that they would soon be able to experience this wonderful online ticketing system, which was definitely a huge improvement for North American people who loved watching movies.

The cooperation between Li Mu and Spielberg also shocked the whole film and television industry of Hua Xia and the whole Hollywood. The film and television industry of Hua Xia had basically been ruined by Li Mu. Because dozens of film and television companies jointly reported the Shadow Mu ticketing system, they were now hated and scolded everywhere after being exposed by Li Mu. The reputation of Li Mu and Makino Image in the film and television industry continued to grow with the continuous fermentation of this incident.

Makino Image, which only produced one movie, had now become the most influential film and television company in the film and television industry of Hua Xia. With the support of the Shadow Mu ticketing system and the support of Hollywood, there was no doubt that the quality of Makino Image's movies would be greatly improved in the future with the support and help of Hollywood. At the same time, with YY and the Shadow Mu ticketing system to ensure the box office, Makino Image would basically be invincible in the future.

The whole Hollywood did not expect that when everyone swarmed to Hua Xia, they could not even see Li Mu. Spielberg had already reached an agreement with Li Mu, which made many companies disappointed. After all, they recognized the market space of the Shadow Mu ticketing system. If it fell into the hands of others, it would inevitably put others in a passive position in the future.

When Harvey heard that Spielberg had reached an agreement with Li Mu, he was so angry that his nose was crooked, but there was nothing he could do. It was obvious that Li Mu was not interested in him, so he had no chance of success from the beginning.

When Harvey returned to China, Spielberg and Anne Hathaway were still in Shenzhen. Although Christmas was approaching and Spielberg's new movie "Cat and Mouse" was about to be released in North America, Spielberg was unwilling to leave Hua Xia at this time. He was waiting for the lawyer in the United States to confirm the template of the contract with Li Mu's lawyer, and then he would personally sign the contract before leaving with the contract.

The reason why Spielberg wanted to sign the contract in person was that he was afraid of unexpected changes. Only when he got the contract could he be at ease.

…

At the same time, Lei Jianguo, who was in Yanjing, was preparing to launch a new round of promotional activities on Taobao's website during Christmas and New Year's Day, so as to increase the number of orders and turnover of Taobao's platform at the end of the year.

In Hangzhou, thousands of miles away, a group of people were also enthusiastically discussing Christmas and New Year's Day. This group of people were the core members of Le Tao's team. They were also discussing how to take the opportunity of these two festivals to further increase the overall size of Le Tao.

Le Tao's recent development was particularly smooth. After helping Le Tao sellers to reach in-depth cooperation with some fake goods manufacturers, they further lowered the purchase price of Le Tao sellers, so that a large number of goods could be reduced.

The main survival soil of fake goods was low price. The lower the price, the greater the market competitiveness. Therefore, the trading volume of Le Tao's platform had been soaring and developing rapidly.

Boss Ma was now preparing for a new round of financing. Many investors had come to Le Tao's team to do the relevant due diligence work. In Boss Ma's view, this financing was basically in the bag, and the valuation would definitely be more than a few hundred million yuan. If this financing was successful, it would be a great encouragement to the entire Le Tao team.

When Boss Ma saw so much news about Li Mu and Spielberg on the Internet, he was in a good mood. He specially organized a high-level meeting, ready to cheer everyone on.

When everyone sat down in the meeting room, he said excitedly, "Everyone must do your best for the Christmas and New Year's Day activities. For us, this is a good opportunity to further shorten the gap between us and Taobao."

No one understood why Boss Ma said that this was a good opportunity to shorten the gap with Taobao. After all, Taobao was developing too fast, and it was very difficult to keep up with its pace.

At this time, Boss Ma said with a smile, "Look at the recent news. Li Mu is busy establishing a partnership with Hollywood. In my opinion, he has no time or energy to care about Taobao. As one of the other two key characters of Taobao, Liu Xiaodong is also busy with Taobao's logistics. In this way, only Lei Jun is responsible for the operation of Taobao."

As he said this, Boss Ma paused slightly and said, "I believe that in the absence of Li Mu's leadership and operation, Taobao will soon enter the state of living off its previous capital. Isn't this a good opportunity for us to work hard to catch up?"

The others also paid attention to the recent news about Li Mu. His cooperation with Spielberg almost made the headlines of all the media. Thinking about it carefully, Boss Ma was right. Li Mu was a genius in operation. He often had some unimaginable operation strategies, and the results were surprisingly good. This was what Boss Ma had always been afraid of.

Li Mu's abnormal operation ability was like a powerful engine, driving Taobao forward at a rapid speed. It would even often develop by leaps and bounds. When Boss Ma was chasing Taobao, he was deeply aware of Li Mu's abnormal ability. If Li Mu had always been the driving force driving Taobao's development, then Le Tao would never have the chance to shorten the distance between Taobao and Taobao.

Now, Li Mu's energy was completely not on Taobao. The time for Boss Ma to work hard to catch up was finally here.

This time, Boss Ma put a lot of thought into Le Tao's promotion. He combined Li Mu's experience in operating many times, and at the same time, introduced many activities such as full discount, one dollar instant kill, random discount, and bargaining together.

Among them, random discount and bargaining together were all new promotion methods that Boss Ma thought of himself.

The general logic of random discount was: Every order that a user made during the promotion period would have a chance to get a random discount. The minimum was one dollar, and the highest was free.

The general logic of bargaining together was: If a user liked a certain product during the promotion period, they could use the "bargaining together" function to apply to the seller for a discount. The seller would give a more favorable price, but they had to gather a certain number of people to bargain together and buy together in order to enjoy the discount.

For example, a pair of fake Nike shoes sold for 99 yuan, the seller would give a "bargaining together" threshold of 89 yuan. As long as ten people "bargaining together," they would be able to enjoy the 89 yuan price. In addition, the seller might also set up multiple levels of bargaining. For example, ten people for 89 yuan, twenty people for 79 yuan, and so on.

In fact, it was just an operation plan for group discounts. However, this "bargaining together" method could give the user more initiative psychologically. At the same time, it could also encourage them to volunteer to promote the promotion. For example, if a user liked a certain product and needed a few people to successfully bargain, at this time, it was very likely that he would look for his family and friends to place an order together and enjoy the discount of a successful bargain.

For this promotion, Boss Ma had already invested close to ten million yuan in marketing funds in advance. However, in order not to leak the news, he had been biding his time and observing Taobao's actions.

When he found out that Li Mu didn't care about Taobao's operation at all, and when he found out that Taobao didn't show any signs of doing any promotional activities on Christmas and New Year's Day, he decided to accumulate all his publicity power. He didn't want to do a long and gentle publicity offensive, but to accumulate his strength. When Christmas was approaching, he would suddenly launch a wave of fierce promotion, using a short and fierce publicity offensive to quickly grab the attention of the people and catch Taobao off guard.

At the meeting, Lu Zhaoxi said excitedly, "Li Mu hasn't stayed in Yan Jing since he returned to China. Recently, his attention has never been on Taobao. Not only is he not on Taobao, I feel that he doesn't even care about Makino Technology anymore. Instead, he has put most of his energy into the entertainment industry and the film and television industry. Some time ago, the Mu Ying ticketing system caused a stir in the city, and now he has begun to get involved with Hollywood. It seems that Li Mu's recent development focus is on the film and television entertainment industry. It's a bit of putting the cart before the horse."

Boss Ma sneered, "Li Mu is so devoted to the entertainment industry. I can see that he is still very impetuous. He just wants to make his presence known in the film and television industry through the stars and celebrities in the industry. Every day, he is supported by a group of stars and famous directors like the moon surrounded by stars. He is simply not doing his job."

Speaking of this, Boss Ma said seriously, "The more Li Mu does not do his job, the more chances we have to catch up with Taobao!

This time, if we can achieve the level we expected, I believe that the turnover of our platform will soon rise to about 20% of Taobao's turnover. When our new round of financing is successful, we will increase our investment next year and continue to work hard. Soon, we will be able to face Taobao head-on and compete with each other! "

The whole meeting room was filled with joy. After being suppressed by Li Mu and Taobao for so long, they finally saw a glimmer of hope!