Chapter 1242

Li Mu had heard of the Ferrari Enzo. It was rumored that this car was very rare, and the threshold to buy it was very high. It was said that only people who owned several Ferraris were qualified to buy it. Li Mu didn't know whether the rumor was true, but it was certain that this car was very expensive.

Chen Ze didn't expect Cai Zhengmao to be so tactful. He wanted to give Li Mu an Enzo as soon as he opened his mouth. He really liked this car, but because of his grandfather's identity, he didn't even dare to buy an ordinary Ferrari, not to mention an Enzo. Even if the source of the money was completely clean and transparent. With his identity, he couldn't drive such an eye-catching car. Therefore, the sports cars in his hands were all low-key models like the GTR, which looked inconspicuous and few people knew about. However, the modification cost was much more expensive than buying a car, so his GTR could easily beat all the supercars in Yan Jing.

But fortunately, Li Mu's identity wouldn't be restricted by these invisible rules. With his current strength, even if Li Mu bought a private plane, no one would say no to him. If one had the ability to earn money, he was qualified to enjoy it. Spending money to buy comfort was a matter of course. Therefore, Chen Ze immediately followed Cai Zhengmao's words and said to Li Mu, "The Enzo is a good thing that can only be found by luck. Zhengmao is really bleeding. Li Mu, you don't have to worry about the car anymore. Let Zhengmao handle it."

Li Mu didn't comment on Chen Ze's words, but asked Cai Zhengmao with a little surprise, "Can I buy an Enzo casually?"

Cai Zhengmao waved his hand and said with a smile, "It's not easy to buy this car. If you want to buy a new car, you must meet the requirements of the Ferrari manufacturer. They require the owner to have at least three Ferrari models under his name, and there are a lot of other conditions. But fortunately, I have been selling cars for a long time, and I have used many cars myself, so I ordered a Ferrari."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "What's the price of this car?"

Cai Zhengmao said, "Brother Li, why are you being so polite with me?

You and Brother Chen did me a favor by letting me participate in the CSC project. As a brother, I should also express my gratitude. "

Li Mu didn't want to owe Cai Zhengmao a favor. After all, they weren't too familiar with each other. Even if the car was imported for more than ten million yuan, it wouldn't be a big deal to him. After cashing out last time, he still had a considerable amount of cash on hand. Moreover, "Miracle MU" had been the most profitable online game in the country for a long time. This income was also a stable and large cash flow.

Just as he was about to convince Cai Zhengmao to tell him the actual price of an Enzo, Chen Ze said, "Li Mu, I don't think you should stand on ceremony with Zhengmao's kind intentions. In the future, we will not only be partners, but also good brothers. If he wants to give you a car, just accept it."

Cai Zhengmao hurriedly added, "Yeah, Brother Li, it's just a car. It's nothing to you and me. It's rare that I have one, and you happen to like it, so don't stand on ceremony with me."

Even Chen Ze persuaded him to accept this "big gift". Li Mu thought for a moment and didn't reject it. He nodded slightly and said to Cai Zhengmao, "Zhengmao, thank you!"

"Brother Li, we're brothers. There's no need to thank me. Next week, after the car arrives at the port and clears customs, I'll get someone to send it to Yanjing. Do you have a license plate that you like?

Tell me, I'll settle it for you. "

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Zhengmao, you don't have to worry about the license plate. You send the car and I'll send the license plate."

…

"Old Chen, why do you want me to accept Cai Zhengmao's car?

The factory price of this car is estimated to be four or five million yuan. When it is imported into China, the customs duty, consumption tax, and value-added tax will be doubled. Other miscellaneous expenses will be included, and it will definitely be more than ten million yuan. This is a big favor. "

On the way back, Li Mu sat in Chen Ze's car and asked him this question curiously.

Chen Ze laughed and said seriously, "You, don't think about owing him a favor. You accepted his car, which is actually a favor to him."

Li Mu asked puzzledly, "Why do you say that?"

Chen Ze explained, "To Cai Zhengmao, I don't have much face in front of him. Among the people he interacts with, there are a few people who are similar to me. But you're different. Do you know how many people in the circle of rich playboys want to get to know you? Or, do you want to hitch a ride with you to make money?"

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders. "Of course, everyone wants to make money."

"That's why."

Chen Ze smiled faintly and said, "When Cai Zhengmao first joined this project, you weren't as abnormal as you are now. At that time, when he joined, he definitely thought that he was on equal footing with the two of us. But after such a long time, you've been developing too quickly, and it's starting to change his mind. He must feel that he's becoming more and more unequal with you in this project. Moreover, as your strength continues to increase, the project will also be pulled higher and higher by you. In this way, he's even more worried about his own prospects in this project. He must be afraid that one day, you'll feel that he's too useless and kick him out of this project."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I really don't mean that."

Chen Ze nodded. "That's why I suggest you accept this car. If you accept this car, you won't owe Cai Zhengmao any favor. Instead, it will give him peace of mind and let him work on this project steadily. If you don't accept it, he will definitely be worried all the time."

"I understand."

Li Mu suddenly understood and nodded. "Then I will accept it. Thousands of yuan is certainly not a big amount of money for Cai Zhengmao."

"That's right."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "He saw the prospects of you and CSC, so he wants to be tied to us for a long time. You accept this car, in fact, to calm his heart. It is a win-win situation."

As he said this, Chen Ze added, "Since your car can arrive next week, then we really should hurry up and push forward the relevant matters of the club. If you go to Shanghai tomorrow, then I will go to Fatty Wang tomorrow to talk about the venue. When you come back, we can talk about the position of the club, the terms, and the publicity. You are definitely better at these things than anyone else. Let's try to settle it as soon as possible, and then start to recruit the first batch of members in the circle."

Li Mu said, "I will roughly say a few simple principles first. First of all, there are two thresholds for our club. One is to have a sports car, and the other is to pay a certain amount of annual membership fee. Originally, I was inclined to do a membership ranking system, such as gold member, platinum member, diamond member, and so on. But then I thought about it, we might affect the enthusiasm of middle and low-end members to join the club by dividing them into grades. So I am going to start with the advanced members, set the entry standard higher, and then slowly lower it."

Chen Ze asked, "You mean we should first recruit high-end members like the diamond members?"

"Yes, in the beginning, we can set all the car models for members to be cars with a landing price of more than two to three million. First, we can gather the high-end players together, and let the second and third tier players feel that they have no fate with CSC. The more they feel that they have no fate with CSC, the more they will want to join. So, when we have recruited the first batch of members, the social influence has been brewing, and the expectations of the second and third tier players have been fermented, we can announce to the whole society that the threshold is appropriate. For example, the car price will be lowered from two to three million to one or two million, and bring in the second and third tier players."

"So much effort, in the end, don't we still have to do a membership ranking system?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Of course we have to do it, but doing it step by step and doing it right from the start will give the users a completely different feeling. The reason why Ferrari has been so popular these years is because it only introduces first-tier products for first-tier users, and its positioning is very high. But if Ferrari not only builds supercars from the start, but also makes cheaper C-class and B-class cars, what do you think the first-tier users will feel?

You have your eyes on a Ferrari supercar, but the owner of the restaurant in front of your house just spent one million to buy a Ferrari four-door, five-seater sedan. When he asks you to buy a Ferrari, you will hesitate in your heart, and you will consider whether you want to buy the same brand as the owner of the restaurant in front of your house. This is the disadvantage of doing a membership ranking system right from the start, and it will cause the rejection of high-end users. "

"But, if you have already bought a Ferrari supercar, and after a period of time, Ferrari introduces a four-door, five-seater sedan that costs one million, and you find that the owner of the restaurant in front of your house has also bought one, what can you do at that time?

Anyway, the car has already been bought. "

After listening, Chen Ze shook his head repeatedly. "You are really too cunning … But even if you do this, once you start to lower the threshold, those high-end members who are not interested in low-end members, and even have some rejection, will still feel uncomfortable. What should we do then?"

Li Mu said, "It doesn't matter. As long as they join us first, we will have the opportunity to instill this awareness in them, and let them understand that if such a club wants to become big and strong, it can't just be played by a small group of high-end users, which is not good for the club's development. Lowering the threshold appropriately is a good way to provide fresh blood and new strength for the club, and we definitely won't lower the threshold blindly. In the end, the threshold still needs to be set around the 'Super Sports Car Club.' For example, no matter how much we lower the threshold, the price of the entry-level model will not be lower than 1.5 million yuan. As long as we keep the bottom line, we will be able to answer to our members."

Chen Ze thought for a long time, and then said to himself, "It sounds very reasonable, but what about the membership fee?

What level are you going to set it at? "

Li Mu said, "The membership fee shouldn't be too high or too low. If it's too high, it will naturally keep more users out, and if it's too low, it will also reduce the entire club's profits and the service standards that the club can provide to the members. So, I roughly thought about it, and linked the membership fee to one of the car costs of the members, such as insurance."

"Insurance?"