Chapter 601

The nature of the Taobao Brand Day event was between B2C and C2C. It wasn't clear. If it was a B2C business, the source of supply was not purchased by Taobao, but rather, it was stored and shipped by partners. If it was a C2C business, Taobao, as an intermediary platform, had too much involvement in the entire transaction process. Li Mu was more inclined to call it a "pseudo B2C".

Although the nature of the business wasn't clear, Li Mu's emphasis on this business was very clear. The C2C business was still being developed, and there was no money to be made for the time being. The current source of income for Taobao was this "pseudo B2C" business. This was because every time this business sold, Taobao could get a commission from the platform. Faced with the continued investment in the C2C business and the subsequent development of the entire Taobao network, Li Mu urgently needed to make this business bigger and stronger. He didn't want Taobao to make a profit, but he wanted it to be self-sufficient.

Therefore, Li Mu put more thought into this business, as well as his bold and imaginative ideas. For example, the method Li Mu mentioned just now to share the EMS capacity, where Taobao completed its own point-to-point logistics, alleviating the local EMS capacity at the six major storage bases, and sharing the shipping pressure as much as possible.

Liu Xiaodong had never heard of this unique logistics model. Li Mu's idea was not to completely use a third-party logistics company, nor to completely rely on self-built logistics. Instead, it was a combination of the two. This was really unheard of.

After listening for a while, Liu Xiaodong said to Li Mu, "I think I understand what you mean. Let me think about it and see if I'm right."

Then, Liu Xiaodong cleared his throat and said, "Let's take our Shanghai warehouse base as an example. It itself covers several surrounding provinces. If we follow your method, on the day of the brand day, our warehouse base in Shanghai will directly replace the postal service to sort the packages. We will load the packages to Shanghai, Zhejiang, Southern Su, Gan, and Insignia provinces into one truck each. Then, we will only hand over the local packages to the Shanghai postal service's EMS for delivery. Then, we will use our own fleet to directly deliver the packages from the other provinces to the postal service's logistics bases in the various provincial capitals. For example, all the packages from Southern Su will be sent to the logistics base in Jinling, and then handed over to the local postal service's EMS system for subsequent transportation and delivery."

Li Mu nodded. "That's right!

In this way, the pressure of the storage center in Shanghai can be directly distributed to all the provinces it covers, instead of all the burden on itself. Our own fleet will not be affected by other factors, and we can achieve rapid delivery. It will save a lot of time compared to the postal service hauling all the goods back, sorting them, and then distributing them. After we deliver the goods, their branches in each province will directly do the provincial delivery. It will be much faster. "

"And for us, because we only do point-to-point transportation for the postal service, they still have to do it themselves. Our products are all electronic products and daily necessities, and there are no large items, so the transportation cost is very low. The additional cost is not high, but the effect on the timeliness is very big. Overall, it is very worth it. Although this operation still cannot help the sellers and buyers of the C2C business, at least it can ensure that our pseudo-B2C business can be carried out smoothly. This is the key to our cash flow."

Liu Xiaodong nodded repeatedly and gave a thumbs up. "I really admire you. This actually works. The investment you mentioned is actually nothing to us, because when we build our own logistics, we will have to build our own fleet. Building a fleet first can only be considered as an investment to enjoy first."

Li Mu said, "If we are familiar with this logistics model, even if our own logistics has not taken shape, our warehouse model can almost handle the peak of millions of orders per day. The logistics problem on the brand day can be solved. After the brand day, the average daily traffic will definitely drop to the normal value. By then, our logistics problem will be even easier. The problem of shipping one million Mango-MEs per month can also be easily solved."

…

It only took a day for the launch of the brand day, and the pre-orders had already exceeded one million. Among them, the 100,000 repeaters that Zinda had put up were all sold out. There was a very interesting statistic. Among the 100,000 repeaters, nearly half of them were parents of students on platform 3321. They were Alipay users, so it was very convenient for them to shop on Taobao.

There were still more than ten days left for the pre-sale cycle. If the first day was the peak, then the pre-sale volume should continue to decline in the next few days until the brand day when it would rise again. It was estimated that the final transaction would be at least five million orders. Liu Xiaodong immediately realized how important Li Mu's new logistics strategy was. If there were really tens of millions of orders on that day, it would not be enough to rely on the transportation capacity of EMS to be divided into six points. But if it was divided into twenty points, the problem would be much easier.

Not only did the pre-sale of Taobao Brand Day spread good news, but Mo Wenwei's album also achieved excellent sales figures after the launch of the pre-sale. Because of the three yuan down payment, and a large number of random autographed posters, many fans chose to pay three yuan down payment to pre-order. Even if the page indicated that it would take at least seven to ten days to get the goods, their enthusiasm did not diminish.

These days, "Fruit of Midsummer" continued to be popular.

Several music charts in China had rushed to the top three. The music program of CCTV 3 played the music video of this song at least twice a day, and so did other major TV stations. In this era, as long as it was a popular song, TV stations were very happy to play it.

The years from 2002 to 2005 were the most likely to produce popular songs or even bad songs. The reason was that the current entertainment and cultural life was not diverse enough. Therefore, whether it was ordinary people, radio stations, or TV stations, there was a strong convergence. When Yu Quan became popular, no matter which TV station they switched to, they would sing "Grim to the End." From the beginning to the end of the street, five out of ten shops were also playing this song. In taxis and buses, it was also the same song. It was easy to brainwash and cause an instant popularity.

In another year or two, "Mice Loves Rice," "Two Butterflies," and "The First Snow of 2002" would continue to play this convergence to the extreme. The influence of "Fruit of Midsummer" in the previous life was less than that of these songs. But in this life, under the influence of Li Mu, its popularity was almost equal to that of "Mice Loves Rice."

Mo Wenwei's album, named "Sentimental Momo," had a different kind of brilliance in the market environment of the overall decline of the recording industry. After selling 120,000 copies of the album in one day, 130,000 copies were pre-ordered on the first day of the presale, and the number was still increasing.

The original album, priced at 13 yuan, was about twice as expensive as a better cassette, but the essence and meaning of the product were very different. Not only was it collectible, but it also had the opportunity to get the autographed poster of the idol. For fans, how could it be good?

In 2002, there were very few opportunities for the public to get autographed posters. Even the pirated posters printed by pirates had to be sold for one yuan. Sometimes, students in a school could not get one autographed poster, so it was also very attractive to users.

Seeing that the sales were so gratifying, Liu Yidong called Rolling Stone again and made a new request, "When the new batch of albums comes out, can you let Mo Wenwei also sign some?

With the autographed poster as a gimmick, the sales can increase a lot. "

The record company almost regarded Taobao as their savior. Naturally, they agreed to this kind of request very readily. They didn't even discuss it with Mo Wenwei. They promised Liu Xiaodong that they would let Mo Wenwei sign the additional album according to the ratio of one for every thirty albums.

So Liu Yidong immediately changed the publicity content on the page. Not only would one person in every thirty have the opportunity to get an autographed poster, but also one person in every thirty would have the opportunity to get Mo Wenwei's autographed album.

The enthusiasm of the fans was a little higher.

When Mo Wenwei, who was far away in Hong Kong, learned that her album had sold 250,000 copies on Taobao in two days, she was so excited that she couldn't describe it.

250,000 in two days. This result was simply unimaginable for Mo Wenwei. Moreover, it was only the beginning of two days. The irreversible data of the sales would only get higher and higher in the future. Therefore, Mo Wenwei did not know how many copies of her album could be sold in the end. But she knew one thing. She was really popular in the mainland, and she was very popular.

Mo Wenwei's gratitude to Li Mu could not be expressed in a few words. She took the initiative to call Li Mu again to express her gratitude. It seemed that she had regarded Li Mu's help as a kindness. After a few polite words, Li Mu also took the opportunity to say that Du Wei had a Cantonese single that was going to be charted in Hong Kong. Mo Wenwei immediately understood and took the initiative to take over this matter. Li Mu thanked her and did not forget to remind her, "If it's convenient for Miss Mo, please help me talk to the senior management of Rolling Stone Records. I don't have any channels or resources in Hong Kong. I hope Rolling Stone can help me with the charting."

Li Mu had helped Rolling Stone so much. They were duty-bound to ask Rolling Stone to help them promote a song and a person in Hong Kong. Mo Wenwei and Zhang Guorong were, after all, individuals. If Rolling Stone could come forward to help them and mobilize all the channels and resources of the record company, it couldn't be better.

Mo Wenwei was also very smart. She had long known that Li Mu helped her so much for the sake of Du Wei. Because of Du Wei, Li Mu could treat her so well. For Du Wei herself, he must be willing to invest more energy and effort. This time, Du Wei's new song was charting in Hong Kong, which was also a great opportunity for Rolling Stone to perform. After taking such a big benefit from others, they naturally had to do more for others to be valued by others.