Chapter 373

Early the next morning, Li Mu drove his parents and grandparents back to Haizhou City. Papa Lee made an appointment for Li Mu's grandparents at the hospital to have a physical examination the next day. During this time, his grandparents could take good care of themselves in the city.

As soon as Li Mu's family of three arrived at their new home, Papa Lee received a call from his second aunt. She cried and said that Li Mu's second uncle had been beaten by the Qi family. Not only did the Qi family beat him, but they also chased him all the way to their home and blocked the door to ask for an explanation. His second uncle was now injured all over and was still lying at home. He couldn't even go to the health center.

Papa Lee was anxious when he received the call, but he didn't dare to let Li Mu's grandparents know. He pulled Li Mu and Li Ma aside and briefly explained the matter. He asked Li Ma and Li Mu to stay with their grandparents at home, and he drove back to deal with the matter.

Li Mu quickly stopped him and said, "Dad, what can you solve by yourself?

Don't let the Qi family beat you again. I'll go. "

Papa Lee asked him, "What can you solve by going there?"

Li Mu said, "At this time, I can't solve any problem by going there. I'll ask Song Liang for help."

Papa Lee hesitated for a moment and said, "It's not good to always ask Song Liang for help, is it?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Dad, don't worry about it. My relationship with Song Liang is better than you think."

Papa Lee didn't know the relationship between Li Mu and Song Liang, nor did he know the cooperation between the two at the capital level. There were only two reasons why Li Mu made friends with Song Liang, a local tyrant, and let him invest in Makino Technology at the beginning.

First, Song Liang was to his liking. Li Mu wanted to cooperate with him more and find an opportunity to penetrate the hot real estate market through him in the future.

Second, although Song Liang was not a gangster, he was very powerful in Haizhou. He could not be described as a local snake, but a local dragon. The biggest purpose of Li Mu's friendship with him was to ask him to help take care of his family and ensure that no one would provoke them in Haizhou. Now was the time to use him.

When Second Uncle was beaten by the Qi Family, it was enough to call Song Liang and ask him to find Zhang Wanjun. Zhang Wanjun was a top figure in Haizhou, and he alone could suppress the Qi Family to the point that they couldn't get up.

Li Mu immediately called Song Liang and told him about the matter. Song Liang immediately said, "Wait at home. I'll find someone to drive to your house, and then we can go together."

Li Mu thanked him and didn't forget to say, "Hurry up. It will take us an hour to get there."

Song Liang had been in the business world for so long that he could see many things very clearly. For example, the relationship between him and Li Mu. He could see that Li Mu's biggest demand for him was to let him keep his family safe in Haizhou. Li Mu's parents opened two such popular exclusive stores and used various powerful promotion methods to greatly affect the business of other families. If they didn't have a backer, their business would be frequently disturbed and harassed, and they might even be unable to continue. But the reason why no one dared to say nonsense to Li Mu's parents was because of Song Liang.

After the opening of the two stores, Song Liang advertised the building, sent flower baskets, and cut the ribbon. He had already sent a signal to the citizens of Haizhou that Papa Lee and Li Ma had a close relationship with him. They were people he respected very much. Whoever dared to go against them had to weigh the stakes first.

It was because he did a good job in this regard that Li Mu took the initiative to think of him when he was doing business in Yan Jing.

This was a kind of exchange of interests, but in a way, it was also an unusual friendship, a very deep friendship.

Song Liang immediately contacted Zhang Wanjun. When Li Mu had a conflict with Guo Yuhang, Song Liang had looked for Zhang Wanjun. The two also had a deep relationship of interests. Zhang Wanjun had been working with Song Liang for two years and basically followed Song Liang's orders. So as soon as Song Liang called, he immediately gathered his men and drove to the address Song Liang mentioned.

Haizhou was very small. In 20 minutes, Song Liang took several of his left and right hands and Zhang Wanjun took a group of his confidants. They took eight cars to the gate of the community where Li Mu's new home was located.

Papa Lee insisted on going with Li Mu, and Li Mu had no objection. He left his mother at home to take care of his grandparents. Li Mu and his father drove his Passat out of the community and met Song Liang. Eight cars followed Li Mu's Passat and drove to Li Mu's hometown in a mighty manner.

At this moment, at the door of Li Mu's second uncle's house, more than a dozen members of the Qi family were blocking the yard and shouting angrily.

At the dinner table last night, the Li family reached a consensus to cancel the engagement and let Li Fen go to school. This morning, Li Mu's second uncle did not go directly to the wholesale department as usual. Instead, he brought some cigarettes and wine from the bungalow used as a warehouse at home and personally went to the Qi family with Li Mu's second aunt to apologize. When the Qi family heard that Li Mu's second uncle came to cancel the engagement, they immediately became angry out of shame. They were well-known figures in the town. The marriage between Li Fen and Qi Dayong had been decided. They had also informed their relatives and friends and were waiting to marry Li Fen. They did not expect that the Li family would come to cancel the engagement on the festive day of the New Year.

For the Qi family, this was simply a slap in the face.

Li Mu's second uncle's attitude was very sincere. He returned the gift money, gave gifts, said good words, apologized, and promised to compensate the Qi family for the money they had spent on the marriage. However, the Qi family still did not calm down. Qi Dayong's father, Qi Decheng, pointed at Li Mu's second uncle angrily and scolded him for not knowing how to appreciate favors. He said that it was his son's family who liked his daughter, and now he came to cancel the engagement. Did he really think that there was no one in the Qi family who could be bullied like this?

Qi Decheng also said, "You take the things and the money and get out of here. After the New Year, according to the agreed date, our daughter will marry here, and we will not argue with you about this matter. Otherwise, our two families will become enemies, and our Qi family will definitely not let you live well."

Li Mu's second uncle apologized again, but his attitude was also very clear. If his daughter refused to marry, he would be the one who let the Qi family down. Therefore, if the Qi family had any request, he could just tell them. As long as it was reasonable, he would agree.

However, the Qi family did not care about this. Seeing that Li Mu's second uncle's attitude was firm, the Qi family was also very angry. Qi Dayong's youngest uncle, Qi Delin, thought that he came to the Qi family to slap the Qi family's face during the New Year, so he directly took action. Several men of the Qi family beat up Li Mu's second uncle. Li Mu's second uncle's injury was not serious, so he ran home with his wife. However, he did not expect that more than ten people of the Qi family directly came to the Qi family's door and demanded that Li Mu's second uncle must marry Li Fen on the previously agreed date.

This kind of thing was too normal in the countryside. Li Mu's second uncle disagreed, so the arrogant Qi family beat him again in the courtyard of his second uncle's house. This time, several young and strong men of the Qi family beat up Li Mu's second uncle a little bit. This time, the Qi family beat up Li Mu's second uncle a little bit. This time, the Qi family's second aunt and Li Mu's younger brother and sister were a little bit injured, because they tried to stop the Qi family.

Li Mu's second aunt called the police, but after knowing that it was the Qi family's matter, the police station in the town did not send any police officers. The police system in 2002 was not perfect enough, and the supervision and control was not strong enough. This kind of thing was too common in the countryside.

In the end, there was really no other way, so Li Mu's second aunt called Papa Lee for help.

Li Mu's car drove much faster than usual, and Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun's motorcade also followed quickly. The journey, which should have taken more than an hour, took less than 50 minutes.

The motorcade drove into the village. When it was about to reach Li Mu's second uncle's house, the car stopped moving, because many people in the village came out to see what was going on. The dirt road near Li Mu's second uncle's house, which was not wide to begin with, was blocked.

Li Mu simply parked the car on the side of the road and got out. The 20 people brought by Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun also got out of the car and followed Li Mu all the way to Li Mu's second uncle's house.

When Li Mu led the people into the yard, several men of the Qi family were wantonly smashing the yard. There was not a single piece of good glass in the window. The chicken coop in the yard had been demolished, and seven or eight hens that laid eggs had all fallen, kicked, or smashed to death. The big yellow dog that guarded the door was also lying on the ground with blood all over its body, dying. Li Fen and Li Bin blocked the door of their family's central room and refused to let the group of people in. Qi Delin threatened, "Li, if you don't come out and give us a satisfactory explanation, I will burn your house down and make your family have a hard time this year!"

When Li Mu, who had just come in, heard this, he immediately became furious and shouted, "What are you doing?!"

When the Qi family turned their heads, they found that more than 20 people had come in majestically and suddenly surrounded them in the middle of the yard.

The eldest brother of the Qi family, Qi Decheng, frowned and looked at Li Mu, asking him, "What are you doing?

What does this have to do with you? "

Li Mu said, "These people ran to my second uncle's house and hurt people, and you still ask me?

If you don't give me an explanation today, none of you can leave this door. "

Qi Decheng looked at this group of aggressive people and felt a little uncertain in his heart for a moment. He didn't know where they came from, but after thinking about it carefully, the Li family shouldn't be too capable. It was just a wholesale department. It was true that they had made some money, but compared to his own family, it was far inferior. What was the use of having more people?

If they wanted to fight for this kind of thing, they had to fight with their family background.

Therefore, Qi Decheng said arrogantly, "Don't you ask around? In the whole town, we have never been afraid of anyone with the surname Qi."

At this time, Zhang Wanjun walked in front of Qi Decheng and asked him expressionlessly, "Which crotch did you crawl out of?"

Qi Decheng was used to being arrogant in town, so he didn't pay any attention to the unfamiliar face of Zhang Wanjun. Suddenly, Zhang Wanjun came out of nowhere and said such disrespectful words to him. This made Qi Decheng immediately fly into a rage out of humiliation. He immediately roared from the depths of his throat, "Motherf * cker, do you want to f * cking die?

Do you believe that I won't … "

Zhang Wanjun narrowed his eyes and raised his hand to slap Qi Decheng. With a slap, Qi Decheng was dizzy and fell on his butt.

Zhang Wanjun snorted and said with a face full of disdain, "Son of a b * tch, you really talk a lot of nonsense!"

Qi Delin was immediately furious when he saw someone hit his brother. He was a well-known hooligan in town, and his status in town was almost close to Zhang Wanjun's status in Haizhou. Therefore, when he saw his brother being slapped, he immediately picked up a hoe from the ground and swung it at Zhang Wanjun's head. At this time, one of Zhang Wanjun's men suddenly took out a five-shot gun with a sawed-off barrel from his coat. Before Qi Delin could hit Zhang Wanjun with the hoe, he directly pressed the muzzle of the gun against Qi Delin's head.

Qi Delin was stunned, the Qi family was stunned, and the Li family was also stunned. Even Li Mu was stunned. He didn't expect Zhang Wanjun's men to come with guns.

Looking carefully at the fierce-looking guy who looked like Sun Honglei from "Conquer", Li Mu felt that he was a little familiar. After a moment, he remembered that his name was Lu Yong, Zhang Wanjun's most ferocious general. Back then, Guo Yuhang asked Zou Hua to stop him at the driving school. He was the one who scared Zou Hua's underlings into running away.