Chapter 871

Ding Zhenglin was a veteran in the field of capital. Naturally, he realized that the valuation of Makino Technology had to be recalculated under the stimulation of such good news last night.

In fact, the valuation of a company was not rigorous at all, especially in a new industry like the Internet. The valuation of a company was often on a roller coaster, just like the appearance fee of a star.

If an enterprise was compared to a star, under normal circumstances, the salary of a movie was one million yuan. Then, if the star appeared on the Spring Festival Gala once, or if he was lucky enough to get a supporting role in a Hollywood blockbuster, then his value might skyrocket by more than ten times overnight.

On the contrary, if a star was paid ten million but was suddenly exposed to a huge scandal, his appearance fee might fall to one million, and no one would dare to ask him to act. It was like the stock price during the stock crash.

If one stood on the wind, any Internet company that had been established for less than a year could successfully raise funds with a valuation of more than a hundred million. If the wind stopped, such a company would fall to pieces in an instant.

Li Mu was now standing on a strong wind. This wind was blown by the favorable policies of the country. This strong help had an extremely huge impact on the valuation of the company.

Ding Zhenglin asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what do you think the screening criteria should be for a new offer?"

Last time, Li Mu set the starting price at ten billion yuan. If the offer was higher than this price, everyone would have a chance to continue the discussion. If the offer was lower than this price, there would be no discussion.

This time, Li Mu thought for a while and said to Ding Zhenglin, "The overall coefficient of sincerity is 1.5 times. This time, we will directly use the separated Makino Technology to negotiate with the capital. We will take out the Tieba business line, the game business line, and the Makino Image. After all of them are separated at the capital level, we will use our YY closed loop to negotiate with them."

Ding Zhenglin said, "Li Zong, the benefits of the government promoting the development of the industry can at least increase the financing of Internet companies in the country by 20% or more. We are the leading domestic Internet company, and we will benefit the most from the whole favorable policy. Coupled with our strong relationship with the government, the premium will naturally be higher. I think we can directly double the valuation when we talk about it."

Li Mu came from a technical background and did not have a good grasp of the capital market. He felt that 1.5 times was already very arrogant. He did not dare to imagine that the company's valuation could double overnight.

Ding Zhenglin was aware of Li Mu's lack of confidence, so he smiled and said, "Mr. Li, I'm sure you haven't personally experienced the era of the Internet bubble. Let me tell you this, before last night, China's Internet industry as a whole was slightly cautious, depressed, and in a cold state. Only Muye Technology and Taobao were growing rapidly. But after last night, China's Internet industry immediately entered a state of gradual warming. The government's policies changed, and the capital also moved. Now they want to take the opportunity to invest in as many companies as they can. Otherwise, when the favorable policies gradually come into effect, the industry will overheat, and the bubble will blow up, and the valuation will rise even more."

Hearing that, Li Mu nodded.

What Ding Zhenglin said also made sense. Sometimes, it was not enough to produce, but also to price. A leading company like Makino Technology had almost no competitors of the same level in the Hua Xia market. Therefore, there were not many rigid standards for reference in terms of valuation. On the negotiation table, it was all about each party's grasp and control of their opponents. The buyer wanted to shout out the other party's bottom line and bite it firmly, while the seller wanted to shout out the other party's top line and bite it firmly.

The difference between the seller's bottom line and the buyer's top line could be several times or even dozens of times. Because of this, there were all kinds of commercial spies. If one knew the other party's trump card in advance, it would definitely be successful in every negotiation.

Therefore, Li Mu couldn't be sure how much the Makino Technology could be valued in the end, so he decided to entrust it to the professionals and let Ding Zhenglin fight for it as much as possible.

…

Today was Lei Jianguo's first day of reporting. As the future third person of Taobao Network, second only to Liu Shixiong, Li Mu attached great importance to him, and so did Liu Shixiong.

Originally, Liu Shixiong wanted to rush back today and invite Lei Jianguo to dinner and drink some wine with Li Mu to officially welcome him into the Taobao team. However, because Li Mu showed off in front of the people of the country last night, Liu Shixiong received calls from the secretaries of many provincial capitals in the country early in the morning when he was about to go to the airport.

On the phone, they all sent sincere invitations to Liu Shixiong, hoping that Liu Shixiong could come to the local area for inspection. They were willing to give the most preferential policies in exchange for Taobao Logistics to invest in the local logistics base.

Last night's CCTV report made the local government smell a strong political achievement from Li Mu. If Li Mu's company could be settled in the local area, it would definitely be a great achievement in his future career!

If Li Mu continued to rise in the future, the strength of his company would become stronger and more famous, and the promotion effect it would bring to them would be even more immeasurable.

Therefore, the local government offices were studying Li Mu's industrial map last night. They were studying which industries Li Mu had that could be introduced to the local area. It seemed that besides Taobao Logistics, there was no other choice.

Although Taobao Logistics was not a high-tech company, it could be seen from the name that this logistics company was closely linked to Taobao. In the future, it would definitely support the entire Taobao online logistics. Therefore, although it was not an Internet company, it had a strong connection with the Internet. Wasn't introducing and supporting Taobao Logistics indirectly supporting the development of the Internet in Hua Xia?

An official career itself was about the implementation of policies. Since the country's overall strategy was to promote the high-speed development of the Internet, the local government would definitely find a way to actively promote it within their jurisdiction. At present, except for the four first-tier cities, the other cities did not have talent or environment. It was extremely difficult to promote the development of the Internet industry. Therefore, the most suitable way was to introduce Taobao Logistics.

Liu Shixiong told Li Mu that not only the provincial capitals, but even the Shanghai municipal government, which he had just talked to, had contacted him immediately this morning. They took the initiative to make concessions on the basis of the original agreement and give greater policy support to Taobao Logistics.

In Liu Shixiong's original words, "That land was simply given to them for free. The company's tax exemption starts from three years, and some directly asked for ten years. It made me feel embarrassed. Some even said that as long as we go, they can help solve the local interest-free loans.

Li Mu, why do I feel that after you boasted on TV, we suddenly have an inexhaustible supply of government resources? I feel like the whole world has brightened up a lot … "

Li Mu never thought that showing off yesterday would bring so many benefits. Even the local governments of the provincial capitals had expressed their goodwill to Taobao Logistics. But thinking about it carefully, he had been carrying the policy of "Internet into the home" behind him yesterday. This was really a world of difference from the past. Especially the highly sensitive official circles, they must pay more attention to this than anyone else.

Moreover, for the local governments, granting land, tax exemption, and providing interest-free loans were not a big deal. Currently, all the local governments had such resources. For them, giving Taobao Logistics this little convenience was not a substantial investment or loss. For these local governments, why not?

However, Li Mu smacked his lips when he heard this. In the long run, building six logistics distribution bases in the country was far from enough. Once the overall volume of online shopping increased, in the future, every province would at least need to choose a city with convenient transportation to build a logistics distribution base. The reason why they chose to build six bases first was that they did not have enough money on hand.

However, according to what Liu Shixiong said, so many cities were willing to give huge preferential policies to attract Taobao Logistics to enter, then why not get the land first, invest less money, and slowly build the bases?

If he could get a certain amount of interest-free loans from the local government, then it would be even better. He could first build six large logistics distribution bases, then slowly build about ten secondary logistics distribution bases. In this way, in one to two years, his own Taobao Logistics would have a dozen to twenty logistics distribution bases in the country. That would be heaven-defying.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Liu Shixiong, "Senior Brother, don't go back to Yanjing for this period of time. Work hard and go to all the cities like this first. Get through all the key issues, key points, and key people. After you get the biggest preferential policies, you come back and we will choose ten to fifteen people and slowly build the bases. After talking about this, we will settle the resources of the airline company with Lin Lin's relatives. At that time, our Taobao Logistics will have a limitless future!"

Liu Shixiong said excitedly, "Don't worry, I will definitely run all the places smoothly. However, I can't help you with the promotion of daily necessities. You should spend more time on Taobao."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't worry. Isn't there a marketing expert here?

Once Boss Lei is hired, let him join in directly. "

In Li Mu's eyes, Lei Jianguo was one of the rare top marketing experts in Hua Xia's internet industry. Such a person would be much more useful in Taobao than in Jinshan.

The same phone, the same appearance, the same packaging, the same price, others might only be able to sell ten thousand units, but Lei Jianguo might be able to sell ten million units. This was the importance of marketing to a company or a product. Although he didn't have a phone for him to sell now, there were so many products on Taobao for him to sell. It would definitely give him a bigger and better stage to display his strengths.

As for Lei Jianguo's marketing ability, there was a person who was suitable to be compared to him in his previous life. That person was Old Luo.