Chapter 749

Li Mu did not want to ask for too much and ask for 40%. However, Wu Haijun actually wanted to steal from him. He got excited and decided to go to the top of the mountain. If he managed to scare him, he might really agree.

Liu Shixiong's attempt to scare him made Wu Haijun very worried. He had no choice. He was just a start-up manufacturer, and his products were the basic hardware necessary for the Internet industry. In the Internet industry, Li Mu was invincible. If he did not cooperate with him, others would definitely cooperate with him. However, his industry was too fragile. If he did not get on Li Mu's car, he was afraid that he would be the first one to be dragged to death by Li Mu's car.

Wu Haijun thought about it and told Li Mu that he needed to discuss with the shareholders. He might not be able to give him an answer immediately.

Li Mu did not mind. He nodded and said, "CEO Wu, feel free to discuss it. However, I hope to have a clear answer by noon tomorrow."

"Noon tomorrow?"

Wu Haijun felt a little dizzy. He had to go back and have a meeting with the shareholders personally. Then, everyone would be scratching their heads for a day or two. Then, they would calculate the potential of the industry, the influence of Makino Technology and Taobao, and how much Shenzhou could benefit from it. They would only make a final decision after all this was done, right?

"Yes, we must have a result by noon tomorrow!"

Li Mu did not have that much patience. He was kind enough to bring you along, and you still need to consider?

Since you want to consider, I, as an unscrupulous driver, have a temper too. At most, I'll just give up for a while. I can't let you interfere with my plans.

Li Mu knew that Central TV would not be able to drag it on for long. If he wanted to enjoy this bonus, he had to negotiate and sign a contract with a manufacturer within a week. Other than Shenzhou, it was basically impossible for other established PC companies to make such a big move in a week. If it took more than a week, then Li Mu would rather give this huge bonus to all the PC manufacturers than miss this great opportunity to promote the development of the Internet. He was very clear about which was more important.

Seeing Li Mu's determined expression, Wu Haijun could only nod his head and bite the bullet. "Then I'll ask the shareholders to come to Beijing for a discussion. I'll let you know as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded slightly, and Wu Haijun was about to leave with his assistant. Li Mu and Liu Shixiong walked him to the door and were about to say goodbye when Li Mu suddenly said, "By the way, CEO Wu, there's one more thing I need to make clear."

Wu Haijun hurriedly said, "Please speak."

Li Mu said, "If you are willing to cooperate with us, there is one thing that must be made clear. In order to ensure that the reputation of Makino Technology and Taobao will not be affected, Shenzhou must regulate all of its actions in the future. It must be clean both internally and externally. It must not do anything against the rules or laws. Otherwise, once it is verified, we have the right to demand an unconditional return of the shares."

Wu Haijun looked at Li Mu with a guilty conscience and nodded repeatedly. "Don't worry, we have always carried out very strict regulations on all levels of the enterprise."

Li Mu nodded. "That's for the best."

"In that case, Li Zong, CEO Liu, we will leave first. See you tomorrow."

"See you tomorrow …"

As soon as Wu Haijun left, Liu Shixiong pulled Li Mu to the sofa and sat down. He asked him, "What are your plans for Central TV?

When will you accept the interview? "

Li Mu said, "Help me stabilize it. Just say that I have been too busy recently. Ask them to wait for the specific interview. When I have arranged the time, I will contact them."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and reminded him, "I heard from Xiao Jing that the higher-ups are very interested in Taobao. They might send a leader over to inspect the work in the next few days. At the same time, they will also hold a private discussion with us."

Li Mu knew that Liu Shixiong's girlfriend worked in a ministry, so he must be well-informed. He could not help but ask him, "Have you decided on which ministry's leader?"

Liu Shixiong shook his head and said, "For the time being, it has not been decided, but it is most likely to be the head of the Economic and Trade Commission. Even if he comes, it may be a direct order from the higher-ups."

Li Mu felt a little dizzy. The head of the Economic and Trade Commission of Hua Xia was already very amazing. If he was ordered by the higher-ups, then wouldn't the "higher-ups" go to the core of Hua Xia?

Seeing Li Mu's surprised face, Liu Shixiong could not help but remind him, "Don't forget, one of the big bosses has a financial background. It is said that he is very interested in the new model of e-commerce."

Speaking of this, Li Mu understood in his heart.

In addition to being deeply shocked, Li Mu also could not help but ask him, "Have you heard the purpose of the inspection, leader?"

Liu Shixiong smiled slightly and said, "Don't be so nervous. In addition to the normal inspection, the purpose of this meeting is to let us put forward our needs. The strength that Taobao has shown shocked the whole country. In the eyes of many people, we have become the key point to stimulate domestic demand and promote the rise of the economy. In my opinion, this is a good opportunity to cry for milk."

Li Mu slapped his thigh and said, "Yes!

How can I be confused? This is definitely a good thing and not a bad thing! "

Liu Shixiong raised his eyebrows and smiled. He said with a deep meaning, "As for the purchase of cars, I still hope that you can talk about a preferential policy!

In the future, the development of logistics also needs more care and support from the leader. You know what I mean. "

Li Mu looked at him and smiled. He immediately knew that Liu Shixiong was thinking the same thing as him.

"It's not just about logistics."

Li Mu said expectantly, "I also hope that the government can promote the basic development of the Internet. I have an idea. Can you give me some advice?"

"Go ahead."

"I'm asking the government to give a positive policy. For example, this year, there will be a subsidy target for the purchase of ten million home computers. Whether it is in the city or the countryside, consumers can buy a computer with their household register and get a government subsidy of hundreds of yuan. This way, the sales of PCs will probably explode. However, I am not sure if the government will agree. If they agree, how much subsidy will they give?"

Senior Brother Liu was stunned. He thought about it carefully and couldn't help but say excitedly, "You're really something!

I think this is very reliable!

The government's current economic situation is to stimulate domestic demand. Our Taobao website has always been stimulating domestic demand. If the government is willing to subsidize the sales of PCs, with a subsidy of three to five hundred yuan per unit, ten million computers can at least create tens of billions of GDP. Moreover, the government doesn't need to really subsidize with money. As long as there is an appropriate preferential policy in terms of corporate tax, the subsidy will come out! "

Li Mu said, "That's what I mean. If we lower the threshold for PCs to enter ordinary households in the form of subsidies, coupled with my example, I believe that it will definitely bring a huge boost to the entry of PCs into households. I'm afraid that ten million units will not be a problem at all."

Liu Shixiong nodded and said, "Prepare the wording well. If the leader inspects, we will make this request at the meeting. I believe that the government will definitely not reject this win-win proposal.

As he said that, Liu Shixiong could not hold back his excitement and said, "This way, the Internet industry will usher in a stage of rapid development!

At that time, you will be the biggest promoter of the Internet industry in Hua Xia. With your own strength, you will accelerate the development of the Internet in Hua Xia by at least two to three years!

You will definitely be the godfather of the industry! "

Li Mu smiled humbly and sighed slightly. "If we can really achieve this goal, the development of the Internet in Hua Xia will probably undergo earth-shaking changes."

Liu Shixiong asked, "What if Wu Haijun rejects you tomorrow?

In such a short period of time, can we find a manufacturer who is willing to accept a small amount of cash and a large proportion of resources from us? "

Li Mu smiled and said with a face full of longing, "That's not important anymore. If Wu Haijun doesn't agree, I won't waste time with him. I will give this bonus to the entire industry."

…

The influence of Taobao website continued to grow.

Not only was the whole society paying attention to Taobao, as the legal representative of Taobao, Liu Shixiong's name immediately began to appear in the newspapers. However, all the major media still maintained a unified style of doing things: not mentioning Li Mu.

Avoiding Li Mu, Taobao actually did not have any topics that were worth digging in depth. Those that could be reported had already been reported long before noon. Everyone was holding back, hoping to find a new news point.

Liu Shixiong's assistant would come in every few days to report which media reporters had come again and were now recording at the door. After a while, he would ask if the media reporters wanted to enter the company to film some material and do some interviews with the employees.

Based on the principle of building a good relationship with the media, Liu Shixiong said to his assistant, "Talk to the human resources and finance departments. Our friends can interview, but they can't come in a swarm. They have to be distributed reasonably and come in in batches. In addition, ask the finance department to quickly prepare a batch of red envelopes. Each reporter will be given 500 yuan for the transportation fee, including the filming fee. Everyone will be treated equally."

It was the industry rule for enterprises to pay for the transportation fee to the reporters. Even if it was a completely positive enterprise, they still hoped that the reporters' writing skills or mouths in front of the camera could add some glory to their enterprise. Therefore, they were willing to give this little bit of money. Reporters also needed some extra income, so this little bit of hard work was usually accepted. However, in the current market, most of the transportation fees were 200 to 300 yuan, which was a lot in the consumption level of 2002.

The assistant hurriedly nodded and turned to leave. Li Mu stopped him and said, "Two things. First, increase the transportation fee to 1,000 yuan per person."

The assistant immediately nodded and said, "Okay, Li Zong, what else can I do for you?"

Li Mu smacked his lips and looked at Liu Shixiong. He said, "Senior, this time, on our brand day, several of Boss Ma's logistics companies have all stopped receiving mail, so we can only rely on the help of the big brother post office at the same time. This is not a good way to do things. To put it in a small way, they are deliberately hindering the Taobao network. To put it in a big way, they are hindering the national economy!

Fortunately, this is an era of peace, and we are not arms suppliers. Otherwise, we have a large number of weapons and ammunition waiting to support the country in the war, and they are deliberately holding back the transportation capacity in their hands. What difference is there between them and traitors? "

Liu Shixiong was stunned for a second, then he slapped his thigh and laughed. "This big hat you put on me is really … Really put on my heart!

I know what to do! "

After that, he said to his assistant, "The second thing, after the reporters finish the interview, don't be in a hurry to give them the red envelopes. Invite them to the big conference room and tell them that I want to thank them in person. I can also accept a brief interview."