Chapter 206

Hu Zhengdao stayed in the northeast for two days.

On Wednesday night, he accompanied Wang Yanan in the ward for the whole night. Wang Yanan's mother was originally most worried that her daughter would fall in love at a young age, but today, she was extremely satisfied with her daughter's boyfriend. This was because this young man valued relationships, and this alone was enough. Her daughter might not live a very rich life with him, but she would definitely not be sad.

Wang Yanan and Hu Zhengdao both persuaded her to go to Yanjing for treatment. At first, she refused no matter what. She didn't want to be a burden to her young daughter, and she felt that it would be better to die. However, Wang Yanan and Hu Zhengdao both forced her to agree no matter what. In the end, they simply said that if she didn't go to Yanjing, they would stay here and not leave.

Wang Yanan's mother saw that the two children were so determined, and she immediately compromised. She didn't dare to joke about the future of the two children. Among the two of them, one was at Yanjing University, and the other was at the National People's Congress. They were absolute geniuses. Even if the current conditions were a little difficult, their future would definitely be limitless. If they were not even willing to go to school because of her, then their future would be completely ruined.

As a mother, how could she watch her daughter's bright future be ruined because of her?

She agreed to go to Yanjing, but she also had her own calculations in her heart. At present, there was still some money left from the medical expenses that her younger brother and sister had raised for her. Although she was laid off, there was still 200 yuan a month as a layoff allowance. This amount of money was enough for her to go to Yanjing with her children. When she arrived in Yanjing, she definitely couldn't stay in the hospital bed and let the two children who were still in school worry about her medical expenses in the future. Moreover, her illness was a bottomless pit that could not be filled. It was better to wait for an opportunity, while the two children were not around, to find a secluded place to find a happy ending.

Although she had her own plans, on the third night, Wang Yanan's mother still sat in the ambulance booked by Hu Zhengdao. The car drove for about 12 hours, and finally arrived in Yanjing on Saturday morning.

The 3321 student aid team led by Hu Zhengdao and Dong Ai would fly to northern Shaanxi tomorrow morning. Finally, Hu Zhengdao didn't miss the opportunity to go to his alma mater.

On Saturday morning, the ambulance drove directly to Yanjing No.3 Hospital. Li Mu was waiting in the hospital half an hour in advance. As soon as the ambulance arrived, Hu Zhengdao immediately got off with Wang Yanan. Wang Yanan's mother's condition had stabilized, and there was no need for emergency treatment. They just needed to go to the hospital first.

Li Mu was waiting in the reception hall. The two came in travel-worn. Both rushed. When they saw Li Mu, Wang Mu and Hu Zhengdao's shoulders, and said, "Mu Ge, thank you, Mu Mu, thank you."

Wang Yanan also said to Li Mu with red eyes, "Li Mu, thank you for your help, otherwise …"

Li Mu stretched out his hand to interrupt her. He took out a bank card and handed it to Hu Zhengdao, saying, "The password is 606606. It's our dormitory number. There's 100,000 yuan in it. You two can use it as you see fit."

Hu Zhengdao nodded gratefully. The words of gratitude were stuck in his throat, but he couldn't say them. Wang Yanan, who was beside him, was so shocked that she couldn't speak. Although Hu Zhengdao said that Li Mu would lend him some money, she didn't expect that Li Mu would give him the money so quickly and so easily. Less than ten minutes after they brought her mother to Yanjing, Li Mu sent 100,000 yuan over.

Wang Yanan's eyes turned red, and she almost cried. She choked with sobs and wanted to say some words of gratitude to Li Mu, but Li Mu said at this time, "By the way, hurry up and go to the hospital first. Also, you have to register and queue up for Auntie to find a kidney donor as soon as possible. This kind of thing can't be done as soon as possible."

Wang Yanan bit her lip and said, "The cost of a kidney transplant is really too expensive …"

Li Mu said, "In the face of a human life, money is nothing. Let's register and queue up first. I've asked the doctor to understand that dialysis is not a long-term solution. The only solution is a kidney transplant."

Wang Yanan looked at Hu Zhengdao with uncertainty. Hu Zhengdao clenched his teeth and said, "Queue up!

No matter what, queue up first! "

As he spoke, Hu Zhengdao began to go through the procedures for Wang Yanan's mother to be hospitalized. Li Mu stood by the side and waited until Hu Zhengdao finished all the procedures. The hospital staff informed the doctors and nurses of the Nephrology Department to receive the patient. Then, a doctor and a few nurses rushed over with a stretcher. Hu Zhengdao hurriedly led them to carry Wang Yanan's mother out of the ambulance and sent her to the Nephrology Department's ward.

Li Mu ran to the door and bought a bouquet of flowers. He brought it to the ward and greeted Wang Yanan's mother. The latter had just taken a long journey and looked a little tired. Most importantly, there were bruises on her face. She looked a little unnatural in front of strangers.

Li Mu called Hu Zhengdao and Wang Yanan to the door. He first said to Hu Zhengdao, "Don't stay in the hospital for too long today. Go back and pack your luggage tonight. You still have to catch a flight tomorrow."

Hu Zhengdao nodded and said, "Don't worry, I won't delay the financial aid."

Li Mu then said to Wang Yanan, "Yanan, other than me, the other five in our dorm are going to Shanbei tomorrow and will only be back on Monday. You'd better tell Ziqiu and the others about Auntie. After all, you guys are roommates. They will be able to help you at times like this."

Wang Yanan hesitated for a moment but still nodded gently. Hu Zhengdao had important matters to attend to. Going to his hometown to study was his recent dream, so she definitely couldn't stop him. However, leaving her alone to take care of her mother was indeed a little difficult. If she told the truth to her roommates, they might be able to spare some time to help her take care of her mother.

Li Mu then said, "Our two dorms have formed a friendship dorm ever since we registered for military training. After all, after such a long time, everyone has become good friends with each other. The twelve of us in our dorm have become three pairs. It can be said that we've become closer several times. So at times like this, don't treat the people on both sides as outsiders. Starting next week, everyone will help you when they have time."

Wang Yanan nodded gently. Two streams of tears flowed out of her red eyes. Li Mu comforted her and said, "You should inform the girls in your dorm. As for my dorm, let the righteous do it."

That night, the people in Room 606 and the five girls in the women's dorm of Beijing University all knew the whole story. Everyone discussed it and bought some flowers and tonics to send to the hospital. They also took turns to comfort Wang Yanan. With so many friends and classmates by her side, Wang Yanan finally felt a little relieved. No matter what, everyone was there, and this was a great psychological comfort.

Hu Zhengdao swiped 20,000 yuan from the 100,000 yuan that Li Mu gave him and transferred it to Wang Yanan's mother's account at the hospital. He withdrew 2,000 yuan in cash and gave it to Wang Yanan. Then, he also gave her his card. This time, he was not going to study for a long time. It was only two days. However, at this juncture, two days was already a long time. Hu Zhengdao carefully told Wang Yanan not to worry too much and not to overwork herself. He would be back in two days.

In the evening, Li Mu took care of everyone for a meal. When they arrived at the restaurant, everyone went into the private room. Hu Zhengdao pulled Li Mu back and stuffed a folded piece of paper into Li Mu's pocket at the door.

Li Mu opened it and saw two big words at the top of the paper: IOU.

He continued to read: I, Hu Zhengdao (ID number …), borrowed 100,000 yuan from Li Mu on a certain year, month, and day. All the loans will be repaid in installments over the next five years. This is the IOU.

Signed, Hu Zhengdao.

In addition to the three words Hu Zhengdao and the time and date, there was also a red handprint by Hu Zhengdao.

After reading the IOU, Li Mu asked Hu Zhengdao, "Is there any meaning in writing this?"

"Yes."

Hu Zhengdao said sincerely, "If I lose my mind in the future and become a bastard who owes money and doesn't pay it back, you can take this IOU to court and sue me."

Li Mu frowned and scolded, "You're wasting your time. Then I won't lend it to you, okay?"

Hu Zhengdao was stunned. Li Mu impatiently stuffed the IOU into his pocket and said, "The person lying on the bed is Yanan's mother, so I didn't lend this money to you. If you really want to talk about this, consider it as me lending it to you and Yanan. In the future, if you and Yanan can live a prosperous life together, then you two can return this money to me. If you two don't live a good life together, then consider this money as a gift from me."

Hu Zhengdao asked seriously, "What if the two of us can't be together?"

Li Mu said, "With your current enthusiasm, I think the two of you can pass the test in the future."

…

Wang Yanan only ate a few mouthfuls of the meal before she hurried back to the ward to accompany Li Mu. Li Mu asked the restaurant to prepare some light and nutritious dishes for her. Hu Zhengdao hurriedly ate to his heart's content and left with them to accompany Wang Yanan to the hospital.

After the two of them left, Sun Jian, the dormitory leader, sighed and said, "The days of the Righteous Path will be even more difficult in the future."

Li Yawei said, "Why don't we all pool some money as a token of our sincerity."

Li Mu said, "Forget about the money. Don't let the Righteous Path and Yanan feel like they owe everyone a favor. These two days, I'll have to trouble you girls to accompany her often so that Yanan can breathe a sigh of relief."

Han Xiaoxiao nodded repeatedly, "Of course, us sisters will take turns to accompany her, we won't let Yanan be alone."

After the meal, everyone wanted to go to the hospital again. Li Mu felt that it was a bit late and it wasn't appropriate for the ten of them to squeeze into a ward with multiple people, so he advised everyone to go back to school and rest. Thus, the ten people from the two dormitories said goodbye at the entrance of the restaurant. Xue Jianfeng and Li Yawei didn't go to see their girlfriends off. They still had to wake up early the next day, so they had to go back to pack their things and rest early.

On the way, Li Mu received a message from Zhao Ziqiu. The message said, "Thank you for helping Yanan. She's my best female friend in Beijing."

Li Mu asked, "What about your best male friend?"

After pressing the send button, Li Mu felt that it was unnecessary. He could more or less see Zhao Ziqiu's feelings for him. With Zhao Ziqiu's personality, there was a 99% chance that she would directly say it was him.

However, there were times when Li Mu could miscalculate. Zhao Ziqiu's message replied, "My best male friend is Dahei."

Li Mu asked, "Who is Dahei?"

"A shepherd dog."