Chapter 1072

What Li Mu said on the stage at Harvard University, "Research users, understand users, and satisfy users" became the bible in the minds of every product manager in the Internet industry in the future.

Although there were only three simple points, or rather, three steps, the principles contained in them were extremely precise.

Researching users was a process that required effort and painstaking efforts;

Understanding users was the first result, and it was the first theoretical gain after effort and painstaking efforts;

Theoretical gains were only theoretical gains. Further efforts were needed, and all these efforts were actually to satisfy users.

As long as a product could satisfy users, it was a valuable product. The more users it satisfied, the greater its value.

QQ, WeChat, Facebook, and Twitter (Weibo) were classic and successful products of later generations. All of them excellently completed the task of researching users, understanding users, and satisfying users. That was why they were able to become super products with hundreds of millions of users.

In the long history of Internet development, countless failed products almost all had problems in one of these three links, or at some point. Sina's UC vowed to destroy QQ back then, and the reason why it failed in the end was that they didn't even study the users well. They only studied the market. They just felt that the instant messaging market occupied by QQ was very promising, so they decided to do it themselves. However, because they didn't seriously study users at all, this kind of product that didn't meet users' needs was doomed. It was against common sense that they could succeed.

After listening to Li Mu's words, Mark Zuckerberg suddenly understood. He didn't doubt Li Mu's words at all. Instead, he regarded them as the truth. At the same time, he repeatedly warned himself in his heart that if he wanted to try to start a business in the Internet field, he must remember the three points Li Mu said.

After answering Mark Zuckerberg's question, Li Mu said to the tens of thousands of adoring faces below the stage, "Everyone, Muye Technology is currently carrying out a number of very critical work at the same time. Coming to Harvard at the last minute has delayed a lot of things, so I must rush back to Silicon Valley this afternoon. Today's event is really over. I sincerely thank all the students and staff of Harvard and MIT, President Lawrence, and the Harvard University Board of Trustees for giving me this precious opportunity. If there is a chance in the future, I will come to Harvard again. At that time, I hope that all the promises I said today have been fulfilled.

After Li Mu finished his last words, the students of Harvard and MIT did not ask him to say more as before. Instead, they all stood up and applauded with full understanding and reluctance, cheering loudly and disorderly.

At first, the cheers were particularly messy, making it difficult to hear any words clearly. But gradually, the cheers of the scene became unified. Everyone was shouting two pronunciations: "Li-Mu!"

Li Mu bowed to the audience again in the sound of tens of thousands of people shouting his name. Then he waved his hand and slowly walked off the stage. This time, the audience did not ask him to return. But after he disappeared from everyone's sight, everyone still stood in the same place and shouted Li Mu's name excitedly.

The crazy enthusiasm of the scene made Lawrence envious and jealous.

As the president of Harvard, he didn't even have half of the influence that Li Mu had.

No, not even one-tenth.

Lawrence knew very well that he had enough power and influence to make 20,000 people come to Harvard to listen to his speech, but this group of students would never chase after him like they chased after Li Mu.

After Li Mu came down from the stage, he immediately went to the lounge and asked Li Ziwei to find Mark Zuckerberg. This time, he came for him, and he had to have a private chat with him before he left.

In Li Mu's eyes, Facebook was a miracle and the pinnacle of human social networking. Even if he knew the product characteristics and development strategy of Facebook, if he really wanted to make a Facebook from scratch, he was not sure that he could do it on the scale that Mark Zuckerberg did in his previous life. Moreover, Li Mu knew very well that even if he could make Facebook to that level, his energy would not allow him to play with it. In this situation, it was no longer suitable for him to develop major projects by himself. He needed the right people to follow up.

Therefore, for Li Mu, he was determined to get Mark Zuckerberg.

After a while, when Lawrence went on the stage to pick up on Li Mu and talk to everyone about the cooperation between Harvard and Li Mu on 3321, Mark Zuckerberg had already followed Li Ziwei to the lounge where Li Mu was.

As soon as Mark Zuckerberg entered the door, he looked at Li Mu as if he was looking at a god. He shook his head gently and waved his hands. He said with great excitement, "Mr. Li, your speech just now was really exciting. I have never admired anyone as much as I did today. You are the first!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Take a seat first. I have something to talk to you about."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly sat down opposite Li Mu and looked at Li Mu anxiously.

He knew that Li Mu had already understood his trick to deceive the school and him. He didn't know if Li Mu wanted to talk to him about this. If so, he would really be ashamed!

Just as Mark Zuckerberg was feeling uneasy, Li Mu suddenly said, "Mark, I admire you very much!"

Mark Zuckerberg looked at him with a surprised expression.

"You're a meticulous person," said Li Mu indifferently. "You have your own ideas, logic, and actions. Although you lied to Harvard and me about the invitation to give a speech, I really appreciate your way of doing things."

Here it comes …

When Mark Zuckerberg heard Li Mu say that he lied to him about the speech, he immediately said with a guilty expression, "Mr. Li, I'm really sorry. I just admire you too much, and I think you must be the best example for the students of Harvard, so I especially hope that you can come and give a speech to everyone. In this way, not only will it be of great help to the students of Harvard, but it will also fulfill my dream of knowing you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not saying this to settle accounts with you. I just think that your logic is so good, and your execution is so good. It's a pity that you don't start a business."

After that, Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said, "If you are interested, you can tell me. I still have the same promise. If the project is suitable, I will invest five million dollars in you and take 49% of your shares!"

Mark Zuckerberg was flattered and said, "Mr. Li, five million dollars is too much. I can't reach that level yet …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Considering that you've fooled me, you're already worth the price in my eyes."

Then, Li Mu asked Mark Zuckerberg, "Do you have any suitable entrepreneurial projects now?

You can tell me about them. "

Mark Zuckerberg said with some shame, "In fact, at first, because I saw that many famous girls in the school could earn very rich props in 'Paradise Town', I realized that there was room for imagination in this area. So I wanted to set up a platform to evaluate the campus belle, and let people rate and reward the beauties on my platform. But I didn't expect that before my product was developed, your Top Campus Belle List had already been launched, and it was much better than my activities in all aspects, so I gave up the launch of that product."

Li Mu knew that he should be talking about Facemash, but he still pretended to be puzzled and asked him, "Do you have more specific information?

Including the product name and so on, can you introduce it to me? "

Mark Zuckerberg said, "My product name is Facemash."

Li Mu nodded thoughtfully, but in fact, his heart was already blooming with joy.

Sure enough, Mark Zuckerberg still followed the old path of his previous life, but the only difference was that in his previous life, Facemash was launched, and it caused a lot of sensation at Harvard. He was even almost expelled from Harvard because of this boring beauty evaluation.

However, because of him in this life, under the influence of YY and "Paradise Town", Mark Zuckerberg's life path had slightly deviated. He had already moved the pace of his entrepreneurship forward a lot. From this point of view, Mark Zuckerberg's entrepreneurial impulse in this life was much stronger than in his previous life!

The only question now was, when would he think of doing Facebook in this life?

Thinking of this, Li Mu tentatively asked him, "The Facemash project has been aborted. Do you have any new projects?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "I've been thinking about this, but I haven't found a relatively easy small project to do yet."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the future, you naturally don't have to start with small projects. You can directly cooperate with me, and I won't treat you badly."

Mark Zuckerberg hurriedly thanked him and said, "I've been thinking about the idea of a new product recently. If I have a clear idea, I'll contact you first."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I think Face is a very good word. I suggest you keep this word. In the future, when you do other projects, try to bring this word with you."

Mark Zuckerberg said excitedly, "What a coincidence. I personally like the word Face because it can give us a more intuitive feeling and enhance the interaction between people through the Internet."

“

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then your next project should continue to use Face as the core store."