Chapter 1770

Lu Yunhao knew how to adapt to the current situation.

Once there was an opportunity to leave the primordial class, he would climb up without hesitation. As for what he was tied to, to him, other than his arms, legs, and private parts that could not be cut off, everything else could be thrown to the back of his mind.

Now, the famous Wall Street investment organization, IDG Capital, wanted to talk to him face-to-face. You want me to teach them a lesson?

Are you kidding me?

After hanging up the phone, Lu Yunhao turned off his phone and drove all the way to the airport.

When he arrived at the entrance of the airport parking lot, he saw that the parking fee was five yuan per hour. Lu Yunhao did some calculations. Oh my god, parking for a day costs more than a hundred yuan. Why don't you just rob a bank?

But when he remembered that the people from IDG were still waiting for him in Shanghai, he gritted his teeth and drove in.

After finding an empty parking space, Lu Yunhao went straight to the departure hall. He first went to the counter to ask about the ticket. Luckily, there were many flights to Zhonghai, and most of them were full. So, he was lucky enough to buy a full-fare ticket that would take off in an hour.

With the ticket in hand, Lu Yunhao could not help but curse.

The airline company was really stingy. The ticket would get more expensive the closer it was to the airport. If you bought it a month in advance, you would want to get a full discount. But if you bought it a week before the departure, you would only get a 50% discount.

If you bought it right before the departure, the airline company would think that you were in a hurry and would not give you a discount.

From Lu Yunhao's perspective, these people actually wanted to double the price. It was just that the country did not allow them to do so.

Half an hour later, Lu Yunhao was already on the plane. He took advantage of the fact that the plane had not yet left his seat to turn on his phone and send a message to IDG's Fang Ping, informing him of his flight number.

Fang Ping immediately replied, "Okay, Mr. Lu, see you later!"

When the plane took off, Lu Yunhao's mood was similar to the plane that took off, soaring straight into the sky.

After struggling in society for so long, Lu Yunhao knew how difficult it was to break the shackles of social class.

For example, Xiao Wang's family had been farmers for three generations. When it came to Xiao Wang's generation, they could not fly even if they wanted to.

Even if Xiao Wang's family sold everything they had to pay for him to go to college, Xiao Wang would only be able to find an ordinary job after he graduated from college with no money or capital.

Originally, Xiaowang thought that earning a few thousand yuan a month would be amazing. It would be more than what Er Luzi and his family earned in a year.

However, he lived like a dog in the big city. He didn't dare to spend the money he earned. Every penny he spent was a mess.

Sitting next to Little Wang was Little Li's colleague. Although he earned as much as Little Wang, he never had to worry about making ends meet. He spent whatever he earned, and his life was enjoyable. Why?

Because Xiao Li's parents were retired workers, they couldn't even finish spending their monthly retirement salary. Not only did they not need him to subsidize them, they even subsidized him every month.

Moreover, Xiao Li's parents had employee medical insurance, so they could go directly to the hospital for all kinds of illnesses, and most of them could be reimbursed.

Therefore, Xiao Li did not have to worry about his parents at all.

What about Xiao Wang?

His parents had been farmers all their lives. They had never paid a penny for pension insurance, nor had they paid a penny for medical insurance. They could barely make a living by working in the fields. If one day they could no longer work, Xiao Wang would have to subsidize them.

Moreover, their old house was dilapidated. His parents' biggest dream was to build a few spacious and bright tile-roofed houses. They did not have the ability to do so, so this matter was now entrusted to Xiao Wang.

Xiao Wang was also a sensible child. He sent half of his monthly salary back to his hometown and saved it for his parents. This made it difficult for him to make ends meet.

As for the remaining half of his salary, Xiao Wang had to pay for his own meals and sleep. He also had to prepare an emergency fund for himself. He could not even find a partner, let alone eat, drink, and play.

But what about Xiao Li?

He was a local with two apartments. He was not a nouveau riche, but at least he did not have to rent a house and did not have to worry about buying a house in the future.

Therefore, although everyone had the same amount of money, the difference in their social status was more than one level.

Similarly, although Xiao Li's social status was much higher than Xiao Wang's, compared to those who were better off, he was still far behind. His parents had worked hard all their lives. Other than saving up for two apartments, they only had a few hundred thousand in cash. Compared to Xiao Liu, whose family gave him a Benz BMW when he was in his twenties, he was far behind.

Xiao Liu also had his own targets of envy. His parents' spending power was limited to giving him a BMW Audi. He still had to work hard to earn money. Compared to those second-generation rich kids who drove imported sports cars and spent money like water, he was still far behind.

The entire society was made up of countless different social classes. It was not a five-story old dilapidated building that could be climbed by just walking up the stairs.

It was a steep mountain that pierced straight into the clouds. Some people lived at the top, some lived at the mountainside, and some lived at the foot of the mountain. The people at the foot of the mountain looked at the people at the mountainside and the top of the mountain. They felt indignant. Why were they so lucky to be born there, but they could only be born at the foot of the mountain?

This mountain was steep and dangerous. It was not easy to climb up one meter, let alone thousands or even tens of thousands of meters above sea level.

However, the people at the foot of the mountain would not come. Some people lived in the barren land that was tens of thousands of miles away from the foot of the mountain. If they wanted to climb this mountain, they had to go through tens of thousands of miles before they could stand on the same starting line as him.

No one had ever clearly divided the social classes, but everyone knew that it was too difficult to cross the social class.

Lu Yunhao had worked hard to get into Southern English University, but he had only just arrived at the foot of the mountain. The first step was to lay the foundation, and the second step was to climb. Now, he had finally grabbed the express ticket from the foot of the mountain to the mountainside. He had to get on this train no matter what!

…

A hundred minutes later, the plane landed in Zhonghai.

Lu Yunhao walked out of the exit of the airport empty-handed and with his fat belly on.

A petite, beautiful girl was holding a sign with her slender hands. On the sign, the words "Mr. Lu Yunhao" were written.

When he saw the girl, Lu Yunhao's eyes lit up.

At first glance, one could tell that she was a typical southern girl. Not only were her facial features exceptionally exquisite, but her skin was also fair and tender. It was flawless.

In Lu Yunhao's eyes, this girl was definitely the best. She was a beauty that was hard to find on the streets of the north.

When he looked at her again, Lu Yunhao saw the sign in the girl's hand and the words on it.

Soon after, he was overjoyed and stepped forward. He was a little nervous but pretended to be casual and said, "Hello, I'm Lu Yunhao."

When the girl heard this, she immediately said in surprise, "Hello, Mr. Lu. I was sent by Mr. Fang to pick you up!

My name is Du Xiaoling. "

It was the first time that Lu Yunhao was called "Mr. Lu". In the past, it was "Mr. Lu" or "Old Lu". When he heard the title "Mr. Lu", he felt happy. This was a title that showed his status!

Lu Yunhao ran his fingers through his hair and asked awkwardly, "Are we going to see Mr. Fang now?"

"Yes." Du Xiaoling nodded and said, "The car and driver are in the parking lot. Let's go now!"

"Okay, okay!" Lu Yunhao nodded and followed Du Xiaoling to the parking lot.

A Benz S600 was parked in the parking lot closest to the pedestrian entrance. Before Lu Yunhao arrived, the driver got out of the car and opened the door to the back seat. He bowed slightly to Lu Yunhao and said, "Hello, Mr. Lu. Please get in the car!"

Lu Yunhao was a little nervous. To be honest, it was not that he had never sat in a Benz before, but he had never sat in such a good Benz.

Moreover, he had always sat in a Benz before. When had he ever had a Benz and a full-time driver to serve him?

When Lu Yunhao got in the car, Du Xiaoling sat directly in the front passenger seat. Then, she turned her head and said to Lu Yunhao, "Mr. Lu, you must be tired from the journey, right?

Let's go to the company in the afternoon to meet with Mr. Fang and a few VPs for a chat. In the evening, they will hold a welcome dinner for you. In addition, we have booked a five-star hotel for you. When you are done, just let me know when you are going back. We have reserved first-class seats in most of the airlines on the Beijing-Shanghai route. "

For a multinational capital like IDG, not only were their employees well treated, but their business hospitality was also top-notch.

These multinational capitals had cooperation with five-star hotels in major cities in many countries around the world. They had long-term reserved rooms. Once the executives went there or there were VIPs that needed to be entertained, they could be used immediately.

Apart from that, there were also first-class airline resources.

Especially first-class seats on key routes. It was not possible to say that every flight on this route had their own first-class seats, but at the very least, it could be guaranteed that there would be at least one or two flights on this route every day with their own first-class seats reserved for them.

First-class seats were very important to multinational business elites. Sleeping for ten hours to discuss business was completely different from sitting for ten hours to discuss business.

Lu Yunhao was amazed when he heard this. This was the strength of capital. When he was in the South, he occasionally went on business trips to give lectures in other places. His first choice was the train, and it was the express. Even if he wanted to take a plane, he had to get the approval of the principal level leaders. Otherwise, even if he went to the frontier, he would have to squeeze on the green train.

With this comparison, it was clear who was superior.

Lu Yunhao had not even met the executives of venture capital funds, but he had already felt the charm of capital in advance.

The Benz S600 left the airport and drove to the busiest office building area on the Bund.

Du Xiaoling introduced IDG's current investment business to Lu Yunhao. Lu Yunhao got a key point from her words: IDG's current global investment strategy was focused on internet projects.

This was a good thing, because he was prepared to find someone to borrow some money and enter the internet industry to test the waters.

When they arrived at IDG's office building, Du Xiaoling led Lu Yunhao all the way to the 58th floor.

IDG rented the entire 58th floor, which was thousands of square meters, and the decoration was extremely luxurious.

There were not many people in the headquarters of IDG Hua Xia, so the entire office area was very spacious. Moreover, it was surrounded by glass partitions, which looked very classy.

Lu Yunhao looked left and right like a granny entering a grand view garden. Finally, under Du Xiaoling's lead, they arrived at the door of Fang Ping's office.

Du Xiaoling knocked on the door, and a man's voice came from inside. "Come in."

Du Xiaoling opened the door and said to the person inside, "Boss Fang, Boss Lu is here."

"Really?" The person hurriedly said, "Quick, let him in!"