Chapter 853

At 8 pm, Lei Jianguo went to the restaurant alone to meet with Li Mu. This time, he brought a piece of good news — — Jinshan and Lenovo had decided to accept Taobao's acquisition offer and sell Zhuoyue.

Hearing this news, Li Mu did not feel particularly happy. In his eyes, Zhuoyue was like a turtle in a jar. He would either capture it or kill it. There would not be a second possibility. Now that they were willing to sell it, it was also because they wanted to reduce their losses as much as possible. It was the same logic as selling stocks.

Hence, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "CEO Lei, I will send someone to follow up with the acquisition of Zhuoyue. Let's talk about our business today. I heard from CEO Liu that you are interested in joining Taobao?"

Lei Jianguo nodded his head calmly and said, "I feel that Taobao is more suitable for me than Jinshan."

Li Mu smiled faintly, "It's my honor that you think this way."

As he spoke, Li Mu stated his conditions, "CEO Lei, I personally hope that you can be the COO of Taobao. You will be in charge of the entire Taobao's operations. I wonder if you are interested?"

When Lei Jianguo heard that he was going to be the COO, he was instantly excited.

He had never thought that Li Mu would let him be the COO. For an e-commerce website, the COO's status was very high. It was also very important. This was really giving him enough face.

After that, Lei Jianguo could not help but ask, "Li Zong, I would like to know if I have any options in the company. Or should I say, do I have the opportunity to purchase options?"

To Lei Jianguo, it was meaningless to talk about annual salary now. He was not short of money. What he wanted was a bigger development prospect. Hence, he was more concerned about options. That was the most important thing.

Li Mu nodded and said to Lei Jianguo, "We can provide you with 5% of Taobao's shares. You don't need to pay for the rest, but you will need to sign a 5-year agreement. 20% of the shares will be cashed out every year, and 20% of the shares will be cashed out every year. If there is financing in the middle, then 5% of the shares will be diluted with the other shareholders. However, the diluted shares will still be distributed according to the remaining years, and the shares will be cashed out every year."

5%, no more, no less.

If it was too much, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong would be unhappy. If it was too little, Lei Jianguo would be unhappy.

Lei Jianguo was at least a shareholder of Jinshan and Zhuoyue. Not only was he not short of money, but he was also very rich. If the offer was too little, he would not agree to join.

Hence, after weighing the pros and cons, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong decided to give him 5%. Moreover, it would be distributed over 5 years.

Lei Jianguo also approved of 5%. After all, Taobao's assets were too big, and there was a lot of room for development in the future. 5% was already a lot of room for imagination. However, it was not easy to get 5% of the shares. At least, he would have to devote the next 5 years to Taobao.

Thinking of this, Lei Jianguo asked, "What will happen if I breach the contract?"

Li Mu smiled faintly. "If we have the opportunity to work together, it is fate. If fate ends, we will just part ways. There is no need to argue too much. Hence, you can resign at any time. You just have to follow the normal procedures. If you have already obtained the shares, we will not ask you to return them, and the company will not forcefully buy them back."

Almost all companies would sign a contract for a few years when they gave the shares. However, the degree of the contract was different. Although the contract was signed for five years in one go, Li Mu's idea was that if you worked for a full year, you would get one point. After one year, you would have to leave. Okay, one point would be yours, and the remaining four points would not be cashed out. Everyone would part on good terms. After all, you had also worked for the company for a year.

However, some companies were different. When some companies signed the option agreement, it was the same for five years, but there were very harsh conditions. If the option holder wanted to resign before the five years were up, okay, the company would not give you the chance to exercise your rights. The company would only buy back your shares according to the company's registered capital. There were too many tricks like this. Sometimes, the company's valuation was already over 100 million, but the registered capital was only one or two million. Under such circumstances, the employees had no way to argue.

Lei Jianguo was also very clear about the traps and tricks in these contracts. Now that he heard what Li Mu said, he was also amazed. Li Mu was really straightforward, and his reputation of not setting up traps for his own people was really not fake. Not setting up traps for his own people was really a rare practice in the industry.

At this moment, Lei Jianguo felt that since Li Mu was so straightforward, there was no need for him to hesitate anymore. Without hesitation, he extended his hand and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I hope to be able to fight alongside you in Taobao and make Taobao better."

Li Mu shook his hand and smiled. "CEO Lei, welcome to Taobao."

As he said this, Li Mu asked him, "When will CEO Lei be able to come out from Jinshan?"

Lei Jianguo said, "I can resign at any time, because CEO Qiu will be taking over Jinshan. However, I promised CEO Qiu that I would only resign after Zhuoyao.Com is sold."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "Does this mean that your final job now is to complete the acquisition of Zhuoyao.Com by Taobao?"

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "That's right. Other than that, CEO Qiu will take over all the other jobs."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good. There's not much that you have to do with the acquisition. We've already agreed on the price. All that's left is to sign the agreement, do a systematic audit, and follow the specific acquisition process. If that's the case, you should have a lot of free time in the future. I feel that since that's the case, why don't you come to Taobao in advance to familiarize yourself with it? I'm going to organize a large-scale promotion soon, and I'm about to hold a meeting to discuss it. Are you interested in participating?"

Lei Jianguo asked subconsciously, "Brand Day just passed, and Taobao is going to organize another promotion?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "While the other e-commerce companies are not on the right track, I'll take advantage of the fact that I'm going to occupy as much land as I can."

Lei Jianguo hurriedly said, "That's good. I should be quite free these days. Tell me a time, and I'll definitely come over to learn more."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's not really learning. We'll interact more with each other, and it'll also allow you to quickly integrate into the Taobao team and the pace of work."

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "Okay, I'm fine with it anytime."

"Tomorrow then. Tomorrow at ten o 'clock in the morning at Taobao. Liu Shixiong is going to Yuzhou the day after tomorrow, so we can discuss it together tomorrow."

"No problem, I'll come over tomorrow morning!"

As Lei Jianguo said this, he felt exceptionally excited. This feeling was very familiar. It was very much like the feeling he had when he first joined Jinshan.

He had worked on the Web of Excellence before, so he knew how difficult it was for e-commerce to advance. He also knew that the speed at which Taobao promoted e-commerce was so fast that it made one's hair stand on end. The Brand Day was simply an existence that defied the natural order. Therefore, he couldn't wait to know what kind of promotional activities Li Mu planned after the Brand Day.

In the future, he would be in charge of the entire Taobao's operations. In the future, he might have to plan and promote such promotional activities by himself. Therefore, he had to put in 120% of his effort and learn more from Li Mu.

Li Mu wanted to show off to Lei Jianguo the next day and give him a lively lesson on operations. He wanted to use his understanding of the e-commerce industry, which was more than ten years ahead, and through this promotional activity for daily necessities, he wanted to completely convince Lei Jianguo. He wanted Lei Jianguo to respect Taobao and himself in his heart. He wanted Lei Jianguo to realize the gap between him and his inadequacies. This would force Lei Jianguo to unleash even more of his potential after he joined the company.

After confirming that he would attend the meeting on Taobao the next day, Lei Jianguo thought about the acquisition of the Web of Excellence. He couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, can you give me a rough idea of how Taobao will arrange this business if it completes its acquisition of the Web of Excellence? Also, what will be the previous team?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can integrate the team from the Web of Excellence first, but I don't intend to keep the Web of Excellence itself. After the acquisition is completed and the team comes over, I will open a new channel on Taobao, the Books and Audio Video Channel. At the same time, I will set up a new division, which will be the Books and Audio Video Division. I will merge the Taobao team that is in charge of audio and video products with the Web of Excellence team. After the Books and Audio Video Channel is online, I will put up an announcement for the Web of Excellence for a period of time. After the announcement period is over, the Web of Excellence domain name will be directly transferred to the Books and Audio Video Channel on Taobao."

When Lei Jianguo heard this, he nodded his head lightly. He couldn't help but feel a little melancholic.

The reason why Li Mu acquired the Web of Excellence was actually to destroy the Web of Excellence. He wouldn't keep the brand of the Web of Excellence. In other words, once the Web of Excellence was sold to Li Mu, it would be equivalent to starting the countdown to its disappearance. When the time was up, the Web of Excellence would no longer exist in the world. The domain name of the Web of Excellence would also become a portal that could only be transferred to the Books and Audio Video Channel of Taobao. When he thought of this, Lei Jianguo felt a little sad.

However, this sadness was fleeting. The platform that he had painstakingly built could only support half a channel in the eyes of Li Mu. It would be surprising if Li Mu was willing to keep the Web of Excellence …

Although the Web of Excellence was gone, the old team of Web of Excellence had been absorbed by Taobao and was still under his jurisdiction. This was a great comfort to him. Moreover, when the time comes, he could once again start the Books and Audio Video Channel business under the framework of Taobao. This time around, not only did he have such a huge platform like the Taobao website, he also had the huge traffic of Makino Technology and the support of all the major record companies. The Books and Audio Video Channel business would definitely be able to do better and better.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly opened his mouth and said with a smile, "Oh yes, it seems that we haven't talked about your salary yet. I wonder if Mr. Lei has any requirements for salary?"

Mr. Lei hurriedly waved his hand, "Li Zong, I don't have any requirements for salary. To be honest, I didn't join Taobao for the salary."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Selling the Web of Excellence for ten million USD, you should be able to get more than a million USD, right?"

"Yes."

Mr. Lei nodded. He had more than ten shares in the Web of Excellence. If he sold them all this time, he would be able to cash out more than a million USD, which was almost ten million RMB.

Li Mu said, "How about this, after you start working, you will receive a basic annual salary of 500,000 USD."