Chapter 302

"Yingxue, I'm really sorry …"

In the face of Su Yingxue, Li Mu said his reason with a face full of guilt, "I've been doing some things outside recently, and in the end, a bunch of people kept calling me. This afternoon, I was really annoyed with answering the phone, so I bought a new SIM card before I left. I thought that I'd get back to my original card after a day or two, so I didn't tell you my new phone number."

Su Yingxue said, "But you told others. It's so late, and there are still people sending you messages. Everyone has your new number, so why can't you tell me? Are you afraid that I'll bother you too?"

Li Mu hurriedly waved his hand, "I really didn't mean that …"

Seeing his nervous expression, Su Yingxue felt a bit mischievous in her heart, so she said seriously, "But that's what you meant …"

There were times when Li Mu didn't know how to deal with it. He could only say, "You've misunderstood Yingxue, I really didn't mean that …"

Su Yingxue nodded expressionlessly, "You said that just now."

Li Mu suddenly felt speechless. Su Yingxue added, "Actually, you can just say that I'm not that important in your heart. If you say it directly, I definitely won't be angry. It's much better than lying to me."

Li Mu blurted out, "You're more important than anything in my heart!"

Su Yingxue asked him, "Do you believe what you said?"

"I believe it!"

Li Mu said resolutely, "We've known each other for so many years. Let's not talk about other things, can you really not feel how important you are in my heart?"

Su Yingxue said with a puzzled face, "I really don't feel it. Have you ever told me?

I don't think so. "

Li Mu released his feelings for Su Yingxue for the first time. He sighed deeply and said, "Don't you feel it?

I had a crush on you for three years in high school. In these three years, I didn't dare to look at you most of the time, but I glanced at you dozens of times in class every day. I probably couldn't count how many love letters I wrote to you. Although we met every day, I stuttered when I talked to you. When you said that you wanted to learn to drive, I eagerly signed up. When you said that you wanted to take the National People's Congress, I eagerly applied for the National People's Congress. Don't you know how important you are in my heart? "

Su Yingxue's heart was as sweet as honey, but she said innocently, "You said that you wrote countless love letters, but I didn't receive any of them. And you've never confessed to me in other ways, right?"

"I didn't receive them because I always tore the love letters before I gave them to you …" Li Mu sighed and said, "Last time when we were drinking on the rooftop, didn't I confess to you?"

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "Really? Why didn't I know about your confession?"

Li Mu had never talked so deeply with Su Yingxue about this issue. Although his mental quality was far stronger than that of his peers, Su Yingxue was his weakness in terms of feelings and EQ. After being asked by her, he even became a little impatient. He touched his forehead and said, "Last time I said that I wanted to pursue you …"

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "You did say that, but you didn't pursue me. You never said that you liked me or anything, right?"

Li Mu didn't expect that his emotions would be completely attracted by Su Yingxue. However, when Su Yingxue took the initiative to ask this question, Li Mu didn't have those previous scruples. He blurted out, "I like you. I liked you from the day I enrolled in high school. It hasn't changed since."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu with her watery eyes and asked him, "Is that true?"

Li Mu nodded and said in an extremely sincere tone, "I once had a dream. In the dream, you were admitted to the National People's Congress, while I was only admitted to a low-level university in Jinling. I had a crush on you for four years, just like when we were in high school. When I finally graduated, I immediately came to Yanjing to find a job, thinking that I could finally live in the same city with you again. However, as soon as I arrived in Yanjing, you went abroad to study. So I worked in Yanjing while waiting for you to come back. I didn't expect that in the end, I would hear the news of you getting married overseas at a class reunion. You don't know how much I regretted it at that moment. I will never forget that feeling for the rest of my life …"

Su Yingxue was stunned. After a while, she looked into Li Mu's eyes and said, "I also had a dream. In the dream, I was waiting for a fool to confess to me. All the people who knew me and him told me how much he liked me, but he never told me. So I kept waiting for him to confess. I waited from the age of 16 to 30. In the end, I was scared awake because 30 was too scary. I wasn't sure if I could wait until then …"

Li Mu asked her, "If that fool confessed to you when he was 16 or 17, would you say yes to him?"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I definitely wouldn't say yes to him."

Seeing Li Mu's disappointed face, Su Yingxue added, "It's still too early to be 16 or 17. I'll tell him to study hard. If he can get into the same university as me in the future, I'll say yes to him."

Li Mu's slightly old heart couldn't help but get excited. He blurted out, "I've already been admitted to the National People's Congress!

It's been half a year! "

Su Yingxue said, "I didn't say you were that fool."

Li Mu smiled. He could tell that Su Yingxue was deliberately making him look like a fool, but he was still very excited. Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu's expression was a little nervous and a little excited just now, but at this moment, he actually smiled so naturally. She suddenly felt that he had seen through her, and she began to avoid his burning eyes.

Li Mu lowered his head and smelled the fragrance of her body wash. He said confidently and firmly, "I'm the fool you said."

Su Yingxue suddenly became bashful and said hesitantly, "Who said that? I didn't say that."

Seeing her like this, Li Mu became more and more confident. He smiled and said, "Your face is already red, and you're still quibbling."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "I didn't …"

Li Mu smiled and lowered his head to hold her right hand. He gently pinched her soft palm with the tip of his thumb. He thought that in for a penny, in for a pound, in for a pound. At this point, if she was bashful, she might as well just cut herself off from the people. So he took the opportunity to pull her right hand into his arms. Li Mu gently hugged her with his left hand and whispered in her ear, "Su Yingxue, I've liked you for a long time, far longer than you can imagine. Are you willing to be my girlfriend?"

Su Yingxue didn't expect Li Mu to suddenly pull her into his arms. She suddenly became extremely nervous. Although she had been waiting for Li Mu to confess and even used some provocation tonight, now that Li Mu really confessed in such a direct way, Su Yingxue suddenly panicked.

She had imagined a similar situation in her mind. She felt that if Li Mu confessed to her one day, as long as he clearly said that he wanted her to be his girlfriend, she wouldn't hesitate at all. No matter the situation, she would say yes to him on the spot. She had long been tired of this tacit game, which was like being stuck in a quagmire and unable to take a step forward. She didn't want to hear from the people of the world that Li Mu liked her. She only wanted him to say it himself.

Now that he finally said it, Su Yingxue was full of joy. The words "I do" were almost in her throat, but she swallowed them back.

She, who was held in Li Mu's arms, said something that surprised Li Mu.

"Sing a song for me. Sing a song, and I will say yes to you. It's like the song you sang in the KTV when we graduated."

Li Mu almost opened his mouth and said, "Let me kiss your face gently and wipe away your sad tears …"

As he sang, Li Mu's hands had already held Su Yingxue's face.

Su Yingxue suddenly blushed. She was afraid that Li Mu would be too engrossed in singing, so she hurriedly stretched out her hands to cover her face, closed her eyes slightly, and trembled her eyelashes. "I'm not talking about singing now …"

Li Mu looked at her covering her face and asked softly, "Then when do you want to sing?"

"At the party." Su Yingxue still covered her face and said, "The school's New Year's party on the fifth night."

Li Mu said, "There are only a few days left. Your program must have been decided. I didn't sign up."

Su Yingxue said, "It's okay. I'll help you cut the line."

"That's not good, right?"

"Will you sing or not?"

Li Mu immediately said, "Sing, I'll sing!"

Su Yingxue opened her hands that were covering her face and asked in surprise, "Really?

You won't regret it? "

Li Mu said firmly, "I won't regret it."

Su Yingxue was as happy as a child. She blinked her eyes playfully and said, "You're not allowed to sing 'I won't let you be lonely anymore'. I want you to choose a new song for me."

"Okay." Li Mu said with a smile, "I'll spoil you. After all, you're my girlfriend."

Su Yingxue's cheeks were bright red as she said, "Not yet."

Li Mu laughed foolishly, grabbed Su Yingxue's hands, and said, "In my heart, you already are."

"Not in your heart, but in my heart. Whether it counts or not depends on whether the song you choose can move me."

…

That night, Li Mu, who was lying on his side, almost didn't sleep.

His relationship with Su Yingxue was only left with the last layer of window paper that hadn't been pierced yet. This woman who had haunted his dreams for more than ten years, the woman who was once like a parallel line to him, had almost become his girlfriend. Although he didn't quite understand why Su Yingxue would only agree to him if he sang a song at the New Year's Eve party, he was still willing to do his best to fulfill her wish.

He was excited all night and also thought about what song he should sing for Su Yingxue at the party.

There seemed to be too many classic love songs. He didn't know how to choose. He could either choose a well-known classic love song or choose a work that hadn't been released yet. After thinking all night, it wasn't until early morning that Li Mu finally had an idea.