Chapter 183

Li Mu called the emergency department of Haidian Hospital and asked if a student named Sun Tan had been sent to the emergency room. The nurse who answered the phone at the triage desk said yes, he was still in the emergency room.

Li Mu asked if his life was in danger, and the nurse asked, "He is still in the emergency room, how would I know?"

Although the attitude was a little stiff, the truth was irrefutable.

Li Mu also felt that he was a little impulsive, so he said sorry, added a thank you, and then hung up the phone.

In his heart, he naturally did not want Sun Tan to die. If he died, Wu Shuai's life would be completely ruined. Even if he could keep his life, he did not know how many years he would have to stay in the hospital. The intrigue between students should not have such serious consequences.

But now it seemed that the situation was not optimistic. Sun Tan was still in the emergency room, and most of the people who needed to be rescued were in danger.

It seemed that the consequences of this matter would still have to wait for the results of Sun Tan's rescue.

All of a sudden, Li Mu felt upset. It was not self-blame, nor was it kindness, but the balance in his heart that controlled the world view.

Li Mu suddenly wanted to find someone to talk to, or a glass of wine with.

He took out his phone and looked at the names in his address book, flipping through them one by one.

He had given up on his roommates. In the end, he thought that the best candidates were Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu.

Just when he was hesitating on the question of choosing one, the screen of his phone suddenly changed from the address book to the status of an incoming call. It was Su Yingxue!

He had not seen Su Yingxue for a few days. Suddenly seeing her call at this critical moment, Li Mu suddenly felt touched, but also a little regretful.

He thought that coming to the National People's Congress with Su Yingxue would be the happiest thing in the future four years of university. He did not expect that his ambition would change with the change of environment. The heart that he brought out from the small city of Haizhou was first magnified in Yan Jing.

Now, because of the Series A financing of Makino Technology and the great success of 3321, it increased exponentially.

His ambition was too big, and his thinking was too big.

Instead, it made him neglect many colorful people and things around him, not only Su Yingxue, but also Zhao Ziqiu.

When Li Mu stared at Su Yingxue's name and sighed, he actually forgot to answer the phone. Su Yingxue didn't get through at all.

She was so anxious that her heart was about to jump out of her throat. She rubbed her right hand over her heart, feeling the strong and fast beating rate of her heart. She muttered in her heart, "Li Mu, you must be alright."

She had also heard that Wu Shuai had stabbed Sun Tan. She was shocked at first, but then she began to worry about Li Mu.

She knew that Wu Shuai and Li Mu also had a conflict, and the conflict was quite deep. A considerable part of the reason was because of her.

Since Wu Shuai had done such a hysterical thing, perhaps he had already made up his mind to take revenge before he did it. At this time, she was most worried about Li Mu's safety, but Li Mu just didn't answer the phone.

The phone stopped ringing and vibrating. Only then did Li Mu realize that he had actually missed Su Yingxue's call.

So he was about to call Su Yingxue back, but he didn't expect Su Yingxue to call again.

"Hello, Yingxue."

"Li Mu, where are you?"

Su Yingxue's voice was hurried and panicked. Li Mu had never heard her voice like this before. It felt like she was a frightened rabbit.

Li Mu said, "I'm outside.

How about you? "

"Are you okay?" Su Yingxue asked, "Where are you?

Are you alone? "

"I'm fine. I'm outside the school. I'm alone."

"It's good that you're okay …" Su Yingxue let out a long sigh of relief and said, "Have you heard about Wu Shuai?"

"I have." Li Mu knew that she was worried about him.

He was touched and comforted her, "I'm fine."

After that, Li Mu didn't know why, but he added, "I just miss you …"

Su Yingxue asked almost without thinking, "Where are you?

I'll go find you. "

Li Mu said, "I rented a house outside the school. It's Yucheng Garden at the east gate of the school."

Su Yingxue asked, "Is it convenient for me to go over?"

"Yes."

"Then I'll go out now."

"I'll wait for you downstairs."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu's heart suddenly surged with a bit of eagerness and excitement.

He took his wallet and keys and hurried downstairs. While waiting for Su Yingxue, he bought some cans of beer, peanuts, chicken feet, and other snacks at the convenience store at the entrance of the community. After paying the bill and coming out, he instinctively looked at the overpass and happened to see Su Yingxue jogging on the overpass and then quickly running down the stairs.

"Yingxue!"

Li Mu waved at her. Su Yingxue, who had just stopped under the overpass to see where Yucheng Garden was, immediately saw Li Mu and hurriedly ran towards Li Mu.

When she came to Li Mu, Su Yingxue was already out of breath, and her pretty face was flushed because of running. Seeing her out of breath, Li Mu said with some distress, "Why did you run so fast? It wouldn't have taken you long to walk here."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu, and their eyes met. She said in a somewhat reproachful tone, "I was worried about you. I was so scared when I heard that Wu Shuai stabbed someone."

Li Mu said with a smile, "But I told you that I'm fine. Wu Shuai has been arrested. How could he run out of the police station and stab me?"

"Don't talk nonsense!"

Su Yingxue glared at Li Mu with her beautiful eyes. Seeing that he was carrying a pile of beer in his hand, she asked him, "Why did you buy so much beer in the middle of the night?"

Li Mu scratched his head with a silly look and smiled, "I'm not in a good mood. You said you wanted to come over, so I wanted you to drink with me."

After saying that, Li Mu hurriedly added, "Don't worry, I won't let you drink."

Su Yingxue smiled noncommittally and said angrily, "But you're really not a good friend. When did you secretly rent a house outside the school? You didn't even tell me."

"I was wrong." Li Mu hurriedly admitted his mistake and said, "I've been so busy recently. I've been busy like a dog."

Su Yingxue smiled and pushed Li Mu. "Didn't you want to drink? Let's go."

Li Mu took Su Yingxue to the house he rented. Su Yingxue roughly looked around and realized that this was where Li Mu did his business.

Seeing that one of the two computers was still on, Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu's 3321 should be made here.

Li Mu gave Su Yingxue a brief introduction of the situation here, his motive and purpose for renting this place, and then said to Su Yingxue, "We can go up to the rooftop.

Why don't we go to the rooftop to drink? We can enjoy the scenery. "

Su Yingxue nodded and agreed with a little excitement.

Li Mu took the elevator to the rooftop with Su Yingxue, and then climbed up the stairs to the rooftop.

The two came to the side of the rooftop near the National People's Congress. The rooftop was designed with two layers of guardrails. The innermost layer was about one meter high and thirty to forty centimeters wide.

After climbing over this layer of guardrails, there was another layer two meters away, so Li Mu put the beer and snacks on the inner cement guardrails and asked Su Yingxue, "Do you want to sit on it?"

Su Yingxue nodded, but said with a red face, "I'm afraid I can't go up by myself."

Even if she could go up, Su Yingxue wouldn't climb the guardrails in front of Li Mu. It would be too damaging to her image.

Li Mu patted the dust on the guardrails and said with a smile, "I'll help you sit on it. You can adjust yourself."

"Okay."

Li Mu put his hands on Su Yingxue's graceful and soft waist. With a little force, Su Yingxue, who had her back to the guardrails, jumped and sat on the guardrails easily.

Then she turned around, put her legs on the outer layer, and looked at the campus of the National People's Congress not far away.

Li Mu sat next to her, opened a can of beer, and drank it in one breath.

Su Yingxue originally wanted to stop him and ask him to drink slowly, but seeing that Li Mu had been frowning slightly, and only when he closed his eyes and drank, she swallowed the words that were about to come out of her mouth.

Li Mu squeezed the empty can in his hand, then took out a bottle from the bag and pulled the ring.

Su Yingxue grabbed it when he was unprepared and said, "Thank you, this bottle is mine."

Li Mu said, "I'll drink some myself. You don't have to drink."

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "We've known each other for so long.

We've never drunk together. On the day of the graduation dinner, I wanted to have a drink with you, but you said three words to me at that time. Although I didn't believe it, I still gave up the idea of drinking with you. "

Li Mu blurted out without thinking, "What three words?"

Su Yingxue blinked her big eyes and asked, "Have you forgotten?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, and the scene of that day flashed through his mind.

He smiled and said, "Of course I haven't forgotten."

"Oh?" Su Yingxue asked with a smile, "Then tell me, what three words did you say that day?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I said 'I'm still here'."

Su Yingxue nodded and said with a smile, "I didn't believe it at that time. I didn't believe it when you said in class that you also wanted to take the National People's Congress exam. I always felt that you were dizzy all day long, and you weren't focused in your studies. Your English was terrible, so how could you pass the National People's Congress exam?"

"At the graduation dinner, everyone was very sad. You told me that you were still here. At that time, I thought that you must be lying to me or comforting me. I wanted to have a drink with you because I thought that we were going to be separated. But after you said those three words, although I didn't believe it, I began to look forward to it. So I didn't ask you to drink with me. In the end, I didn't expect that you actually passed the exam …"

Li Mu asked with a smile, "At that time, you wanted to have a farewell drink with me?"

"Yes."

Su Yingxue recalled that time, and the smile on her face was particularly sweet. "Even in my dreams, I couldn't believe that you would pass the National People's Congress exam."

"You don't believe in my ability that much?"

"Come on, when did you show any ability during your three years in high school?

Every day, you just studied casually. You only listened in class for half an hour and did other things for the remaining fifteen minutes. You were absent-minded throughout English class. You often didn't do the homework that the teacher assigned, and you often forgot to bring your textbooks. Before class, you ran to Zhao Kang's class in a panic to borrow books from Zhao Kang …

Sometimes, I was very curious. In class, students who performed like you usually scored more than 400 points. But you could score more than 500 points in every mock exam, and you even scored more than 600 points in the college entrance exam. I really can't believe it. How did you do it? "

As Li Mu listened to Su Yingxue's memories, he suddenly turned his face to look at Su Yingxue. The cold moonlight from above and the warm light from below shone on her face. From Li Mu's angle, she was really beautiful.