Chapter 1560

Soon, William's Twitter account updated with a new tweet. The text of the tweet was exactly what William had said, and the voting function was also added.

William had almost eight million fans around the world, and now was the stage where users were crazy about Twitter. The average length of time users were online and the average activity level was very high. Therefore, as soon as this tweet was sent out, it immediately had more than 100,000 views, and the number was still growing rapidly.

The number of likes was rising, and the number of comments, reposts, votes, and other data were also constantly increasing. The best way to see the audience's mentality was the voting. Among the 100,000 views, more than 5,000 people voted, and more than 90% of the voting users agreed with the idea that 3321 was useful.

Most of the British netizens in the comment section participated, so the opinions were almost one-sided. Most people felt that if 3321 was introduced to the UK, it would definitely ease the financial burden of British college students and postgraduates, and the effect would be very strong.

There were even many British college students in the comment section, hoping that Li Mu and Makino Technology could introduce the 3321 model to the UK as soon as possible. There were also college students who called for a British Internet company to stand up and imitate the 3321 model to make a similar platform in the UK.

In addition to the users who directly started discussing the tweet, many users praised William's attitude. They did not expect this young member of the royal family to be so concerned about the domestic education situation, especially under the glamorous appearance, the hidden financial burden of college students. This made them see William's national awareness and sense of responsibility, and it narrowed the distance between him and the netizens.

In less than half an hour, the tweet had been read more than one million, reposted more than 10,000, and commented more than 10,000. The number of votes exceeded 70,000, and the support rate was 93.3%.

The rapid increase in the number of views came from William's eight million fan base and more than 10,000 reposts.

On Twitter, the number of views of a tweet increased exponentially with the number of reposts. Assuming that each person had an average of 500 fans, then 10,000 reposts would reach an additional 5 million users.

The users swarmed in, making the topic "Prince William hopes 3321 to enter the UK" a hot topic on Twitter. As a result, this topic attracted a large number of users, and directly sparked heated discussions and popularity on Twitter.

Every member of the royal family was overjoyed when James reported the results one by one on his laptop. They did not expect the Internet to reach so many people in such a short time and receive so much feedback. This was something unimaginable in the past.

This was also due to the unique advantages of the Internet. Compared to any other media, the Internet had a huge advantage. Not only was it extremely fast, but it also had a wide coverage area. In theory, it could cover the whole world in an instant. More importantly, the dissemination of the Internet as a medium could directly interact with users. This was something that other media could only sigh at.

This incredible data made the entire royal family admire Li Mu even more.

Li Mu's eyes were indeed sharp. He had only pointed William in a direction, but he had not expected him to find the pain point. If this trend continued, William would dominate the headlines of the entire UK in the future.

At this moment, James' phone vibrated. Not only was he the butler of Buckingham Palace, but he was also in charge of William's public relations. All of William's public activities were handled by him.

James hurriedly excused himself and went outside to answer the phone. After a while, he walked in excitedly and said, "Prince William, BBC would like to do an interview with you. The topic is about your personal views on the state of higher education in the UK, as well as your views on 3321."

The Queen said in surprise, "Aren't they too fast?"

Just as she finished speaking, James' phone vibrated again.

He hurriedly excused himself again.

A minute later, he rushed in excitedly and said, "Prince William, ITV is also calling. They would like to interview you …"

BBC was the number one television media in the UK, and ITV was number two. In less than half an hour, these media had already seen the popularity of William's Twitter from the explosive data.

The Queen was so happy that she could not close her mouth.

Before she could speak, James' phone vibrated again.

James said awkwardly, "Sorry …"

Before he could finish, the Queen waved her hand and said, "Take it here."

James nodded and answered the phone.

This time, it was the Times Daily.

Soon after, the Guardian called as well …

In just a short while, William had become the target of the entire UK media's desire to interview.

James did not give a clear reply over the phone. He told every media outlet that he would pass on the interview request to Prince William, but it was up to Prince William to decide whether to accept the interview or not.

William instinctively looked at Li Mu and asked, "Mr Lee, what should we do next?"

The Queen and Prince Charles did not say anything. They looked at Li Mu quietly and expectantly.

The current development of the situation was far beyond their expectations. For them, the Internet was like a group of people in the 19th century facing a nuclear reactor. They could not control the huge energy contained in the latter, and they did not know how to control it.

At this time, Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "There is no need to accept the media's interview now. Our topic is very simple. We feel that the burden of British high school students is too heavy, so we are considering bringing 3321 to the UK. This is a very simple and very simple cause and effect relationship. If we really wanted an interview, it would be a matter of one sentence. But these media outlets want a long interview. Once you accept the interview, the media will inevitably want you to extend and expand this topic. It will scatter the focus that we have done, and it will easily backfire."

Everyone nodded. Li Mu's point of view was indeed different from ordinary people. Even the members of the royal family felt that it was a very good thing that so many media outlets wanted to interview them. They had to accept it. In this way, their exposure would be guaranteed. However, after Li Mu's reminder, they instantly understood that if they really did an interview, it was likely to scatter the original focus as Li Mu said.

Most people often made such mistakes in daily life. For example, when an employee decided to resign, the leader would ask him why he resigned, what he was dissatisfied with, what he did not understand, and what he did not understand. Did he have a new company that he liked?

If so, which company was it?

What position?

What treatment?

A bunch of questions were asked. If he answered them one by one, it was very likely that he would be led astray. In the end, he would not know whether he should resign or not.

Actually, when doing a lot of things, it was important to ensure absolute focus. After thinking it through, stick to your own focus and not be distracted by anything. For example, if I want to resign, don't ask me those random questions. What does what I think have to do with you?

The only thing you need to know is that I want to resign. As for the rest, don't waste your breath asking me. Even if you ask me, I won't answer.

Li Mu continued, "We promise to be the focus. The rest is just to go with the flow. Later today, after the news is released, William can directly make a statement on Twitter. Just say that you have seen the thoughts of the masses of netizens and confirmed that 3321 has a positive effect on solving the financial burden of British high school students. Therefore, you have reached an agreement with me to introduce 3321 to Britain as soon as possible. That's enough. You don't need to say anything else. Even if the media asks you, you don't need to answer them. Everything you want to say has already been posted on Twitter. If they want to report on it, they can repost your Twitter.

As for interviews, just reject them all. "After saying that, Li Mu reminded him," You must remember what I said just now. Stick to a focus. Don't let yourself get distracted, and don't let others lead you astray. During this period, you only need to present one point of view to the outside world. Because Britain needs 3321 now, you have to introduce 3321 to Britain. As for the rest, you don't need to say anything else. "

William nodded without hesitation and said, "I understand, Mr Lee!

Don't worry, I'll do as you say! "

The elderly Queen's recognition of Li Mu kept increasing in just a short one or two hours. She increasingly felt that improving the relationship between the royal family and Li Mu was an extremely wise decision. Although Li Mu was about the same age as William, his ability, vision, and way of thinking were much stronger than William's. In front of him, William was like an ignorant primary school student. Therefore, he could become William's best mentor. In just one or two hours, he could bring so much help and improvement to William. What if it was one or two years?

What if it was ten or twenty years?

When William was 30 years old, he might begin to represent the royal family on the world stage. The Queen hoped that at that time, William could become a real opinion leader like Li Mu, an opinion leader who could deeply influence and persuade others. At that time, the entire royal family would have a chance to shine again on the world stage.

If William couldn't seize this heaven-sent opportunity from Li Mu, he might become the "mascot" of Great Britain when he was 30 years old. People would pay attention to what kind of wife he married and whether he had a prince or a princess. People would also love and respect him, but that was just out of respect for the royal family. Because people would not believe in him and would not take what he said as a reference. People would not even have the energy to listen to what he said. In the eyes of people, his existence was just a symbol, just like the Statue of Liberty in the United States and the Eiffel Tower in France.

The more contact with Li Mu, the more afraid the Queen was that the second assumption would come true.

Therefore, the Queen secretly decided that the Windsor family must return the favor as soon as possible!

Immediately, she pulled her eldest son, Charles, and whispered a few words in his ear.