Chapter 938

Song Zhilei hated Wei Lan so much that even he didn't know how to describe it.

In short, his life's work was ruined by Wei Lan, and his future was ruined. To Song Zhilei, even if Wei Lan died ten times, it wouldn't be enough to vent his hatred.

The main reason why Song Zhilei didn't make any moves in the past period of time was that he didn't dare to risk his life. But now it was different. This time, Song Zhilei had decided that once he left Huaxia, he would never come back. Therefore, before he left, it was the last chance for him to make Wei Lan pay the price.

At this time, Wei Lan had already disappeared into the unit's door. The driver said to Song Zhilei with a lewd expression, "Brother Lei, this girl is really f * cking hot!

When the time comes, can you let the brothers … "

Song Zhilei sneered, "When we get the money, the brothers can play with her however they want!"

With that, Song Zhilei's expression turned ferocious, and he gritted his teeth, "But I'll say this first, I'll be the first to do it!"

Kidnap her, f * ck her, get the money, and then kill her. This was the script that Song Zhilei had set for Wei Lan.

The driver hurriedly said, "Of course!

When Brother Lei, you're done playing with her, then the brothers will do it! "

With that said, the driver asked again, "Brother Lei, do you think we can really earn tens of millions by kidnapping this girl?"

Song Zhilei didn't answer his question, but said, "The man who drove her just now is called Li Mu. Before she tricked me, this Li Mu promised her 800 million. If she's kidnapped, as long as she asks Li Mu for the money, Li Mu will definitely give it to her!"

The driver exclaimed, "800 million in cash, wouldn't it take a truck to transport it?"

Song Zhilei snorted, "How can we get 800 million in cash? If the whole plan goes smoothly, we'll be thanking the gods if we can get a few tens of millions."

The driver was stunned for a while, then he wiped his mouth and laughed, "Brother Lei, don't worry, the brothers will listen to your orders!"

Song Zhilei nodded. Looking at the time, he waved his hand and said, "Let's go. We'll start tomorrow night and find an opportunity to strike!"

The driver immediately started the car and slowly drove out of Wei Lan's neighborhood. Once they were out of the neighborhood and on the main road, the driver thought of something while changing gears. He asked Song Zhilei, "Brother Lei, you said the guy who gave that pretty girl a ride is called Li Mu. Why does this name sound so familiar?"

Song Zhilei gritted his teeth and said, "The internet prodigy mentioned by the media, the boss of Makino Technology and Taobao, Li Mu, haven't you heard of him?"

The driver immediately reacted and exclaimed, "F * ck!

The boss of YY?!

Damn, this guy is richer than that woman!

Brother Lei, why don't we just tie him up too? "

Song Zhilei looked at him as if he was looking at an idiot. "Why did your idol kidnap Li Jiacheng's son instead of Li Jiacheng?"

The driver was stunned. "Yes, why?"

"F * cking retard."

Song Zhilei spat and said with a look of disdain, "If you kidnap Li Jiacheng's son, you can ask Li Jiacheng for money. If you kidnap Li Jiacheng, who will you ask for money from?"

The driver thought for a long time before he understood. He smiled awkwardly and scratched his head. "Brother Lei is really thoughtful …"

Song Zhilei said hatefully, "Li Mu's net worth is 10 billion, and he promised Wei Lan 800 million for the purchase. If I kidnap Wei Lan, a public figure like him who cares about his image will definitely give me the money without hesitation. Besides, it's not his money. Even if I give him 800 million, he won't feel bad."

When he thought of Li Mu, Song Zhilei's heart was also filled with hatred. However, he did not lose his rationality. He knew that he absolutely did not dare to touch Li Mu.

With Li Mu's current influence, if he touched him, it would be useless even if he successfully escaped to Australia. Besides, he was also a person with a discerning eye. Just now, when he was hiding in the car, he had already seen the Benz S-class car behind Li Mu's car. He could almost conclude that the person sitting in the car was Li Mu's bodyguard. Therefore, the idea of touching Li Mu could only remain in his mind.

…

On the night of September 28th.

The Taobao 929 promotion that everyone was paying attention to had entered the final countdown stage. Just like on the day of the brand day, the entire Taobao website was on standby. Naturally, this included Li Mu.

Before coming to the company in the morning, Li Mu had already made preparations in advance to stay up all night on Taobao. He deliberately packed a set of travel toothpaste, toothbrushes, soap, and towels for washing his face in his bag. No matter what, as a boss, he had to pay attention to his image in front of so many employees. He could not fight with everyone in the middle of the night with a dirty face and a greasy face.

The 929 promotion this time was very different from the brand day. The brand day mostly used the method of pre-sale, so the volume of the entire brand day was already very clear before the brand day began. However, for the 929 promotion this time, Taobao website did not carry out any pre-sale activities. Therefore, what everyone was nervously looking forward to was the moment when midnight started. The trading volume on the platform continued to rise. No one knew how much sales this Taobao promotion could create this time. Even Li Mu himself was not very confident.

However, some other data indirectly reflected the attention that Taobao users were paying to this event.

Under the high-intensity promotion offensive, the number of registered users on the platform increased by nearly 20 million. The total number of visits to the event's related pages in the past few days, which was the total number of PVs, exceeded one billion. According to the eight-day promotion period, the average daily number of PVs exceeded 160 million.

The average daily number of visitors, which was the average daily number of UVs, was about 13 million. The average number of page visits per capita was a website that had more than 10 page visits per capita. The quality of the content must be extremely high. This proved that most users were very interested in the content of the website.

In addition to the website data, the marketing department had also done some street surveys and statistics.

In the past two days, the marketing department had sent a number of street survey teams to conduct nearly a hundred street surveys in various regions of Beijing and the surrounding provinces and cities. The survey areas were all chosen in the urban area. The age of the passers-by who were surveyed ranged from 15 to 55 years old. Each survey randomly selected a hundred people to be interviewed. In the end, a number of very meaningful data was obtained:

First, in nearly a hundred surveys of a hundred people, on average, 88% of the people had heard of the 929 promotion on Taobao website. 70% of the people had obtained the information through television media

Second, in nearly a hundred surveys of a hundred people, on average, 79% of the people had clearly expressed that they were very interested in the 929 promotion on Taobao website. They would consider buying some special goods on the day of the 929 promotion

Thirdly, in nearly a hundred surveys, an average of 23% of people were registered users of Taobao, and 80% of them were between the ages of 18 to 28.

These sets of data showed that the promotion effect of Taobao website was indeed very powerful. Among the urban population between the ages of 15 and 55, the coverage rate had reached 88%. It could almost be said that the advertisement of Taobao website 929 had successfully covered most of the urban population in the country.

At the same time, the content of the 929 promotion on Taobao website was indeed very attractive to most people. This was different from Brand Day.

On Brand Day, Taobao website sold almost all electronic products. For most consumers, Brand Day did not arouse their desire to buy, but the 929 promotion was different. This time, Taobao website promoted everything from daily necessities, daily necessities, clothing, shoes, and hats. The customer price was low, and almost all of them were necessities of life. Most of them were fast consumer goods. The low price and reassuring quality made most consumers tempted.

However, the last set of data also showed that although most users had the urge to buy things on the day of the 929 promotion on Taobao website, only a small number of users had registered on Taobao website. This process of knowing how to operate a computer and register for the website and Alipay was still very difficult for most users.

After seeing this series of data, Li Mu realized that there was a very important problem at the moment. It was how to help those users who were interested in placing orders on Taobao but did not have the ability to complete the purchase process themselves.

Perhaps Auntie Li upstairs wanted to use this promotion to buy a few bags of rice. Uncle Wang downstairs also wanted to take advantage of the approaching winter to buy a cheap and affordable cotton-padded jacket for his wife. Auntie Zhao opposite wanted to buy a set of skincare products, but they did not know how to operate it. They did not know how to place an order, register for Alipay, or bind a bank card. This situation was very awkward. Consumers wanted to spend on their own platform, but they were blocked by the technical threshold.

Therefore, this time, Li Mu had temporarily planned an additional activity policy of "Prize Order". The details of the activity were: On the day of the activity, any ID that completed more than one order, and the transaction amount of each order exceeded 100 yuan, from the second order onwards, the user would be able to get an additional prize coupon.

The amount of the prize coupon was 5% of the corresponding order amount, and it could be used in combination with other full discount coupons.

In other words, if User A completed three orders on the day of 929, and each order was exactly 100 yuan, then from the second order onwards, he could get two 5 yuan coupons.

The prize coupon could be used for orders of 99 yuan, and each order was limited to one.

To put it bluntly, Li Mu had opened a commission mechanism for all users. As long as your account could complete more orders, he would give you a 5% rebate. If you had a lot of things to buy, then you could also split your orders and take this opportunity to get additional coupons. It was only 5% of the transaction amount. Li Mu did not care about this little bit of money at all, so if you wanted to take advantage of this loophole, you could drill it. The more you drilled, the happier Li Mu would be.

What Li Mu really wanted was for registered Taobao users to actively help others complete orders. He wanted users to take the initiative to help Auntie Li upstairs who wanted to buy rice, Uncle Wang downstairs who wanted to buy cotton-padded jackets, and Auntie Zhao who wanted to buy skincare products. Helping them place orders was not only helping others, but he could also get an extra coupon. When he bought things, he could get a real full discount. Why not?

Although it was only 5%, if he helped others complete an order of 1,000 yuan, he could get a 50 yuan coupon. This 50 yuan coupon could be used when it reached 99 yuan, and he could save himself 50 yuan.

Li Mu did not expect all Taobao users to be attracted by this 5% extra incentive, but as long as he could mobilize the enthusiasm of 10% of users, 10% of users would help others place orders everywhere, and it would also bring an extremely large number of actual orders and sales to the entire platform.

At ten o 'clock in the evening, almost all the employees of Taobao were on duty.

The company purposely bought a hundred folding army beds, and placed them in every available space for the tired employees to rest at any time. At the same time, they also bought eye masks and earplugs for every employee. There were also all kinds of drinks and snacks piled up in every corner, basically ensuring that when anyone was tired, there would be a place to lie down and take a nap. With earplugs and eye masks, there would be less interference from the surrounding environment. When thirsty, there would be energy drinks, and when hungry, there would be snacks.

The entire Taobao was in a state of impending war. All the employees were exceptionally excited and nervous, and the atmosphere in the company was exceptionally lively. Although it was full of uncertainty, every Taobao employee knew very well that a big show was about to begin. They were about to create a new history in the next 24 hours!

Just as Li Mu, Liu Shixiong, Lei Jianguo, and all the other employees were unable to contain their excitement and were waiting for the big show, the exhausted Wei Lan also drove her car out of the basement of Wan Ying Real Estate's office building.