Chapter 889

After Li Mu released two smokescreens for Boss Ma, he immediately started to prepare for the specific plan of digging a big hole for Boss Ma.

Lin Ching-ah had already taken care of the media resources, and Li Mu would take care of the remaining celebrity resources.

The sales of celebrity Tieba and Taobao audio and video products made Li Mu completely realize the great role of celebrities. Therefore, this time, he planned to invite at least ten to twenty A-list celebrities to shoot brainwashing advertisements for Taobao.

The positioning of Li Mu's advertising routine was very simple. Each celebrity would have a separate advertising slogan: "Go to Taobao when you buy online — Happy Taobao, all in Taobao!"

Then, he would make a set of general advertising clips. This clip would introduce the coverage of this Taobao promotion, the great strength of the full discount, and the activities of grabbing the full 199-100 and 199-198 coupons at the fastest speed.

At that time, what he would have to do was to have different celebrities represent Taobao on different TV stations and different time slots to say this advertising slogan.

Such a big mobile phone, the audience would probably be stunned.

After watching this advertisement done by Zhou Jielun, they might not have a very deep impression of it. When they turned their heads, Wang Lihong came out again and did the same advertisement.

After changing the TV station, the advertisement changed to Du Wei again. Halfway through the TV series, Zhang Kexuan jumped out and said the same advertising slogan.

In addition, there might be Yu Quan Group, Sun Yanzi, Mo Wenwei, Zhang Guorong, Xiao Yaxuan …

If a few different celebrities did the same advertisement in a row, it would definitely give the audience a deep impression of brainwashing. It might even make Taobao a phenomenon and become a hot topic of discussion among the people of the country. And "Go to Taobao when you buy online — Happy Taobao, all in Taobao!"

This advertising slogan was very likely to achieve the brainwashing effect of "No gifts accepted this year's festival. Even if we do accept gifts, we'll still accept Brain Platinum"!

At present, Li Mu was very clear about his various advantages. The most powerful star resources were the resources of singers. Because now that he was promoting a singer with potential through all channels, he or she would at least bring tens of thousands of album sales to him or her. At the same time, it would rapidly increase the singer's exposure and reputation, and his or her overall value would rise like a rocket.

Therefore, Li Mu did not dare to say anything else, but most of the singers from the mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, as well as the record companies and management companies behind them, would agree to promote him for free.

However, the influence of film and television stars was slightly weaker. The domestic box office had yet to rise, mainly because the construction of the cinema chain could not keep up and the habit of watching movies in the cinema had not been cultivated. In short, there was not enough soil in the market. Therefore, even if YY helped to promote some movies, the actual box office earnings would not be very high.

Regarding this, Li Mu pinned his hopes on his own cinema chain and online ticket system. Now that the former was under construction, the latter was in the final stage of development and testing. It was estimated that the cinema chain and online ticket system would be completely settled before the release of his two movies.

At that time, he would have a way to encourage netizens to form the habit of watching movies in the cinema. From there, he would be able to further promote the box office market and control the box office in his hands. At that time, his influence on film stars might even surpass that of singers.

In one go, Li Mu selected twenty A-list singers and groups from the mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, and then got his subordinates to start contacting these twenty singers. The content of the contacting was very simple. He just told them that Taobao would be holding an online promotion this month and hoped that they could make a trip to Beijing to help shoot a video advertisement. The length of the advertisement would not exceed ten seconds. In return, Taobao would work with Makino Technology to give all participating singers a chance to promote through all channels.

As soon as this news was released, he received a clear reply from everyone within half a day. Every singer gave an official reply in person or through their agency, confirming that they were willing to participate in Taobao's promotion. There was no exception.

When the news was sent back to Li Mu, Li Mu was quite happy. Indeed, the one with the resources would rule the world. At present, his own resources were enough to make these stars flock to him. If his blog went online and became popular again, then he could incubate Weibo, combine it with the online ticket system, control the box office of the cinema chain, control the sales of audio and video products …

He estimated that by that time, he would definitely be the godfather of the entertainment industry. That was because he controlled all the upstream and downstream resources of the entertainment industry. He had users and traffic upstream, and he could make any star and their works popular. He had channels downstream, and he could help the stars sell albums, box office, and fan economy. He was simply a god-like existence!

…

While Li Mu was focusing his energy on Taobao and planning how to stop Boss Ma, YY's popularity continued overseas.

In the United States, YY had more than 150,000 new downloads per day, and more than 200,000 new registered users. Moreover, the subscription rate was still high. The willingness of users to pay for YY stunned the Internet companies in the country.

More and more media outlets in the United States began to pay attention to YY, and reports on YY once again flooded in. This time, the media outlets had a tacit understanding of each other. Most of the media outlets used the same headline: YY is setting off a revolution in the office.

It was indeed an office revolution!

In the latest issue of Silicon Valley's most famous and authoritative technology magazine, Silicon-Valley-Magazine, reported in detail how YY was like a tornado, sweeping through all of Silicon Valley's elites.

In this report, the magazine's editor-in-chief was generous with his praise for YY. He said, "YY contains all kinds of amazing product functions, and it has revolutionized the entire online office. In Silicon Valley, almost all companies use YY for work discussions and interactions. Except for the most core secrets, almost everyone can't live without YY."

The editor-in-chief even said that YY was now not only the best partner and tool for his work, but it was also an excellent medium for his social networking at work. Due to the needs of his work, he added almost all of his good friends who had business dealings with him into YY. He also used YY's custom grouping function to manage collaborators from different companies and fields. Discussing work on YY was like eating at a Michelin three-star restaurant. One would feel that one's work had become a form of enjoyment.

In addition to introducing the product and his own dependence on the product, the editor-in-chief also used several other angles to reflect the impact of YY on the elites.

First of all, Foxmail and similar email management software had almost been completely abandoned by the Silicon Valley elites. This was because everyone was more used to adding their work email into YY, and YY would send out reminders on their behalf. YY's reminders were always so timely, and the user friendliness was perfect.

Second, the number of multi-party calls at work had significantly decreased. Everyone could set up a group voice chat anytime, anywhere, which was more convenient than multi-person phone calls, and it was completely free.

Third, the traditional video conference terminal had almost been completely abandoned. The popularity of the internet in the United States was much better than that of Hua Xia. Whether it was the speed or the stability of the internet, they were all more advanced than Hua Xia. In the United States, the internet bandwidth was enough to support stable YY group video communication. It was more convenient, suitable for mobile work, and completely free.

Finally, the editor-in-chief also appropriately criticized YY. In his opinion, he personally needed to create more groups, or else the number of groups would not be enough. This drove him crazy. He could only register a few sub-accounts. Whenever there was a need to create a group, he would use the sub-account to become a member, create a group, and then add his real number into the group. That way, he would use his real number to add the partners he wanted to chat with in the group.

The editor-in-chief's original words were: "I would like to use this magazine to say hello to this Hua Xia bro named Li Mu. If you can read this article, I would like to tell you that I am your fan. In my heart, you are the most advanced product manager in the internet industry today. There is no one else like you. Yes!

You are not wrong. You are the most advanced, there is no one else like you! "

After that, the editor-in-chief added: "As your hardcore fan, I would like to give you some personal advice.

First of all, I hope you can open up the rights to register for more groups. If you can, I am willing to pay you ten dollars for each group, or even more!

"Also!

The offline file transfer function is very useful, but the current offline space is not enough for me. Moreover, the server can only be maintained for 72 hours. Sometimes, it is not enough. I hope you can open up more custom rights for us. Isn't it just money?

I've already prepared it. Please take it away quickly!

"Finally!

I hope you can pay attention to us American users and overseas users from other countries. We are not from Hua Xia, so we can't use YY's designated Alipay to pay. Now, we can only use eBay's scalpers to pay on our behalf. This is too troublesome.

"Also, dear Li Mu, do you know that you have done so much for us and only charge a monthly membership fee of 1.2 dollars? However, these scalpers can charge you 0.8 dollars a month just by topping up your Alipay account on eBay. Seeing that so much money is being earned by these scalpers, why don't you work with PayPal?

At this stage, they only charge 1-2% for the service fee! "

Finally, the editor-in-chief, who claimed to be Li Mu's hardcore fan, said humorously: "Oh, by the way, Li Mu, by the way, I heard that a large company in Seattle that starts with M and ends with T has an instant messaging product that is actively copying your YY group. I believe it will be tested and released soon. I don't mean anything else, I just hope that you can know about it."

Li Mu, the "hardcore fan" from the most authoritative magazine in Silicon Valley, did not forget to reveal to Li Mu the movements of potential competitors after praising YY. A large company that starts with M and ends with T was obviously Microsoft, because Microsoft's English name was Microsoft, and Microsoft happened to have an instant messaging software — MSN.

The article written by the editor-in-chief of the authoritative magazine caused a huge response among the American elites, the IT industry, and the capital market once it was published. The popularity of Makino Technology and YY in the United States and the entire overseas market was once again increased.