Chapter 1422

Li Mu had to admit that the feeling of beating up Apple was exhilarating!

This feeling was like beating up Muhammad Ali. But he had traveled back in time and beat up Muhammad Ali when he was three to five years old.

But Li Mu still felt exhilarated. Anyway, there were no laws protecting underage companies in the financial industry.

As someone who was reborn from the future, Li Mu had respect for Apple. But this respect was not enough to offset the threat that Apple will bring to Makino Technology in the future. So, as a qualified businessman, Li Mu had no feelings or respect for Apple. All he had was a matter of life and death.

Imagine if he did not interfere with Apple's development. A few years later, the iPhone will take over the world, and the API Store will become a powerful tool for Apple because of the iPhone's success. Apple is famous for its toughness. At that time, Makino Technology's YY and other applications will be released in the API Store, but 30% of the value-added income will be given to Apple. What will happen?

Imagine if Apple relied on the iPhone and iPad to quickly gather the global hardware industry's profits into its pocket. That will not be 12 or 12 billion USD. It will be hundreds of billions or even trillions of USD. Li Mu did not have the ability to snatch trillions of USD worth of oil from the Middle East. But he still had the chance to snatch the trillions of USD worth of Apple's future market value.

Now, Apple was beaten by Feng Yu, and Microsoft came over to sabotage them. If Feng Yu continued to increase the pressure on Apple, Apple will not be able to escape bankruptcy. Also, Apple's current size was not big enough, and the US government will not see its potential and will not step out to protect it.

So, Li Mu felt that the possibility of acquiring Apple was very high. Apple's value had plummeted to this extent. Other than himself, who else would be willing to take over?

Even if someone were to take over, they would definitely lower the price. To Feng Yu, money was not the most important thing. Even if he had to pay a premium to Apple, it would be worth it to take over this company.

Also, Li Mu did not just want to be a shareholder of Apple. He wanted to become the controlling shareholder of Apple and have the majority of the voting rights. Then, he could apply to Nasdaq to privatize Apple and buy back all the Apple shares. Then, Apple would be delisted from Nasdaq.

Once the acquisition was completed and the privatization was completed, Apple would become a 100% owned subsidiary of Makino Technology. In that case, there might be no more Apple in the future. Li Mu could just wave his hand and merge Apple into Mango. From then on, Apple will become Mango, and the pride of the US will become the adopted child of Hua Xia's company.

Li Mu carefully considered the feasibility of this and deduced the operating model after acquiring Apple. Apple's greatest value was not Steve Jobs, not Tim Cook, not anyone else, but Apple's core technology and products. Now, Apple's operating system team was large enough, and it had almost completed the Mac OS. With the foundation of Apple's technology and the R&D team, he could make the IOS system, iPhone, and iPad without Steve Jobs.

For Apple, Steve Jobs was a strategic commander and product manager. In that era, Steve Jobs's strategy could be said to be invincible. But as someone who witnessed all of his efforts and the miracle of Apple's market value skyrocketing from US $300 billion to US $900 billion after Steve Jobs's death, Li Mu no longer believed in the image of Steve Jobs as an "Almighty God." As long as he gave him Apple's technology and R&D talent, and a CEO like Tim Cook who understood the market and was not pretentious, Apple, or Mango, would definitely be a great success.

…

In order to witness the collapse of Apple's stock price with their own eyes, Li Mu and Li Ziwei stayed up until four or five o 'clock in the morning. Li Mu slept on the office sofa for a few hours, but his mind was filled with thoughts of how to acquire and privatize Apple. Although the quality of his sleep was poor, he was extremely excited.

Li Ziwei returned to her office and did not bother to rest. Instead, she immediately contacted the liaison person at Sequoia's headquarters. For Sequoia Capital, a company like Makino Technology was simply their biggest investment project at the moment. It was also the investment project that they were most optimistic about. Therefore, the entire Sequoia Capital, from top to bottom, maintained a 24-hour service for Makino Technology.

On the phone, Li Ziwei conveyed Li Mu's request to the liaison person at Sequoia. She told them that he hoped they could send a senior executive who was proficient in US stock market operations to come over and talk to Li Mu as soon as possible. However, Li Ziwei did not tell Sequoia the reason and purpose of Li Mu's request.

However, Sequoia Capital was a group of old foxes. Li Mu just hammered Apple half to death, and then he wanted to understand the capital operation of the US stock market. This was definitely not for Makino Technology's IPO. It must be related to Apple.

Could it be that Li Mu wanted to take advantage of the collapse of Apple's stock price to buy Apple?!

Sequoia Capital could not see any future prospects for Apple. The operating system had always been suppressed by Microsoft, and the computer business was not very promising. The most profitable iPod and iTunes now seemed to be almost dead. If Sequoia were to look at such a company, the investment value would not even reach C-grade.

However, even if Sequoia was surprised, they did not dare to neglect Li Mu. Therefore, they immediately sent a senior VP to fly to Hua Xia on the private jet of the boss of Sequoia Capital at six o 'clock in the afternoon in the US.

At six o 'clock in the morning in Beijing, the plane took off from the US. Because the range of the medium-sized business jet was not enough, the plane needed to land midway to refuel. Normally, the overall flight time was about 15 hours. When the plane landed in Beijing, it happened to be the opening time of the US stock market on Tuesday.

…

New York, Wall Street.

All the capitalists were still immersed in today's precipitous collapse of Apple's stock price.

This time, they saw another kind of force.

It was a force that was not at the capital level, but purely targeted at the business level.

When the business level suffered a devastating blow, any capital operation was meaningless. Just like today's Apple stock price, the whole world was filled with the news of Makino Technology's Mango-ME2. Almost all the YY users around the world became YYtunes users in just a few days. This huge negative impact had hit Apple into a black hole, and no one could save it.

And this also let people see the strength of Makino Technology. As a company that started with software, its only hardware product line was Mango-ME. Moreover, this product line only had two generations of products, but it destroyed Apple, which had been rooted in the hardware field for decades. This kind of offensive ability was simply incredible.

The capitalists could not help but speculate. With such a terrifying existence like Makino Technology, if it announced an IPO one day, what kind of crazy capital feast would it be?

Cupertino, California.

The Apple headquarters was shrouded in a thick haze.

The members of the board of directors all had serious expressions. For them, today was equivalent to the end of the world.

The blow from Makino Technology was like a huge meteorite that was about to hit the earth. Judging from the earth's defensive capabilities, it would not be able to stop it at all.

An hour before the market closed, the senior research company in the United States released the results of the survey. It showed that the recovery strategy developed by Jobs was basically useless.

Even if Apple reduced the price of the iPod 3 by 10%, more than 90% of potential users still gave up on buying it.

When the members of the board of directors sat in the conference room without saying a word, another piece of news fell from the sky like a bolt from the blue:

Today, Apple received statistics from Apple-Stores and distributors all over the country. The number of consumers who applied for after-sales service had reached more than 500,000 in one day.

What made Apple's scalp numb was that most of these consumers did not come to collect the 10% subsidy, they came to return the goods...

Apple's no-reason return policy was within 14 days of purchase, which was infinitely close to the 15 days limit of 10% price difference that they had just set. Therefore, what Apple did not expect was that basically all the consumers who met this time limit applied for a return instead of taking the 10% subsidy.

Returning the goods and waiting for Mango-ME2 was the biggest wish of these users.

This was not just because Mango-ME2 had a better design and was extremely cost-effective, but also because YYtunes was too f * cking useful. These days, music lovers all over the world were fascinated with online social interaction with music lovers all over the world through music.

The number of comments on Michael Jackson's hit songs had exceeded one million. This data perfectly reflected the user's love for this software.

And Li Mu's "opinion leader" mode had also begun to play a role. In the past few days, YYtunes had given birth to hundreds of "opinion leaders" with more than 10,000 fans around the world. The in-depth cross-fertilization and learning of users had begun to take effect.

Under the influence of YYtunes, users looked forward to Mango-ME2 even more. This was because when Makino Technology released Mango-ME2, Mango-ME2 would be deeply integrated with YYtunes. At that time, Mango-ME2 users would not only be more convenient to download songs through YYtunes, but they would also be able to download song lyrics, song essence reviews, and download the listening information of each song's friends. For example, if a user downloaded Michael Jackson's song, not only would he be able to download the lyrics and essence reviews at the same time, but he could also see how many of his friends had also listened to the song through the Mango-ME2's display.

Since Mango-ME2 did not have a network module, it could not be connected to the network. Therefore, this information could only be downloaded through the PC and then synchronized to the player through the data cable. Even so, Mango-ME2 had risen from a simple player to the level of half an "Internet hardware". Social and interactive information could be synchronized to Mango-ME2. When it came to Mango-ME3 or 4, perhaps they could consider replacing the color display and adding a WIFI display module. At that time, it would have half the characteristics of iTunes.

From the perspective of future generations, this little innovation seemed to be nothing. However, in this era where the mobile Internet had not yet been born, being able to download more Internet information to their own mobile hardware was definitely a huge surprise for users.

Moreover, who knew what other interesting experiments Makino Technology would make between YYtunes and Mango-ME2?

Therefore, owning a Mango-ME2 was the most important thing at the moment.