Chapter 235

After the four branch presidents invited by Xu Jiaming arrived, Xu Jiaming stated his own requirements. He wanted to build an online payment platform to prepare for 3321's next move out of Yan Jing.

Online banking was a concept that had been developed in China since the late 1990s. At that time, when the major banks completed their first online transfer, it was reported on by the TV news. This meant that China's banking services had caught up with the trend of the world and entered the Internet era.

But in the following years, the development of online banking in China had stagnated. Other than a small number of people who knew and dared to use online transfer, most people were still unfamiliar with online banking.

The four presidents were also surprised that Li Mu wanted to set up a payment platform for 3321. The president of the Agricultural Bank of China's branch, Di Yuan, asked Li Mu, "Will there be technical problems in the future for 3321 to set up an online payment platform?

For example, if there's no notification from your system after the user has made the payment, will it affect the bank's complaint rate if there's a dispute? "

Li Mu smiled, "I need to set up an online payment platform in all of your branches. But to the users, no matter which bank they are from, as long as they use Alipay to transfer money, they will see the information that they have transferred the money from the bank to Alipay. So they will think that the money is sent to Alipay. As long as the bank clearly reminds the user that the payment has been deducted, the user will definitely contact us if there's any problem with Alipay's feedback."

Di Yuan nodded and asked Li Mu, "What about the funds?

How does the user pay 3321 through Alipay through our bank's online banking service? "

Li Mu smiled, "All the funds will be deposited into Alipay's accounts in the branches. We will entrust this money to you and accept the supervision of the central bank."

The president of ICBC, Hu Qiyun, asked Li Mu, "I'm not sure if I understand it correctly. Is Alipay going to open an account in all four of our banks and entrust it to us? Also, when the user transfers money to Alipay from the four major banks, will the money be directly transferred to Alipay's account in the bank?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "President Hu, your understanding is correct. If I open an account with your branch, then in the future, all the 3321 users will be transferred to the Alipay account in your branch when they pay through ICBC online banking."

Then, Li Mu added, "Currently, 3321 has a few million in cash flow every week. If we expand to other cities in the future, we might even have tens of millions of cash flow every week. At that time, every sum of money will be deposited in the bank account for a period of time. At that time, when 3321 is promoted nationwide, we will also use the four major groups as support units."

When Li Mu said that tens of millions of yuan might be deposited in Alipay every week, the four branch presidents were a little surprised. Although they didn't need to carry out the task of collecting deposits in person, it was still counted in their work performance. The deposit of tens of millions of yuan every week was not a trivial matter for any branch. What was more, Li Mu wanted to do them a favor by giving the green light to Alipay, which was naturally beneficial to them and harmless.

However, Li Mu did not say the future development direction of Alipay. Li Mu had been communicating with them through 3321, making them think that Alipay was a derivative of 3321. But as long as Alipay opened up the interface of bank payments, this payment channel would become the most important in the future development of the Internet industry. If they wanted to make money from the Internet, how could they do it without their own payment channel?

Using someone else's third-party payment channel was equivalent to putting the switch of the artery in someone else's hands. Someone else could strangle this artery at any time.

In the future, Tencent would crazily attract hundreds of millions of Chinese people to snatch red packets on WeChat. This was to open up the market for WeChat Payment and compete with Alipay. Without WeChat, Tencent would definitely be in danger in the mobile Internet era.

The four presidents also did not know how the Internet Payment could be developed. They only felt that this was a tool that Li Mu wanted to use to support 3321. They did not know that Li Mu's biggest goal was to turn it into a platform.

For the four presidents, the problem in front of them was extremely simple. They had to cooperate with Li Mu with all their strength. Not to mention their relationship with Xu Jiaming, just the public welfare effect of 3321 and the cash flow in their bank accounts in the future were enough to make them unable to refuse.

Actually, Li Mu was confident that even without his relationship with Hui Ka Ming, he would still be able to convince the banks. But the problem was that he did not know anyone in the bank, and it would be very difficult for him to get in touch with a President. But Hui Ka Ming was different. With just a phone call from him, all the presidents of the four major banks would do him the honor of meeting him. This was the use of connections. Sometimes, success or failure could be separated by a thin veil. Once it was broken, everything would become clear.

The four presidents made the decision on the spot. Next week, they would open up Alipay as an online payment merchant and sign a cooperation agreement with Alipay. With Hui Ka Ming's help, Li Mu believed that there would be a lot of room for negotiation.

For example, if there was no Hui Ka Ming, the banks might have a strict requirement for the funds to be deposited in Alipay's account. But with Hui Ka Ming around, Li Mu believed that there would be a lot of room for negotiation.

In addition, Li Mu had also been worried about the connection of Alipay with other channels in the future. If there was a discerning person in the bank, he would restrict the freedom of Alipay to adapt to other platforms in the contract of Alipay, and then use this to negotiate the conditions. Things would become a little passive.

Li Mu verbally discussed the details of the contract with the four presidents. On the above two points, they all promised verbally that they would give Alipay absolute freedom without any restrictions.

That was enough.

Li Mu was relieved and negotiated a time to sign the contract with the four presidents. From next Monday to Tuesday, two banks would sign the contract every day. The details of the contract were the same, and it was guaranteed to be fair.

Hui Ka Ming said to Li Mu, "I happen to be free next week. Didn't you crash your car? I will accompany you to sign the contract and be your chauffeur."

Before Li Mu could say anything, the four presidents beside him were shocked. They did not expect Hui Ka Ming to be so polite to Li Mu. Not only did he help to pull some strings, he even wanted to accompany Li Mu to sign the contract.