Chapter 66

Li Mu didn't find it strange that Su Yingxue ran into an acquaintance while eating. Haizhou City was small, and as the old saying went, it was no bigger than an egg. In a small city like this, running into acquaintances was something that happened several times a day.

However, it was interesting to run into an acquaintance who happened to be in the same exam room as him.

Li Mu didn't deny it in front of Cao Ruru and nodded. "Yes, it was me."

Su Yingxue immediately smiled and said, "Aiya, Ruru has always seen you as her idol. She said that she's never seen such a quick-witted young man in her life. You scared the invigilator green with just one sentence."

"I was mainly in a hurry to take the exam, so I couldn't be considered quick-witted."

That day, Li Mu put on a pretentious act in front of the invigilator of Fifth High, which really stunned all the high school students in the same exam room. Young people at this age had an inexplicable admiration for those who dared to do what they didn't dare to do.

Li Mu didn't think that what happened that day was worthy of being admired by his peers. He just wanted to defend his right to take the college entrance exam.

Cao Ruru said with a smile, "The main thing is that the invigilator is too hateful. In front of such a big event like the college entrance exam, he still had to put on airs. If it was another student who was put in a difficult position that day, who knows how much their mentality would be affected."

Su Yingxue also nodded repeatedly and said to Li Mu, "When I first heard Ruru talk about it, I also agreed with what you did. You have to be tough when dealing with people who have no morals."

At this time, Cao Ruru looked at the two of them and said with a smile, "I won't disturb you guys anymore. My friend is still waiting for me, so I'll head over first."

Su Yingxue said goodbye to Cao Ruru, and Li Mu also nodded politely. After Cao Ruru left, Su Yingxue sat down again and said, "In the past, everyone who graduated from Old Yucheng High School knew this restaurant. Even after I entered high school, I can basically see my former middle school classmates every time I come here."

Li Mu said with a smile, "The main thing is that the taste is really delicious. This dry dish is especially authentic. It's almost the local taste of Chengdu."

"You've been to Chengdu?"

Su Yingxue's big eyes were filled with surprise. "I went there once with my mother when I was in junior high and stayed in Chengdu for more than ten days. I really liked the life there. In the words of the locals, it was extremely comfortable. Most importantly, the food there was delicious!"

"I went there a long time ago. It is indeed a very comfortable city."

Li Mu's words carried a hint of emotion. In his previous life, he had also liked Chengdu very much. He had once been sent to the Chengdu branch office to work for more than half a year. He had a deep impression of that place's lifestyle, delicious food, and beautiful women.

Su Yingxue smiled, "I was planning to travel this summer and told my parents that I wanted to go to Chengdu by myself. My parents agreed at the start, but my aunt insisted that I go to Beijing."

"You want to go to Chengdu by yourself?" Li Mu asked curiously, "Do you have relatives or friends there?"

"No." Su Yingxue took a sip of Coke and looked at Li Mu with her clear eyes. "Do you want to go to Tibet?"

"Tibet?

Potala Palace or Mount Everest? "

"Both."

Su Yingxue chuckled and said with a little disappointment, "I've always wanted to go there, but my parents have never agreed to take me there. I want to make an excuse to go to Chengdu to play, and then take a plane from Chengdu to Tibet."

Li Mu shook his head gently. "It's too dangerous for you to go to Tibet by yourself, especially by plane. You might get high as soon as you get off the plane."

Su Yingxue looked surprised. "Is it that serious?"

"Yes." There was a rare seriousness between Li Mu's eyebrows.

"After all, it's a plateau. Altitude contrast can be fatal. The cabin of the plane is pressurized, so when you fly up, you won't feel the increase in altitude. Once the cabin door opens, you'll have to face an altitude of about 4,000 meters. It's very easy to have altitude contrast the moment you get off the plane."

Su Yingxue asked doubtfully, "Then what should I do?"

Thinking that the Qinghai-Tibet Railway had not been opened yet, Li Mu said, "Like many people, I also yearn to go to Tibet. However, it is said that the greatest joy of going to Tibet is the beautiful scenery along the way, so I think I must travel to Tibet by myself in the future."

"By yourself?"

Su Yingxue frowned slightly. It was still too far away for two 18-year-old young people to discuss driving into Tibet by themselves.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Not only can you enjoy the unparalleled scenery along the way by yourself, but you will also have less altitude sickness than taking a plane. If you can find more friends and form a convoy of three to five cars to set off together, it will be even more wonderful."

As he said this, Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue. "Not only will you face high altitude sickness in Tibet, but you also have to face the harsh natural environment. Not being able to adapt to the cultural environment is also a problem, so it is very risky for a person to go to Tibet alone. Even people who travel by themselves will form a team of a few cars and look after each other. Otherwise, once the car breaks down in the plateau, there will be no village ahead or shop behind, and you won't even be able to wait for rescue. At night, the temperature will drop, and people will die. Fortunately, your aunt let you go to Yan Jing. Your idea is too childish."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu with eyes full of surprise. She suddenly felt a little ashamed in her heart. She had always thought that her mind was more mature and independent than her peers, but she did not expect that her bold and extremely bold plan to travel alone was so childish in Li Mu's eyes.

This guy seemed to have suddenly matured a lot, and he was already far ahead of his peers on the road of growth.

Su Yingxue rarely showed weakness in front of a boy of the same age as she did today and felt ashamed. After listening to Li Mu talk about the stakes, she said in a muffled voice, "I understand, I thought too simply."

After saying this, Su Yingxue stared at Li Mu with sparkling eyes and asked expectantly, "Will you choose to drive into Tibet by yourself in the future?"

Li Mu nodded. "If the conditions are right, I definitely will. Driving a good off-road vehicle to conquer the 318 National Highway should be every man's dream."

Su Yingxue was smart enough not to ask Li Mu what the 318 National Highway was. Instead, she silently remembered it in her heart and said to Li Mu, "If there is such a day, you have to leave the front passenger seat for me."

"Okay." Li Mu answered without hesitation, as if it was a promise that he did not need to spend money.

After that, the two of them chatted more and more congenial.

Li Mu felt that today's Su Yingxue was not the cold and arrogant goddess in his impression. Su Yingxue also felt that Li Mu was giving off an unfathomable aura, and she could not help but feel curious.

…

Until the two of them were full, Su Yingxue's bill did not exceed 100 yuan.

Li Mu wanted to take a taxi to send Su Yingxue home. Su Yingxue had no objections and readily agreed. After taking a taxi to the Family Quarters of the Public Security Bureau, Su Yingxue did not forget to remind Li Mu that he had to report to the driving school tomorrow and begin driving practice.

Li Mu was not interested in learning to drive. He could be considered an old driver. In his previous life, he had to do things like reversing the car into the garage almost twice a day. The internal road test and other miscellaneous items were not difficult. Logically speaking, the best choice was to buy a pack of cigarettes and give it to the instructor. He might as well not come to class and just take the test during the test.

However, when he remembered that Su Yingxue was one of his classmates learning to drive, Li Mu was excited.

That night, Li Mu was discussing the logic and details of the Easy Listening backend function with Kong Lingyu at home. Su Yingxue went online at home and found a forum for driving enthusiasts. With one look, she was completely immersed in it.

Today, she finally knew the length and steepness of the Sichuan-Tibet route. She knew the magnificence and beauty of the 318 national highway. She finally understood why some people said that the beauty of life was not in the outcome, but in the process. After experiencing all the beauty, the outcome did not seem so important anymore.

A smart 18 year old girl would not take the promise of a boy of the same age seriously. However, her mind began to involuntarily fantasize. In her fantasies, she personally experienced the scenery that the netizens experienced. Throughout the entire process, she sat in the front passenger seat of Li Mu.

— —