Chapter 869

The much-anticipated interview was finally broadcasted.

At the beginning of the program, the host introduced the development of the domestic Internet industry in recent years, starting from the establishment of the first forum, using the most concise language to describe all the way to the present day. Then, the host's speech immediately led the topic to home computers.

"Strictly speaking, it has been more than ten years since home computers entered Hua Xia. In these ten years, more and more people know about computers and the Internet, but the number of computers per capita in our country is still far lower than that of the developed countries in the West. What do ordinary consumers think of home computers? What is the current situation of the home computer market? Our reporters have conducted relevant investigations and interviews in the electronic cities of many cities. Now, please follow our camera and understand together."

The scene switched to the Yanjing Zhongguancun Computer Market. In front of a computer stall, the reporter pointed to a printed computer configuration list and asked the boss, "How long has the price of this configuration been maintained?"

The boss thought for a moment and said, "About half a month."

The reporter asked him curiously, "Is the price of computer hardware dropping a lot now?

The price needs to be adjusted every half a month. "

The boss smiled bitterly. "It's not a price reduction, it's a price increase. Recently, the price of memory chips has risen sharply. It's even scarier than stocks. Other than memory chips, the price of other hardware is also relatively firm."

The reporter said in surprise, "Computer hardware can actually rise in price? Isn't it said that electronic products are being replaced very quickly?"

The boss said, "The pace of replacement of memory chips is not that fast, and it is said that memory chips are rising worldwide."

The reporter nodded and thanked him. Then, he went to a foreign brand computer store and randomly interviewed a middle-aged man who had just come out of the store.

After asking for the other party's permission, the reporter asked him, "Hello, are you here to look at computers today?"

The middle-aged man nodded. "Yes."

"Are you buying computers for home use or business use?"

"For home use. My child is going to high school this year, and there will be computer classes. I want him to be exposed to computers and the Internet in advance."

The reporter joked, "Then you are really open-minded. Normally, high school students are strictly prohibited from playing computer games at home, right?"

The middle-aged man smiled awkwardly and said, "That was in the past. Ever since Li Mu became popular, my wife and I have become very open-minded about our children's access to computers and the Internet. It's good for our children to be exposed to more new things."

The reporter nodded and said with a smile, "That's a little off topic. Let's get back to the problem of the computer. I saw you come out of the store empty-handed. Did you not find a suitable model?"

The middle-aged man shook his head and said, "Actually, I already had my eyes on the model a month ago, but I've been waiting for a suitable price. However, after waiting for a month, the price hasn't changed at all, so I'm a little disappointed. I want to take a look at the assembled machine."

After a few segments of the interview, the program team used a very down-to-earth method to give a detailed description of the computer terminal market before the policy was promulgated, and the crux of the problem naturally surfaced.

The high price was an insurmountable gap between ordinary families and their first home computer. Many users went to the Electronic Shopping Center several times to pay attention to the price of a particular model. To them, even if the price could be lowered by two or three hundred yuan, it would be enough to support them to grit their teeth and make up their minds. However, the stable price of the terminal made it very difficult for them to kick the door open.

Before the policy was made public, the price of the Divine Boat had always been very attractive. However, the most important thing was that there was a limit to the production of the Divine Boat, and the coverage of offline stores was not enough. Otherwise, if there were enough goods and offline channels, they could have taken the opportunity to make a big sale.

After a brief introduction of the crux of the current popularization of computers, the scene switched back to the recording studio. The program director followed the example of throwing out the problem and solving the problem in a news report. He immediately led the topic to the "Internet into the home" policy, which immediately formed a clear contrast with the previous content. This made the "Internet into the home" policy even more prominent in the hearts of the audience.

And this so-called method of first restraining and then raising, one restraining and the other raising, was almost all meticulously done to set off Li Mu.

After more than half of the program, Li Mu finally appeared on the television screen again. Central TV replayed the news broadcast, in which Li Mu said the two grand wishes. After that, the reporter asked Li Mu, "Before interviewing you, I also interviewed many elites in the Internet and other industries. Most of them hoped that their own businesses and careers could get better and better. Only a very small number of people said that they had similar wishes as you, but they were only wishes. However, what we can see is that you are indeed working hard in this direction. What I want to ask you is, how difficult do you think it will be to realize these two wishes of yours?

How long will it take to realize them? "

Li Mu said calmly, "Once we become the world's largest Internet market, we will be able to nurture the world's largest Internet company, and we will be able to nurture the world's top Internet talents."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "Hua Xia's population accounts for about 20% of the world's population. This is the world's largest single market. If there are suitable companies to lead the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia, coupled with the continuous promotion of favorable policies, I feel that by the year the Yan Jin Olympics are held, Hua Xia will be the world's largest Internet market!"

Hua Xia had truly become the world's largest Internet market in 2012. It had been nearly ten years since then. Li Mu compressed this time to 2008, which was equivalent to compressing the original ten years to six years.

However, Li Mu was not speaking without thinking. In his previous life, although the Internet industry in Hua Xia had developed very quickly, there had never been a company that had truly opened up a global scene. He would definitely become the unprecedented first person in history. Using his role in the entire industry and the industry's policies, as well as his future global capital operations, Li Mu had absolute confidence that he could make Hua Xia the world's largest Internet market in advance by 2008.

The reporter was secretly surprised by Li Mu's confidence. Six years was a rather radical answer to him, but he did not show his surprise. Instead, he continued to ask, "Then, which companies do you think are suitable to lead the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, his expression filled with incomparable confidence. He said, "Makino Technology and Taobao are the most suitable companies to lead the development of the Internet in Hua Xia. Other than these two companies, there is no third."

The reporter could not help but smile after hearing this. "Li Zong, these two companies that you mentioned are both your companies. In your eyes, are there no other companies in the country that are suitable to take on this responsibility?"

Li Mu shook his head and said seriously, "I'm not targeting any domestic company, but I want to say that any other domestic company is far from qualified to take on this responsibility."

Li Mu was a little more restrained. He did not directly say that the other companies were all trash. However, when he said this through the lens of CCTV, it did give people the feeling that he was quite pretentious.

Many people in the industry saw that Li Mu was so confident on TV that he suddenly suppressed all other companies to a lower level. They felt a little uncomfortable in their hearts, but they couldn't get angry because Li Mu was right. His Muye Technology and Taobao had already formed their own ecosystems and were deeply tied together. Any one of them was far superior to other domestic companies. They were on a completely different level. How could other companies compare with them?

The reporter asked, "Can you tell us in detail what efforts Makino Technology and Taobao have made to promote the development of the industry?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Let me talk about the virtual aspect first."

As he said this, Li Mu paused for a moment and said,

"Everyone should know that YY has launched many products and functions that can enhance social interaction. YY groups are a good example.

"In real life, social interaction is very limited. It's difficult to achieve a unified time, place, and person. For example, if a dozen old colleagues or classmates want to sit down and chat offline, it's almost impossible. I'm afraid it's good to have an opportunity to do so once a year. However, YY groups can allow dozens, dozens, or even hundreds of people to chat online at any time, regardless of whether these people are in the same city, province, or country. It's precisely because of the uniqueness of YY groups that it has attracted a large number of users who have never come into contact with the Internet. They have begun to learn how to surf the Internet and use various products on the Internet, increasing the number of netizens in the entire country.

"Another example is Taobao's brand day. Not only did it allow a large number of consumers to understand online shopping for the first time, but it also made these consumers realize that through Taobao, they can buy the products they want at an absolutely low price. Moreover, they don't have to worry about the problem of counterfeit goods. This has caused more people to join the Internet for the sake of online shopping, and it has also increased the number of netizens in the country.

"There's also Happy Farm. Some people think that online games are all erotic, emotional, and violent. However, this game does not have any unhealthy elements. It is a completely green game, and it has also attracted tens of millions of users. Many middle-aged and elderly people come into contact with the Internet for the first time because they want to play this relaxing cartoon game with their family and friends. This is also our contribution to the development of the national Internet on the virtual level."

The reporter nodded and asked again, "What about in the real world?"

Li Mu answered, "In the real world, we have also done a lot. For example, Makino Technology, Taobao, and Shenzhou Computers have joined forces to create the most cost-effective home computer. You can understand that the profit margin of the model that Shenzhou Computers have cooperated with us is so low that it makes people's hair stand on end. The reason why we are doing this is to provide cheaper home computers to the entire country's consumers. This motive is completely in line with the 'Internet into the home' policy."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu started to dig a big hole for Dangdang. He said, "In addition, Taobao has just acquired Joyo, whose core business is selling books and audio products online. In the future, it will be merged into Taobao's books and audio products business.

The reason why I acquired Joyo is because, in my opinion, books are not just a commodity, but also a ladder of knowledge, learning, and improvement. The piracy of books in the country is very serious. In order to promote the sale and popularization of legal books, I have already decided that in the next two to three years, we will vigorously develop Taobao's book business. Not only will the entire Taobao's book business not earn a single cent, the company will also have to fork out a huge sum of money every year to subsidize the online book business!

In the next two to three years, Taobao's book business will definitely be the cheapest platform for legal books in the country.

Serving more users who love to read and letting more consumers who want to buy books try to buy online is also our effort for the development of the industry. "

The reporter nodded lightly and said, "In that case, you have indeed done a lot for the development of the domestic internet."

Saying that, the reporter asked Li Mu, "You said just now that you hope that Hua Xia's Internet will become the world's top internet company in the future. What I want to ask is, in your opinion, do Makino Technology and Taobao have a chance to become the world's top internet company?

If so, how long will it take? "

Li Mu thought for a moment, then said seriously and solemnly, "The mission of Makino Technology and Taobao is to become the world's top internet company. Moreover, the next stage of Makino Technology's development is the overseas market, and Taobao's future will also be global. So, I personally feel that, conservatively, within five years, these two companies will definitely enter the world's top ten internet companies by market value, and one of them will definitely enter the world's top five internet companies by market value!"

When the reporter heard this, he couldn't hide his surprise for the first time. He looked at Li Mu in a daze for about three seconds, then quickly composed himself and asked Li Mu, "If it's a conservative estimate of five years, what if I make a bold estimate?"

The corners of Li Mu's mouth rose slightly, and he said confidently, "Three years!"

Two companies, in three years, both in the top ten in market value, and one of them will enter the top five?

Li Mu's One Great Wish immediately caused everyone in front of the TV to explode!

To enter the world's top ten internet companies by market value, the company must be worth at least 20 billion USD. To enter the top five, the company must be worth at least 50 billion USD. Luckily, the world's internet bubble had burst a long time ago. If not, based on the market value at the end of the last century, Microsoft's market value was more than 600 billion USD.

But even if the internet bubble had burst, what Li Mu said was too shocking. Makino Technology is about to raise funds, and even if it is worth 20 billion RMB, it is only worth slightly more than 2 billion USD. Taobao's market value is not even half of Makino Technology's market value. If Li Mu wants to enter the world's top ten or even top five internet companies, he must increase his market value by at least 20 times.

20 times … … 3 years?

Not to mention three years, even five years would be a fool's dream!

At this moment, everyone in front of the TV had strong doubts. Even those who idolize Li Mu felt that Li Mu's target is too high, and it is impossible to achieve it.

At this time, the reporter also subconsciously asked Li Mu, "Boss Li, do you think this goal is a little too radical?"

Li Mu raised his head slightly, and his eyes shone with a different light. He said with incomparable confidence, "I don't think it's radical at all. If you think it's radical, you can treat it as one of my ideals. You can scoff at my ideals, but I will definitely do my best to realize my ideals!"

Li Mu said with a bright smile on his face. "Here, I would like to borrow a famous line from Zhou Xingchi. If a person does not have a dream, what is the difference between a person and a salted fish?"

… …