Chapter 905

After a whole morning, Elon Musk was completely convinced by Li Mu.

For him, who owned 11.7% of PayPal's shares, whether PayPal could sell for 1.5 billion or 1.6 billion did not really affect his personal interests.

Every time Elon Musk increased the transaction price of PayPal by 100 million USD, it was equivalent to generating an additional 11.7 million USD profit for himself. Although the amount looked quite impressive, if calculated proportionally, the additional 11.7 million USD profit was less than 7% of the total profit.

However, if he cooperated with Li Mu and brought eBay in, the three parties would jointly own PayPal, then the additional income he could bring in would be more than 50% or even 100% of the original income in a short period of time.

Under such circumstances, there was only one thought in Elon Musk's mind: No matter what, I have to bring eBay in.

When it was almost noon, Elon Musk asked Li Mu for an empty conference room and a laptop. Then, he logged into his YY and made a video call with Peter Thiel, who was far away in Silicon Valley.

As soon as the video call was connected, Peter Thiel asked Elon Musk in surprise, "Aren't you supposed to be meeting with Li Mu?

Why are you suddenly online? "

Elon Musk said, "Li Mu saw through our little trick a long time ago. The original discussion basically didn't happen."

Peter Thiel said in surprise, "That Hua Xia saw through it?

But it doesn't matter. I've already released the news to the media. Now, eBay should be paying close attention. It doesn't matter how your discussion with Li Mu goes. As long as you can make eBay anxious, we'll win! "

Elon Musk laughed at himself and said, "Peter, we all underestimated Li Mu. Not only did he see through our trick, but he even dug a trap for us, waiting for us to jump into it."

Peter Steele asked in surprise, "What kind of trap did he dig for you?"

Elon Musk said, "Li Mu just gave me an offer to help him get eBay in. I personally think this offer is very tempting, so I temporarily suspended my meeting with Li Mu and borrowed a computer to video chat with you."

Peter Thiel, confused, asked, "Hook up with eBay?

What do you mean? "

Elon Musk said, "Simply put, Li Mu wants to invest in PayPal."

Peter Thiel's expression immediately darkened. He said with disdain, "Bullsh * t. The capital behind us is already complicated enough. I don't want to add a new investor. You have to understand that we are selling the entire PayPal, not financing!"

"I know." Elon Musk said, "Don't get too excited. Let me finish first before you express your opinion."

Peter Thiel pursed his lips and said helplessly, "Alright, go ahead. But I can tell you clearly that if it's financing, I won't agree."

Elon Musk said, "Li Mu's idea isn't just to raise funds, but to work with eBay to acquire the majority of our shares, liquidate all the capital behind PayPal, and then let us, the original team members, liquidate some of our shares. Finally, we'll leave a portion of the shares with Muye Technology and eBay."

"Joint shares?

Makino Technology and eBay?

What the hell? "

Elon Musk described Li Mu's proposal in detail to Peter Thiel. As Peter Thiel listened, his expression changed from disdain to shock, and then to ecstasy. He shouted excitedly, "Oh-My-God!

Oh-My-God！

Oh-My-God！”

Elon Musk looked at the excited Peter Thiel in the video and asked him, "What do you think of Li Mu's offer?"

Peter Thiel held his head with both hands and said almost crazily, "This offer is amazing!

Once Makino Technology and eBay jointly invest in PayPal, PayPal's market value will definitely soar. Our remaining shares will be worth more money, and our future will be limitless! "

Elon Musk nodded and said with a smile, "There's no doubt about the strength of eBay and Makino Technology. If they both invest in PayPal, I'm guessing PayPal won't need additional financing in the future. It's very likely that PayPal will go public after developing for a while. In the next two or three years, its market value will reach more than five billion US dollars. If it goes public, it might exceed ten billion US dollars. By then, our shares will be worth at least a few hundred million US dollars."

Peter Thiel said, "The key is whether eBay will agree or not. Do you need me to do anything here?"

Elon Musk said, "It's already night time in San Francisco, right?

How about this, turn off your phone and all other means of contact later. This way, even if eBay urgently wants to contact you, they won't be able to establish contact with you. After I meet with Li Mu, I'll go back and come up with a proposal. When the time comes, I'll use YY to send it to you offline. When you arrive at the company tomorrow morning, send this proposal to eBay and see if they're interested. If they're interested in this three-way shareholding method, we'll arrange another time to discuss the details. "

…

As the CEO of eBay, Meg Whitman was in charge of a huge Internet empire with a market value of more than 16 billion US dollars. As a woman, Meg Whitman was one of the most successful female managers in the world.

She had led many major capital operations in eBay and acquired many companies for eBay. This allowed eBay to still have such a high market value after the dot-com bubble. She could be said to be a model professional manager.

Recently, Meg Whitman's most important task was to promote eBay's acquisition of PayPal. She strived to take over PayPal as soon as possible.

Meg Whitman also understood the current situation of PayPal, so she had been holding on to the 1.5 billion US dollars price without making any concessions. She believed that Elon Musk and Peter Thiel would definitely accept this price. It was just a matter of time.

However, she suddenly heard an unexpected piece of news today: Elon Musk had actually gone to Hua Xia!

Moreover, he was going to Hua Xia to meet with Li Mu, who was currently very famous. This made her feel that the current situation was very bad.

Meg Whitman had heard of Li Mu's name. During this period of time, YY was like the sun in the sky in the entire Western country, and it was in the limelight.

As long as one was in the Internet industry, they would basically pay attention to Makino Technology and the twenty-year-old boss behind Makino Technology. A few days ago, YY and PayPal had a deep cooperation. On the first day of the opening of the payment channel, they had received more than 10 million US dollars in top-up payments. This figure shocked all the elites in Silicon Valley, including Meg Whitman.

Because of YY's rocket-like development, its market value was also constantly rising. With the current strength of Makino Technology, it was really not impossible for them to acquire PayPal.

Meg Whitman had been drooling over PayPal for a long time. Originally, she had regarded PayPal as her own. However, when Elon Musk suddenly met with Li Mu, she began to feel uneasy. She was afraid that Li Mu would really reach an agreement with Elon Musk and take over PayPal halfway.

Although eBay could also create a new payment channel, for Meg Whitman, it was easy to create a payment channel, but it was difficult to promote and popularize the payment channel.

Now that eBay obviously didn't have the time to create a new payment channel, acquiring PayPal was the best choice.

However, just as the acquisition plan was about to be completed, Elon Musk actually went to Hua Xia at the last minute. This made Meg Whitman very anxious.

Just a few months ago, Meg Whitman led eBay's acquisition of Hua Xia's eBay. eBay officially entered the Hua Xia market. Although it didn't directly compete with Li Mu's Taobao website, overall, they were in the same industry in the field of e-commerce, and each posed a certain threat to the other.

Moreover, Li Mu's Taobao website had just been born, and it had achieved great development in Hua Xia's Internet. In the future, it was not impossible for it to develop globally like YY. Therefore, in view of this, Meg Whitman speculated that Li Mu was likely to consider acquiring PayPal. Even if it wasn't for Makino Technology, for the future global development of Taobao website, he would definitely consider it carefully.

Meg Whitman was a veteran manager with many years of experience. She could be said to be very knowledgeable. Because of her many years of experience in large enterprises, she knew the operation of large capital like the back of her hand. In terms of capital alone, she was much better than Li Mu and Elon Musk. And when an experienced person looked at a problem, it was inevitable that they would complicate things. Because of this, she clearly misjudged Li Mu from the very beginning.

In fact, Li Mu didn't want to globalize Taobao website at all for the time being. E-commerce involved too many offline links, and the cost of globalization was very high. Moreover, he needed to have a good relationship with the governments of various countries. He was far from being strong enough to develop Taobao website all over the world. Therefore, in the next three to five years, or even longer, Taobao's market position would be in the domestic market.

At the moment, Taobao did not have a global strategy. Naturally, PayPal's significance to Li Mu was much smaller. There was no need for him to spend a lot of money or a lot of shares to acquire PayPal at this time.

Meg Whitman did not guess this, so she was particularly worried all day, afraid that eBay would miss out on PayPal.

On this day, she wanted to call Peter Thiel many times to ask them what they were thinking. Seeing that the acquisition cooperation with eBay had reached the most critical moment, Elon Musk went out to look for other buyers. Wasn't this a bit unprofessional?

Moreover, did they really think that the Hua Xia person, Li Mu, could give them a better offer than eBay?

Makino Technology did not have such a strong cash reserve. The only thing they could do was to exchange shares. It would be far less straightforward than an all-cash acquisition by eBay!

Although Meg Whitman was very dissatisfied, she still controlled her emotions. She did not take the initiative to contact Peter Thiel. Instead, she called the core team for an overtime meeting to discuss how to facilitate eBay's acquisition of PayPal as soon as possible. This was to prevent any undue delays. Even if they had to raise the acquisition price, they had to stop PayPal from continuing to communicate with Li Mu!

Just as everyone was arguing about whether to raise the price to 1.6 billion USD or 1.7 billion USD, Meg Whitman's assistant walked into the meeting room and whispered in her ear.