Chapter 1370

At 7: 30 p.m. the next day after the rehearsal.

The news broadcast had just ended, and the director of the "Fight SARS Charity Gala" issued a reminder to all the guests backstage, as well as the representatives of the entrepreneurs, that there were 30 minutes left before the live broadcast.

The ratings of today's news broadcast were off the charts, and audiences all over the country turned on their TVs and turned on CCTV at 7 o 'clock, waiting for the gala to begin.

All the guests went backstage in advance to get their makeup done. There were not enough makeup artists and dressing rooms. A few of the big name singers brought their own makeup artists, but most of them found their own solutions. Many female singers simply brought their own makeup tools to do makeup for themselves, or exchanged makeup with other female singers.

Li Mu also arrived backstage early and declined the arrangement to do makeup on stage. He chatted backstage with Song Liang and his old acquaintance, Robin, the boss of Baidu.

Li Mu was the representative of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology this time. As for Wanying Real Estate, it was Song Liang who represented it.

After Baidu successfully acquired Easy Listening Technology and accepted Li Mu's investment, Robin's life became a lot smoother. With the influx of traffic from Easy Listening, coupled with the traffic support from Makino Technology, Baidu developed by leaps and bounds in a very short period of time.

This time, as one of the outstanding Internet companies in Yan Jing, Baidu was also invited by CCTV. Robin said that this time, Baidu was going to donate 5 million yuan to support the work related to the fight against SARS.

In this day and age, Internet companies were still burning a lot of money, and it was already not bad to be able to donate 5 million yuan. Li Mu praised Robin as a very responsible entrepreneur, and said to him, "I hope that you can maintain this pure heart in the future, Robin. I hope that under your leadership, Baidu can become a model enterprise full of positive energy and social responsibility."

Robin didn't understand the meaning behind these words, and only thought that it was Li Mu's expectations for him. He nodded repeatedly and said sincerely, "Rest assured, Li Zong, Baidu will continue to work hard in this direction."

Li Mu patted him on the shoulder and said, "Remember what you said today. In the future, no matter what adjustments the company makes to its development direction, you must remember one thing: do not do evil."

"Definitely, definitely."

As Robin agreed, she wondered what was wrong with Li Mu. Did he think that she would go down the wrong path in the future?

What a joke! No matter how he looked, he had a face full of righteousness and a handsome appearance. How could he have gone down the wrong path?

I don't understand …

Li Mu didn't need him to understand. Sometimes, a person's choice would be deeply influenced by his subconscious. Today, he had planted a seed in him that he shouldn't do evil. In the future, when he had to choose between his own interests and his conscience, he might make a completely different decision from his previous life.

If he still went down the wrong path in this life, he would find a way to pull him back or kick him out.

Song Liang was a small shareholder of Easy Listening Technology. After Easy Listening Technology was acquired by Baidu, he also became a small shareholder of Baidu, but his shares were diluted a lot. However, once Baidu was listed in the United States, Song Liang would also get a huge return from it. Therefore, he was also very concerned about the development of Baidu. He specially exchanged business cards with Robin and left each other's contact information.

When the performance entered the 15-minute countdown, several middle-aged men in suits came to Li Mu together. While Li Mu was chatting with Robin, he suddenly heard someone say enthusiastically, "Oh, Manager Song, you are also here!"

Song Liang hurriedly got up and responded with a smile, "Manager Wang, Manager Pan, when did you arrive?"

"I just arrived. I happened to see you, so I came to say hello to you."

Li Mu looked up and found that the person who spoke was the richest man in the future Hua Xia, Wang Jianlin.

Beside him, another tycoon in the real estate industry, Wang Shi, was also chatting and laughing with Song Liang. The other person who didn't speak much was Pan Shiyi.

Seeing Li Mu, Pan Shiyi, who had been silent, said in surprise, "Oh, hello, Li Zong!

I have been looking for a chance to get to know you. I didn't expect to meet you here today! "

When the other real estate developers saw Li Mu, they immediately greeted Li Mu warmly. Li Mu nodded to them one by one and then said, "Manager Pan, Manager Wang, I have been friends with you for a long time. Nice to meet you."

When the few tycoons in the future Hua Xia real estate industry saw that Li Mu actually recognized them, they were all surprised. Among them, Wang Shi exclaimed, "I didn't expect Li Zong to know us old guys even though he is so busy every day …"

Li Mu smiled humbly and said, "You are all tycoons in the real estate industry, and I happen to be a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate. It can be said that I have half a foot in the real estate industry, so I naturally have to be respectful of this industry. That's why I have studied your successful experiences a long time ago."

Wang Jianlin said to Pan Shiyi and Wang Shi with a smile, "Li Zong, this is called knowing yourself and knowing your enemy, and you will always be victorious. He first studied us, then surpassed us. No wonder Wanying Real Estate could blossom in so many places in Yanjing. It seems that Li Zong can't be missing from the back!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Manager Wang, you flatter me. I can't say that I'm in charge of the industry. Manager Song and I are in the real estate industry together, but we don't have much ambition. We just set a small goal and first earn one or two hundred million to test the waters."

No one could hear the hidden meaning in Li Mu's words. They just felt that Li Mu was a little too humble. Earn one or two hundred million first?

The premium of each of Li Mu's pieces of land was more than that.

In fact, Li Mu wasn't the only one who knew these tycoons. These tycoons had long begun to study Li Mu. Each of them was a veteran in the real economy for decades, and they were much more experienced than the IT entrepreneurs at the end of the last century. Li Mu only knew a little about them, but they already had a deep and comprehensive understanding of Li Mu.

Ever since Wanying Real Estate directly moved from a small fifth-tier city in Hai Zhou to Yanjing, these tycoons had already figured out the entire background of Wanying Real Estate. Other than the foundation that Song Liang originally had in Hai Zhou, Wanying Real Estate's biggest reliance in Yanjing was two people. One was Chen Ze, and the other was Li Mu.

Needless to say, Chen Ze's background could provide Wanying Real Estate with strong government and even financial connections. On the other hand, Li Mu's ability was more comprehensive. Not only did Li Mu have strong economic strength, but the cash flow on hand was also frighteningly stable. More importantly, when Li Mu did things, he had extremely strong foresight and judgment. Paired with this ability was Li Mu's strong ability to integrate resources. Wang Jianlin had always been brooding over Wanying Real Estate's vision for land acquisition.

Wang Jianlin had always been brooding over Wanying Real Estate's vision for land acquisition. Back then, when the government was still hesitant about the Eastern Subway Line 10, no one could get accurate information. However, Wanying Real Estate made the right bet and acquired six or seven pieces of good land in the East Third Ring Road in one go. After the route map of the Eastern Subway Line 10 was finalized, Wanying Real Estate relied on the appreciation of these pieces of land to achieve overnight what other real estate companies couldn't achieve in a few years. What was even more amazing was that they also acquired an excellent piece of commercial land in Sanlitun. They had already started to invest in Wanying Real Estate's first commercial real estate project, Wanying Plaza. This was exactly what he wanted.

Wanying Real Estate's strategy of swallowing a fatty in one go was also very experienced. A few pieces of residential land were jointly developed with real estate developers in Nansu Province. Not only did it ensure the strength and efficiency of the development, but it also ensured that the partners could be controlled. The Wanying Plaza project was the finishing touch for Wanying Real Estate. Even Wang Jianlin, who had just arrived in Beijing, couldn't afford to play such a big game. The person who was truly integrating resources behind the scenes was undoubtedly Li Mu.

In front of these big shots in the real estate industry, Li Mu still maintained the humility that a junior should have. He lightly smiled and complimented, "Everyone here is an experienced senior in the real estate industry. In front of everyone, Wanying Real Estate is just a primary school student. If there's an opportunity in the future, I hope that everyone here can share some of your experiences with me."

Wang Shi modestly replied, "Li Zong dares not accept the compliment. You're just playing around in the real estate industry, and you've already caused such a huge commotion. As people like us who treat real estate as our main business, how could we dare to call ourselves teachers in front of you? On the other hand, Li Zong was able to play around with the internet to perfection, and we really admire him. Nowadays, everything is about information and the internet, so we hope that Li Zong can take some time to teach us about the internet."

Li Mu smiled and said, "CEO Wang, you're too humble. If there's an opportunity in the future, we can study the combination of real estate and the internet together and see if there's any sparks."

The few of them nodded. At this moment, the executive director ran over and said, "Li Zong, everyone, the last five minutes of our performance will be counted down. The director would like to invite everyone over to wait."

Li Mu then said, "Seniors, let's finish up with this gala first. After this gala ends, we can invite some friends from all walks of life to hold a salon together."

Since business was more important, the few of them immediately expressed their agreement. Then, Li Mu took the initiative to exchange business cards with them, and then they went to the waiting area behind the stage with everyone else.

Li Mu was the number one guest among the entrepreneurs at the gala tonight. Central TV did not intend to let him be the finale. Instead, they hoped that he could be the first to go on stage among the entrepreneurs. This way, Li Mu would naturally have to stand on stage for a while longer. To a certain extent, the longer Li Mu stood on stage, the more attractive he would be to the audience.

In the waiting area, Li Ziwei helped Li Mu adjust his suit and tie. She watched as time passed second by second, and the countdown of ten seconds quickly appeared on the indicator backstage.

The two hosts of Central TV had already gone on stage in advance. After the countdown of ten seconds, at eight o 'clock in the evening in Beijing, the screen backstage began to play the opening of the gala.

At the same time, the audience all over the country began to watch the live broadcast of the performance in front of their televisions. This opening was broadcast on the televisions of thousands of households at the same time.

The thirty-second opening ended with the majestic background music. The slogan "United as one, united as a fortress, against SARS" stayed on the screen for about three seconds. Then, the screen switched to the stage of the performance. The two hosts of Central TV were standing in the middle of the stage, preparing to work together to open the gala.