Chapter 7

Games were an indispensable part of the Internet, especially online games. Since 2000, they had begun to appear in China, and they had been relatively popular since the beginning of time.

The most popular online game now is Stone Age. But since the end of this year, Chen Tianqiao used a third-tier Korean online game to create the pinnacle of online games in China. In just a few years, he became the richest man in Hua Xia.

The online game Legend of Mir, which made him worth hundreds of millions of yuan, should be undergoing pre-release testing now, right?

Li Mu was a fan of the Legend of Mir in the past. His classmate introduced him to the Legend of Mir not long after he started university, and he was immediately hooked on this game. He didn't have to worry about his studies in university, and he often played the game with his roommates until he graduated from university in 2005. Then, many of his old friends gave up on the game due to the prevalence of cheats, and Li Mu stopped playing.

Now that he thought about it, the Legend of Mir 2 is a game full of bugs. With his current abilities, it's extremely easy for him to find bugs to earn money, buy items, and even create cheats. Moreover, there's a lot of profit to be made from these bugs.

However, the Legend of Mir 2 hadn't been released yet. If Fang Qi remembered correctly, it was released in September. After two months of free service, the Legend of Mir 2 began to charge money for the first time in November or December of this year.

Li Mu recalled that the Legend of Mir will only become popular at the end of this year. Furthermore, the first cheats for the Legend of Mir only appeared in November of this year.

In his memory, the first cheats only had the function of "No Candle". To put it bluntly, the players didn't need to buy candles anymore. But even with such a weak function, more than 90% of the players in the Legend of Mir used cheats in a short period of time. From this, it can be seen that the demand for cheats among Legend of Mir players is extremely high!

However, Li Mu will have to wait a few more months to make money from the Legend of Mir. However, the popular Stone Age is an opportunity for Li Mu.

Just like Legend of Mir 2 and Miracle MU, Stone Age was also a game with many cheats. Back then, Li Mu had seen a piece of news about a cheats studio called "Abbe Cheats". They relied on the cheats in Stone Age to create an industry worth tens of millions of yuan within a year or two.

No matter how powerful the people behind "Abbe Cheat" were, they were only programmers of the current generation. As for him, he had the foresight and technology of the future generation. As long as he identified the needs of the gamers, earning money would definitely be a piece of cake.

With Chen Wan's reminder, Li Mu instantly thought of a way to earn quick money, and that was to make cheats.

Moreover, the feasibility of this method was very high. It was also out of his excitement that he subconsciously held Chen Wan's hand.

At this moment, Chen Wan was a little flustered when she was held by Li Mu. Although she was older than Li Mu by three years, when it came to interacting with the opposite sex, Chen Wan had almost zero experience. Compared to Li Mu, who at least had a few girlfriends and had at least killed all of them, Chen Wan couldn't be compared.

However, Li Mu was sincerely grateful for Chen Wan's reminder. The word "game" was like a wake-up call to him.

He had been an internet user for more than ten years, and he had always believed in one thing: There were only two things that could stimulate male netizens to spend the most money in virtual reality. One was sex, and the other was games. This was an unchanging truth!

It was completely different from the Taobao e-commerce, which used money to exchange for goods.

Making cheats was definitely a way to earn quick money!

Papa Lee saw Li Mu using such a clumsy method to take advantage of a girl, and he coughed twice. He felt embarrassed. This son of his was still too inexperienced!

Li Mu retracted his hand. To hide his embarrassment, he continued typing on the keyboard and said, "Other than surfing the internet and playing games, there are many other things that computers can do."

Chen Wan nodded. "Computers can indeed do many things, but we only learned how to use computers. If you are interested in computers, you can apply for a related major in university."

"Ok."

Li Mu replied absent-mindedly, and he was already thinking about the game and cheats market.

"Stone Age" had been in operation for half a year, and commercial cheats had also appeared. However, Li Mu was confident that he could make some money from "Stone Age" with his current capabilities.

I will use the Stone Age to accumulate some capital. This way, I will be able to develop the commercial plug-in for the Legend of Mir 2 at the end of September. I will be able to seize the opportunity before the Legend of Mir 2 becomes commercialized. This is a good opportunity to earn a lot of money this year.

With a direction in mind, Li Mu felt more relaxed. He chatted with Chen Wan for a long time and tried to find out more about her situation.

Chen Wan was a third-year journalism major at Fudan University. She was a fourth-year student, and her family was doing business in Haizhou. She was an only child.

As for whether she was single or not, Li Mu only used one sentence to get the answer. "Sister Wan, you are so pretty, and you must be the campus belle of Fudan University. Your boyfriend must be the campus hunk, right?"

"I'm not the campus belle, and I don't have a boyfriend."

Only then did Chen Wan realize that he was trying to pry information out of her and inquire about her feelings. She exclaimed in her heart, "This guy is so cunning." "What a cunning guy!" Chen Wan thought.

Li Mu thought to himself. No wonder Chen Wan became a host at the Provincial TV Station in the future. She majored in journalism.

As for her family, although Chen Wan did not explain in detail, Feng Yu guessed that her family's business was not small. In 2015, when her father was sentenced for illegal fund-raising, the amount involved had already reached billions of RMB.

Now, Li Mu only had 10 RMB in his pocket, and he did not have the ability to change Chen Wan's life. But he still had enough time to think about it.

After dinner, Chen Wan insisted on taking a taxi to send Li Mu and his family home. However, Li Mu rejected her.

He did not want to trouble Chen Wan, and he used the excuse that it was too crowded for four people to sit in a taxi. He wanted to let Chen Wan go first no matter what.

Chen Wan was helpless. Before leaving, she specifically asked for Li Mu's home phone number, saying that she would hang out with him when she had time. Li Mu gave it to her without hesitation. In fact, he had already planned to ask for Chen Wan's number before he left. He could not cut off contact with her.

After Li Mu said his home phone number, he was about to ask for Chen Wan's number when Chen Wan took out a small notebook. She took out a mini ballpoint pen and wrote a string of numbers on the paper for Li Mu.

"This is my sister's number. Call me if you have nothing to do. I'll be in Haizhou for a while."

"Okay." Li Mu took the phone and carefully put it in his pocket.

After Chen Wan left, Papa Lee hailed another taxi.

On the way home, his mother and Li Mu sat in the back seat. She held Li Mu's hand and said with lingering fear, "When I received the call today, I almost had a heart attack. Luckily, you're fine …"

"Yeah."

Papa Lee sat in the passenger seat. He tilted his head and said, "This is a blessing in disguise. You must be careful when you go out in the future."