Chapter 696

In his previous life, he had been wandering for so many years. Even if he had money now and bought a villa in Yan Jing, Li Mu still liked the feeling of home.

After a sound night's sleep, Li Mu began to think about Xiao Hao after he got up the next day.

Yesterday, he said that he would help him solve his troubles at school. Naturally, he had to do what he said. The solution that Li Mu thought of was to crush the boy who bullied Xiao Hao. Wasn't his classmate relying on his brother who was in high school?

And didn't his brother act like a tyrant in the school just because he was a small leader outside?

Well, I'll give you a hard one. I won't beat you or scold you, but I'll scare you.

At the thought of this kind of thing, Li Mu instinctively thought of Song Liang. He was a big shot in Haizhou. Even Zhang Wanjun, the big brother of Haizhou's underworld, had to follow him. It was the most worry-free thing to find him.

Just as he was about to call Song Liang, the doorbell rang. Li Mu opened the door and saw that Song Liang had come with his wife and children.

"Brother Liang, sister-in-law."

Li Mu greeted them in surprise. Song Liang's wife took her son and said to him, "Xiaobao, say hello to uncle."

Song Liang's son, who was less than three years old, called uncle shyly and vaguely, and then hid behind his mother with a red face.

Song Liang asked with a smile, "Xiaomu, are uncle and auntie at home?"

Song Liang came to say hello. He also lived in this community and had such a close relationship with Li Mu. If he didn't visit Li Mu's house and say hello when he came back, he would feel that it was not polite.

When Papa Lee and Li Ma saw that Song Liang's family had come, they warmly invited them into the house. After chatting for a while, Li Ma picked up Song Liang's son and played with him with a loving face. Song Liang asked Li Mu, "Have you talked to uncle and auntie?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's Friday. Help me book the plane tickets."

Song Liang asked him in a low voice, "Did you tell them about what happened over there?"

Li Mu shook his head. "Not yet. Don't mention Wan Ying's matter yet. I'll explain it to them when we get to Beijing."

Song Liang smiled and nodded. "Okay, give me your ID numbers and I'll book the tickets."

"Good.

Li Mu said, "I still have something that I need your help with. You're here just in time."

"Speak."

Li Mu pulled Song Liang to the balcony and said, "My cousin was bullied at school. The other party is a hooligan from the High School Department. It's actually a small matter, but I can't bear to see him suffer."

Song Mingliang nodded. "That's easy. What do you want to do?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you want me to beat up a high school student, or find someone to beat up a high school student, I can't afford to lose that person. I heard that he has a big brother outside school, I was thinking …"

After hearing this, Song Liang said with a smile, "Okay, I'll arrange it. How about the ecological park at noon today?"

“OK。”

…

Song Liang's family of three left after sitting for half an hour. Papa Lee and Li Ma also had something to do, so they followed them out. When Song Liang left, he left a car key for Li Mu. His Benz was parked downstairs. Li Mu called Xiao Hao's home. As soon as the phone rang, he was picked up. Xiao Hao's excited voice came through. "Brother!"

Li Mu was speechless. This kid must have been waiting in front of the phone early in the morning.

So Li Mu said, "I'll drive to your house to pick you up later. Tell your parents that I won't eat at home at noon. I'll take you out to eat."

"Okay." Xiao Hao immediately agreed and said with a little hesitation, "Brother, about the boxing …"

Li Mu said, "Come out in ten minutes. I'll pick you up."

"Okay!"

Li Mu drove Song Liang's car to the gate of Xiao Hao's community. After waiting for two minutes, Xiao Hao ran out of the community. Li Mu opened the door and called him up. When Xiao Hao saw Li Mu, he ran to the front of the car and looked at it. He got into the car excitedly and said excitedly, "Brother, where did you get the Benz!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You know the Benz?"

"Of course!" Xiao Hao said, "Benz, BMW, Audi, the German car troika."

Li Mu gave him a thumbs up. "Great, great. You didn't learn anything, but you know a lot."

As he said this, Li Mu started the car and asked him, "Children's Palace, right?"

Xiao Hao nodded his head like pounding garlic, and his expression was unbearably excited.

When Li Mu was his age, he also advocated strength. Even when he went to college and watched "The Cruel History of Porridge Street," he would fantasize that he could have that kind of wolfish nature and courage. It was just that his character in his previous life was much more cowardly than Xiao Hao's. Practicing boxing was just a dream.

When the car drove to Children's Palace, Xiao Hao took Li Mu to the boxing training class on the third floor of Children's Palace. Early in the morning, there were already more than a dozen teenagers practicing. Xiao Hao looked at others doing all kinds of fighting moves, and his eyes were fixed. Li Mu patted him and said, "Don't look at it first. After signing up, you will also be one of them."

Xiao Hao nodded excitedly and followed Li Mu to the registration office. Li Mu looked at the price list and found that the tuition fees were divided into several grades. Eight hundred a year was only the starting grade, and there were also grades of one thousand and two hundred a year, one thousand and four hundred a year, and two thousand a year.

After asking carefully, the slightly more expensive grades were mainly in addition to the normal classes, there were also one-on-one small classes. Li Mu signed up Xiao Hao for a grade of two thousand a year and spent nearly a thousand to buy a set of the best equipment here, which made Xiao Hao very embarrassed. He kept persuading Li Mu to choose an eight hundred a year and a half, but Li Mu didn't give him a chance to make a decision. After everything was done, he said to Xiao Hao, "If you want to learn boxing, then learn it well. But you have to be clear that learning this is to strengthen your body and have the ability to protect yourself, but it is not for you to compete with others. Do you understand?"

Xiao Hao nodded again and again and said, "I never take the initiative to cause trouble at school."

Li Mu nodded. He believed this, but only half of it. He knew that Xiao Hao would not take the initiative to cause trouble and fight, but when it came to girls, this kid would inevitably cause trouble in the future.

After the registration, the coach gave Xiao Hao a fixed cabinet, so that he could store all the equipment in the cabinet, so that he didn't have to carry it back and forth every time, and he was afraid that his parents would question or object if he brought it home, so it was the best place to put it.

Xiao Hao learned for an hour in the morning, and it could be seen that he was very interested in it. He was also very excited, and it seemed that he really had a little talent.

When it was almost lunchtime, Song Liang called, "I've arranged everything. You can come with your brother."

"Okay."

Li Mu hung up the phone, and Xiao Hao's class was just over, so Li Mu greeted him and said, "Let's go, I'll take you to lunch."

Xiao Hao didn't know that his big cousin had prepared a big battle for him.

…

Xu Hui was very excited today.

In the morning, when he was surfing the Internet in the Internet cafe, his boss, Brother Hei Zi, called him and asked him to hurry to the store to find him. He said that his boss, Er Bin, called him over for lunch and specifically asked him to bring Xu Hui.

Xu Hui, who had just relied on extortion and saving to get a Little Smart, thought that he was already a winner in life. He didn't expect that the boss of his boss, the legendary awesome Brother Er Bin, actually asked his boss to take him to lunch. Was he trying to flatter him?

Er Bin's full name was Wu Bin, and he was the second son of his family, so people called him Er Bin. He used to look after a disco in Haizhou. Later, his boss became rich and took care of him, dragging him to work on the construction site. He made a lot of money in the past six months.

Speaking of Er Bin's boss, who had some dealings with Li Mu, was actually Lu Yong, Zhang Wanjun's right-hand man. When Guo Yuhang asked Zou Hua to go to the driving school to teach Li Mu a lesson, it was Lu Yong who smashed Zou Hua's car.

When Xu Hui received a call from his boss, he immediately got off the phone and left. He hurried to the small karaoke bar opened by his boss, Hei Zi. Hei Zi's karaoke bar was not big. It had a small hall with an area of 50 or 60 square meters. Generally, customers would come here to order some snacks and beer, and then take turns to sing karaoke. Singing here was not like KTV's private rooms, which were charged by the hour. Singing a song here was two yuan. There were a few small private rooms inside, which were similar to KTV's. Usually, there were a few prostitutes in the society here to earn some extra money.

Hei Zi was basically a nobody in Haizhou's underworld. However, because his karaoke bar was very close to Fifth High School, he usually roped in a group of high school students to hang out with him. Not only did Hei Zi not give them money, but he also often asked his underlings to bring their classmates over. Hei Zi's reward for these students was that when they encountered some trouble at school, he would bring a few of his underlings to settle it.

Xu Hui had been with Hei Zi for more than a year. Usually, when school reopened, he would not attend classes properly. He would either go to the internet cafe or hang out in the karaoke bar. The karaoke bar was not open during the day, so Hei Zi would provide this small place for his underlings to have fun for free. Occasionally, one of his underlings would hook up with a few female gangsters and come over to the karaoke bar. Xu Hui would also often bring some random girls from school to 'play' here. These girls knew that he was very popular at school, and he was also with his big brother outside, so they had a kind of fanatical worship for him. Many of them took the initiative to give themselves to him. This kind of life was already considered very perfect for Xu Hui.

When they arrived at the karaoke bar, Hei Zi's underlings were sitting in the hall outside smoking and chatting. Hei Zi had just pulled up his pants and walked out of the private room at the back. When he saw Xu Hui, he nodded and greeted him, saying, "You're really something this time. Brother Erbin is treating us to a meal, and he said that he's not allowed to bring any underlings other than you."

When Xu Hui heard this, he was so excited that he trembled a little. "Brother Hei Zi, why would Brother Erbin specifically ask me to go …"

"Who knows?"

Hei Zi was also very puzzled. He smiled and said, "Who knows, maybe Brother Erbin has seen you before and thinks that you're smart enough, so he wants to bring you along."

Xu Hui was so excited that he didn't know how to respond. At this time, a girl wearing suspenders and an afro came out. When Xu Hui saw her, he was stunned on the spot. Wasn't this his classmate, Zhang Xiaojing?

F * ck, he wanted to sleep with her a few times, but this girl didn't let him. He didn't expect that she would turn around and sleep with his boss.

Zhang Xiaojing didn't feel awkward when she saw Xu Hui. She had followed Xu Hui to the karaoke bar a few times. Hei Zi saw that she was very young but had developed well, so he wanted to try to take her in. This Zhang Xiaojing also wanted to follow a big brother in society, so she naturally hooked up with Hei Zi. As for Xu Hui, he was just a springboard for her.

Hei Zi said to Zhang Xiaojing, "I'm going out with Huihui to do something. If you have nothing to do in the afternoon, go to the internet cafe and play for a while."

Zhang Xiaojing reached out her hand and said, "Give me some money to pay for my membership. My internet cafe membership card is empty."

Hei Zi generously took out a hundred yuan and handed it to Zhang Xiaojing. He said, "Eat lunch by yourself. I'll take you to eat something delicious tonight."

Zhang Xiaojing happily took the money and said with a smile, "Then you can't stand me up."

Hei Zi nodded and patted Xu Hui's back. "Let's go."

Xu Hui hurriedly followed him out of the karaoke bar, but he was very depressed. He brought Zhang Xiaojing to the bar to show off his muscles because he wanted to sleep with her. He didn't expect that he wouldn't be able to sleep with her, but his boss would sleep with her instead. Zhang Xiaojing clearly looked down on him and felt that he wasn't doing well enough. Otherwise, she wouldn't have chosen Hei Zi over him.

At this time, Hei Zi, who was walking half a body length in front, turned around and said to Xu Hui, "You're in luck this time. If Brother Erbin wants you for dinner, then you'll be able to hang out with Brother Erbin in the future."

Xu Hui was very happy, but he said, "Brother Hei Zi, I want to follow you!"

But in his heart, he cursed, "Damn, you even sleep with my little brother's woman. If Brother Erbin really wants me, then I won't hang out with you!

Sooner or later, I'll be better than you and sleep with the woman you want but can't! "

When Hei Zi heard Xu Hui's words, he was very happy. He smiled and said, "You have nothing else but loyalty!

But don't be stupid. If Brother Erbin really wants to take you, then go. Just remember in your heart who brought you up. "

Xu Hui hurriedly said, "Brother Hei Zi, you'll always be my big brother!"

Hei Zi nodded in satisfaction. "That's good enough!"

At this time, Wu Bin was already sitting in the private room of the Ecological Park Restaurant. He said to Lu Yong, "Brother Yong, I'm really sorry. I made such a mess and offended Brother Wanjun's friend."

Lu Yong patted his shoulder. "This matter has nothing to do with you. Don't feel pressured. Brother Wanjun is very reasonable. Moreover, the victim didn't really want to make a move. Otherwise, why would he need to put on such a show?"

Wu Bin slightly relaxed and said, "Don't worry. Even if the victim doesn't pursue this matter, I will pursue this matter with Hei Zi. This brat is too f * cking unambitious. He even went to school to take in underlings. He really f * cking embarrassed me!"

Lu Yong nodded and said seriously, "Tell him to behave himself in the future. If he dares to take in underlings again, I'll personally cripple him."

At this time, the private room's door was pushed open. Lu Yong and Wu Bin looked up and saw the person standing at the door. They were both stunned and hurriedly stood up. Lu Yong asked respectfully, "Brother Wanjun, why did you come personally?"