Chapter 700

After helping Xiao Hao solve the problem, Li Mu rested at home for a few days and was ready to return to Yanjing.

Papa Lee and Li Ma also followed Li Mu and Song Liang's family to fly to Yanjing on Friday for the 20 million second-stage venture capital.

Until the plane landed at Yanjing Airport, Li Ma was still muttering in her heart. Her son said that he could solve the problem of the 20 million interest-free loan. Was it true or false?

He said that he had a lot of connections in Yanjing, but 20 million was not a small amount. Even if he could borrow so much money, the mortgage process was indispensable, right?

The interest wouldn't be low either.

But thinking about it carefully, Li Mu seemed to have never boasted in front of them. Maybe he really had a way to solve the problem of 20 million.

Li Ma and Papa Lee were very enthusiastic about entrepreneurship at the moment. Working in the Xiling Coal Mine for the first half of their lives could only be said to be an iron rice bowl. After opening the Metersbonwe specialty store, they found the joy and direction of their career, and the continuous success also made them more and more confident in this industry. At the moment, the two of them were almost thinking about the contract of the department store. Even during the flight, Papa Lee and Li Ma were still whispering, discussing the specific details of how to operate after the funds were in place.

After getting off the plane, Wanying Real Estate sent two commercial cars. Song Liang's family of three, together with his parents-in-law, directly left. After saying goodbye to them, Li Mu's family of three went to the parking lot and took the Benz G55 that Li Mu had parked there.

It was the first time for Li Mu's parents to see Li Mu's Mercedes-Benz. While they were surprised that Li Mu had changed cars, Li Mu's father saw the logo of the Mercedes-Benz and sighed. "Son, this Mercedes-Benz must cost a lot, right?"

Nanny Li stared at the strange Mercedes-Benz off-road vehicle and muttered, "This car is too ugly. There are no lines at all. It's squarish like a coffin …" Speaking up to this point, Nanny Li also felt that it would be inauspicious to continue, so she took back her words and sighed, "Anyway, it's ugly enough."

Li Mu said awkwardly, "This car is so retro. Old off-road vehicles are all like this."

Li Ma said with a disgusted face, "In short, it's very ugly."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "You said that my Passat looks like a tortoise lid. I don't know what kind of car you think is beautiful."

Li Ma said with a smile, "I think Audi is very beautiful."

Li Mu couldn't help saying, "Then I'll change my father to an Audi later."

Li Ma hurriedly said, "Why change to an Audi? We are short of money now. His car is still brand new. He can't change it until he has been driving it for five years."

Then, Li Ma asked Li Mu curiously, "Son, is your car new?

How much is it? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let's talk in the car. You and dad can sit in the back row."

After getting in the car, Li Ma was still concerned about this problem. She asked Li Mu, "Son, this car is so big. It must cost hundreds of thousands, right?"

"Hundreds of thousands is probably not enough." Papa Lee said, "It has something to do with Benz. Shouldn't it be at least one million?"

"One million?" Nanny Li was dumbfounded. "So expensive?"

As Li Mu drove out of the parking lot, he said calmly, "This car costs more than three million."

The words "more than three million" shocked Papa Lee and Li Ma.

What was the concept of more than three million now? There were three houses in Yan Jing, and a smaller one could buy four or five houses.

In the eyes of Papa Lee and Li Ma, four or five houses in exchange for a car was extremely wasteful.

Li Ma asked Li Mu, "More than three million to buy a car? Are you crazy?

Besides, where did you get so much money? "

Li Mu said, "Didn't I tell you that I did something on my own in Yan Jing? I earned money by opening a company."

Papa Lee and Li Ma were not very surprised that Li Mu opened a company to make money. After all, when Li Mu quietly opened the Metersbonwe specialty store, they had already learned their son's ability and tricks. However, opening a company to make money to buy a car worth more than three million made Papa Lee and Li Ma somewhat unable to accept it.

Papa Lee couldn't help asking, "How much money can you make in a year by opening a company?

It cost more than three million to buy a car. "

Li Mu said, "Opening a company is not to make money, but to make a valuation."

Li Ma said, "Your father asked you how much money you make in a year. Be honest."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't worry about it. I'll tell you slowly when I get home. I can't explain it clearly in one or two sentences."

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at each other. Both of them were surprised and confused. Papa Lee whispered, "This brat is the best at making trouble. I think Song Liang's development in Yan Jing has something to do with him."

Li Ma suddenly understood. She thought of Song Liang's family, who came with him, and Song Liang had always taken good care of Li Mu. After thinking about it carefully, she realized that her husband was probably right.

Li Mu didn't continue to talk about this issue with his parents. He drove directly to the highway and then drove straight to Ziyun Villa. As for the details, it was not convincing to talk about it in this three-million-yuan Benz car, and it was not comfortable enough. It was better to go to the thirty-million-yuan villa and explain it to his parents in detail.

Papa Lee and Li Ma were sitting in the back of the Benz G55 at the moment. Although they were very surprised, they didn't ask Li Mu again when he was driving.

The car kept driving to the city. Li Ma suddenly thought of something and asked Li Mu, "Son, the house you rented is a three-bedroom, right?

Do you have extra sheets?

If not, let's buy some first. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Don't worry. All the daily necessities have been prepared. You don't need to buy anything."

Li Ma nodded and didn't ask anymore. The car went all the way to the gate of Ziyun Villa. When Li Mu swiped his card to enter the community, Papa Lee and Li Ma asked Li Mu in surprise, "Is this a villa area?"

Li Mu said, "Yes, it is a villa area."

Li Ma asked him in surprise, "Didn't you rent a house near the school?

Where is this place?

It doesn't look like a prosperous place. "

Li Mu said, "It's not far from our school. It's more than ten kilometers."

Li Ma was stunned and said to Papa Lee, "More than ten kilometers is not far?

If you want to open a house in Haizhou, it will be as far as Shilipu. "

"Yes."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "After all, Yan Jing is the capital. More than ten kilometers is not far here."

Li Ma nodded gently and asked Li Mu, "Son, you rented a house here?"

Li Mu said vaguely, "Yes, we'll be there soon."

Li Ma asked in confusion, "You rented a villa alone. Isn't it too extravagant and wasteful?"

"It's okay."

Li Mu said with a smile. He drove the car to the door of his villa and opened the door remotely. Li Mu drove the car directly into the yard. Before it got dark, Papa Lee and Li Ma could clearly see the whole picture of the villa. When they saw it up close, they were even more surprised. The whole villa looked bigger than the villas they passed by. They didn't understand why Li Mu rented such a big villa.

After parking the car in the yard, Li Mu took his parents into the interior of the villa and turned on all the lights. The exquisitely decorated interior of the villa was perfectly displayed in front of Papa Lee and Li Ma. It had to be said that Wei Lan's taste in decoration was really extraordinary. Not only did Li Mu like the decoration of this villa at first sight, but even Li Mu's parents were amazed by it. Not only did it look gorgeous and meaningful, but the designer's care could be seen in every detail.

Papa Lee and Li Ma first looked at the whole floor of the villa as if they were visiting a tourist attraction. Then they returned to the large living room and asked Li Mu, "Isn't the rent of such a villa expensive?"

Li Mu sat down on the extremely comfortable sofa and said with a smile, "There's no rent. I bought this villa."

"You bought it?!" Even though Papa Lee and Li Ma had seen a lot of things, they were suddenly caught off guard by Li Mu.

The two of them didn't know the specific level of the housing prices in Yan Jing, but such a large and gorgeous villa was at least tens of millions of yuan. It was really hard for them to believe.

Li Ma subconsciously asked Li Mu, "How much did it cost to buy this villa?"

Li Mu still played it down. "More than 30 million yuan."

"…"

Papa Lee and Li Ma looked at Li Mu as if they were looking at a monster. "More than 30 million yuan?

Son, don't scare your parents. We're not young anymore. We can't stand being scared like this. Where did you get the money? A car worth more than 3 million yuan and a villa worth more than 30 million yuan. Did you come to Yan Jing to study or to print money? "

Li Mu pulled his parents to sit on the sofa and then said seriously, "Dad, Mom, I started an Internet company. I'm lucky. The company is developing very smoothly, so I've made a lot of money."

Papa Lee felt that his worldview had been turned upside down. He blurted out, "Even if it's very smooth, it's impossible to make so much money in a year, right?"

Li Mu said very sincerely, "Logically speaking, it's very difficult to develop so fast. But if you don't take any detours and master the shortcuts that others don't, it's still possible to achieve all of this."

Papa Lee asked, "How much money did you make from the company?"

"It's not appropriate to measure it by how much money I made."

Li Mu scratched his head and explained with a smile, "According to the current valuation of the company, the shares in my hands should be worth at least a few billion yuan."

"A few … billion …" Papa Lee looked at Li Ma as if asking for help. It seemed that he couldn't say a complete sentence.

"I … This … You …"

Li Ma was also scared. The villa worth tens of millions of yuan had made her doubt the reality of what was happening in front of her. The number of billions was like a nuclear bomb detonating in her brain, making her mind chaotic for a while. In a short time, she almost lost all the ability to think, speak, and act.

Seeing that Li Ma couldn't help him, Papa Lee trembled and wanted to take out a cigarette. But after several attempts, he couldn't put his hand into his pocket. Li Mu hurriedly took out a cigarette from under the large European-style tea table and put it to his father's mouth to light it for him.

Papa Lee took a few deep breaths and then calmed down a little. He looked at Li Mu and asked with difficulty, "Son, you said that the shares in your hands are worth billions?"