Chapter 133

Chen Wan said that the major television stations in the country would start recruiting interns in November. The first to start recruiting was Hua Xia's Central TV, which would start selecting interns in early November. It was also the television station with the most participants and the toughest intern. Other than that, Xiangnan, Beijing, and Shanghai's local television stations would usually start recruiting at the end of November.

This kind of intern was a regular intern recruited by the TV station for the fourth-year students. It was different from Chen Wan's previous experience at the Shanghai TV station.

After the internship period was over, there was a very high chance that a real intern would directly sign on for an internship with a television station. If they applied for a job at a television station after graduation, the competition would be fierce, and the passing rate would be much lower, probably less than 1%. However, the probability of an intern signing directly was more than 20%, and some television stations even had a probability of more than 50%.

In Chen Wan's mind, what she hoped the most was to get into Hua Xia's Central TV, but it was too difficult. She didn't have much hope, but Yanjing TV Station was an internship opportunity that she had to fight for.

Li Mu was naturally very happy with Chen Wan's decision, but he couldn't help Chen Wan in any way. It all depended on Chen Wan's own ability. However, in his mind, he had a template for a variety show that would be very popular all over the country. If Chen Wan could successfully sign a contract with a powerful satellite TV station, he might be able to give her some good suggestions in the future. Super Girl, Fast Guy, Running Man, Fast Ben, If You Are the One, Where Are We Going, Dad, Hua Xia's The Voice, and so on. No matter which variety show, if she put her heart into it, it would be very popular all over the country.

However, Li Mu didn't say this out loud. After all, if he wanted to do this, he would need to have a very strong ability to allocate resources. Neither he nor Chen Wan had reached this level yet.

The two of them ate until late at night. Chen Wan drove Li Mu home. After saying goodbye at the entrance of the neighborhood, Li Mu walked home alone. He received another text message on his phone. He thought it was from Chen Wan, but it turned out to be from Zhao Ziqiu.

"Are you asleep?"

Li Mu: "I was just about to sleep."

"Did you miss me?"

Li Mu replied, "It's alright."

"What do you mean by okay?"

"It's alright … I just feel like it."

"You have no conscience. I missed you so much that I couldn't sleep."

"Then how do I make you fall asleep?"

"Take a guess?"

Li Mu felt like teasing her and replied, "Do I have to accompany you to sleep?"

"If you dare, my dad will kick you out!"

"Will he really?"

"I will!"

"Oh, then I won't go …"

"You're so annoying!"

After teasing for a while, the two of them said good night. That night, Li Mu unexpectedly dreamed of Zhao Ziqiu. However, this dream was very funny and dark.

In the dream, he didn't know why, but he was rolling in the sheets with Zhao Ziqiu at home. Her perfect figure and a pair of invincible breasts made Li Mu, an experienced old man, feel like a second brother. However, extreme joy turned to sorrow. At the most critical moment, the bedroom door in the dream was suddenly kicked open, and the person who kicked the door was an angry Su Yingxue. Before Li Mu could react, Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu were wrestling together, leaving him confused. He originally wanted to stop the fight, but when he opened his eyes, he woke up.

After waking up, Li Mu missed the wonderful feeling that Zhao Ziqiu gave him in the dream. At the same time, he was surprised that such a calm girl like Su Yingxue became a hot-tempered woman in his dream. However, he was not surprised for long. The strange thing in his crotch made him blush, and he hurriedly ran to the bathroom and quietly washed his underwear.

…

The next day, some of Li Mu's high school classmates began to organize a party. This National Day was the first long holiday after everyone went to school. Some classmates wanted to get together and talk about interesting things in college. The time was set for that night, but most of the classmates didn't seem to be very interested. A total of seven or eight people decided to go. Li Mu guessed that it was because Su Yingxue didn't come back, so most of the boys lost interest.

As for Li Mu himself, he was still hesitant to go, but he received a call from Song Liang in the afternoon. Song Liang said on the phone that he wanted to welcome him. When he thought that he hadn't taken the initiative to contact Song Liang when he came back, but Song Liang received the news and took the initiative to contact him, Li Mu felt somewhat guilty. He immediately agreed to have dinner with him in the ecological park in the evening, and then pushed away the small class reunion.

Song Liang and Li Mu's dinner was only for the two of them. Originally, Song Liang wanted to get a big private room, and then each of them would be served by a full-time waiter. However, Li Mu said that it would be better for the two of them to have a small private room, which would be more convenient to chat. Song Liang immediately arranged a small private room with a strong classical atmosphere. The two of them didn't rush to eat immediately. Instead, they ordered a pot of good tea and then drank tea and chatted in this antique private room.

From the beginning, when Song Liang heard some of Li Mu's deeds, he felt that this young man was extremely unusual. Now, his view of Li Mu had changed a lot. Now, he felt that Li Mu was a genius. Not only was he smart, but he also had good tricks.

As early as when someone on the Internet exposed that Guo Lin had mistresses, Song Liang guessed that Li Mu must be the mastermind behind it. At that time, he only felt that Li Mu was very good at using the Internet, and knew how to use it to achieve his own goals. However, what happened later made him horrified by Li Mu's tricks.

As soon as Wu Dong's accident case was exposed, someone on the Internet immediately reported inside information, and then even Guo Lin was involved in the story. Then, there was a bloody storm on the Internet. The Provincial Department and the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection sent out investigation teams. Wu Dong was arrested, Guo Lin was arrested, Guo Lin's wife Xue Guilan was also arrested, and even the second-in-command of the Municipal Bureau, Li Jiawei, was arrested.

Others might not be able to guess who was behind this matter, but Song Liang was well aware of it. Although he didn't have any evidence to support his opinion, his intuition was extremely convinced that this matter was done by Li Mu.

Just for the sake of dealing with Guo Lin, Li Mu had made such a big fuss, not hesitating to sacrifice the futures and fates of so many people. These methods made Song Liang exclaim in admiration. He understood in his heart that one's strength did not depend on one's background or age. This brat Li Mu definitely had the potential to become a formidable character in the future!

Therefore, at this moment, when Song Liang looked at Li Mu, he had already put him on the same level as himself.

The two of them drank tea and chatted. Suddenly, Song Liang asked Li Mu about his feelings in Yanjing. Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "Yanjing is too big. I haven't familiarized myself with it in a month, so I can't say anything about my feelings."

Song Liang laughed. "Yanjing is big, so big that people like me never dare to think about it. In fact, I think that in the real estate industry, Yanjing and Shanghai are the way to go. In the next few years, the growth of housing prices in these two cities will definitely far exceed that of any place in the country."

"Why are you so sure, Brother Liang?" Li Mu asked curiously.

Song Liang smiled and said, "It's simple. The concentration of resources isn't as simple as the size of the city and the number of enterprises. Although the top universities in the country are all over the country, Yanjing and Shanghai have the highest proportion. High-tech industries are also gathered in these two cities. In the future, a large number of high-quality talents will settle in these places. So you see, the most resources and high-end jobs are concentrated in Yanjing. It's the same for the best hospitals in the country, as well as the best high schools, middle schools, elementary schools, and even kindergartens. When a city reaches such a powerful concentration of resources, it will naturally become an inch of gold, and the most closely related to the word 'an inch of gold' is real estate!"

Li Mu looked at Song Liang in shock, and in his heart, he had a whole new level of respect for him. He had been reborn, and he had personally experienced what Song Liang said in the future. But for Song Liang to make such a judgment in 2001, it could be seen that this person's vision was extraordinary.

So, Li Mu asked, "Brother Liang, why don't you consider going to Yanjing or Shanghai for development?"

Song Liang sighed softly and said, "I don't want to stay in a small place like Haizhou for the rest of my life. Now that I have some capital in my hands, I also want to go out and develop. However, after going around, I found that it's difficult to break through the pattern of Haizhou, let alone Yanjing."

Li Mu was puzzled. "Why?"

Song Liang said, "I came from Jinling. Jinling is the market of Tianming's father. He trained me by himself. I can't go to Jinling to compete with him. This is the rule. However, other cities in Nansu Province like Haizhou are all occupied by local tyrants. It's very difficult to expand the market, not to mention that these cities haven't developed much for the time being."

Li Mu didn't know much about real estate, so he asked, "If you go to Yanjing to develop, what do you lack now?"

Song Liang thought for a moment and said, "I lack money, connections, and good projects."

Li Mu asked, "You are so optimistic about the future development of Yanjing. Any piece of land in Yanjing will become a good real estate project in the future, right?"

"Yes, but I can't do it."

Song Liang smiled and explained, "Real estate is a very special industry. There are too many things needed. From the beginning, you have to have the qualifications of a business. After getting the qualifications, you have to get the land from the government. In a city like Yanjing, you have to rely on auctions to get the land. This is not only about connections, but also about financial resources. After getting the land, you have to get a loan from the bank. This is not only about connections, but also about luck."

"Under normal circumstances, loans are nothing to be afraid of, because once the house is sold and the funds come in, a large amount of cash will flow back. However, for a real estate developer in a small city like me, I don't have enough money and confidence. If the policy changes slightly, or the bank's policy is slightly tightened, I may fall into the swamp of funds. If the follow-up funds can't keep up and the development is not completed, then the efforts of the first half of my life will basically be in vain."

Li Mu nodded gently. He thought that those who could engage in real estate development in Yanjing and Shanghai were definitely not ordinary people. Not to mention Song Liang, even the famous Shanxi coal boss couldn't play in real estate in Yanjing. In the end, he could only use a distorted way to participate in the construction of the capital's real estate, and that was to buy like crazy.

Li Mu even heard that a building had just opened and was bought by the Shanxi coal boss, and this kind of thing was not uncommon.