Chapter 1255

Ning Hao had a lot of shrewdness in his own ways.

He had never told Xie Xie that he wanted Liu Ye to act as the male lead in "Flying Tigers". His biggest worry was that the news would be leaked in advance. If the other party's management company held onto this point and refused to let him go, then it would be troublesome to deal with it. Moreover, he did not understand Liu Ye's character and personality. It was better to talk to him face to face than over the phone. He would find a suitable opportunity to speak to him after he had a certain understanding of him.

Whether it was Xie Xie or Liu Ye himself, even if it was just a chance to get a role in this movie, it would already be a great thing for them. Neither of them dared to ask for a chance to play the male lead in such a huge production.

At this time, the weather in Beijing was still very cold, but in order to look formal, Liu Ye purposely wore a thin suit. The suit made him look especially energetic, but Xie Xie said worriedly, "You're wearing so little, you'll definitely be cold when you go out later. Why don't you wear a down jacket outside!"

"No, no."

Liu Ye waved his hand with a serious face. He looked at himself in the mirror, straightened his collar, and said very seriously, "An actor must have the professionalism of an actor. As long as the director needs it, I can wear a cotton jacket in the dog days of summer, shorts in the dog days of winter. Wearing a down jacket outside of a suit is not appropriate."

Xie Xie said, "It's not like I'm asking you to go for an audition or shoot a movie. It's just going out for a meal, it's fine if you wear more."

Liu Ye shook his head and said, "This is a rare opportunity, there can't be any mistakes. I'll just wear this, it's fine."

Xie Xie couldn't change his mind, so he could only nod.

Ning Hao drove the company's GL8 and arrived at the entrance of Liu Ye's rented apartment. Liu Ye was afraid that Ning Hao would wait for him, so he and Xie Xie had already waited by the roadside. After standing in the cold wind for more than ten minutes, Liu Ye was completely frozen.

After stopping the car in front of the two, Ning Hao rolled down the window and said, "Hello, Liu Ye, Xie Xie. I'm Ning Hao."

Before this, Liu Ye and Xie Xie had no idea what Ning Hao looked like. When they saw Ning Hao, Liu Ye was slightly taken aback. He felt that this big brother's appearance, appearance, and the way he was sitting in the car, no matter how he looked at it, he looked like an unlicensed driver.

However, Liu Ye quickly recovered and politely nodded at Ning Hao. He said respectfully, "Hello, Brother Hao!"

Xie Xie also bowed and greeted, "Hello, Brother Hao!"

Ning Hao didn't expect Liu Ye, the Golden Horse Award Best Actor, to be as polite as a college student, so he waved his hand and said with a smile, "Don't call me Brother Hao, just call me Haozi."

After saying that, Ning Hao hurriedly said: "Aiya, the weather is rather cold. You two hurry up and get in the car, sit at the back."

"Alright, thank you, Brother Hao."

Liu Ye said and reached out to open the back door of the GL8. Because it was a little difficult to sit inside, he said to Xie Xie, "I'll sit inside."

After saying that, he bent over and got into the car. He sat in the back seat, then reached out and gently pulled Xie Xie in. He didn't forget to lean over to Xie Xie's right side and close the sliding door of the GL8.

Liu Ye's little consideration was seen by Ning Hao through the car's rearview mirror. He thought to himself that this Liu Ye was really a meticulous person. In most cases, a meticulous person would be even more meticulous in doing things. At the very least, his attitude was much better than the average person's.

Ning Hao drove the car on the road and said in a particularly easy-going tone, "It's really cold today. Let's go and eat mutton hotpot. I know an old Yan Jing mutton hotpot restaurant. It tastes great and it's especially warm when you eat it."

Liu Ye hurriedly said, "Thank you, Brother Hao. You can arrange it. Both of us are fine."

Ning Hao asked with a smile, "You don't have any taboos, right?"

Liu Ye said, "No, both of us are not picky."

Xie Xie also smiled and said, "That's right, Brother Hao. I actually really like eating mutton."

"Alright then, I'll make a call and ask them to reserve a private room for me no matter what. Let's talk while we eat …"

…

In a mutton hotpot restaurant in Dongcheng, Ning Hao ordered a large table of dishes and asked Liu Ye to drink some white wine.

Liu Ye agreed without hesitation, but asked with some worry, "Brother Hao, you're driving. It's not safe to drink, right?"

Ning Hao waved his hand, "Hey, just park the car here and take a taxi back. I'll call a taxi to send you back first."

Liu Ye hurriedly said, "There's no need to be so troublesome. We can go back by ourselves later."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "Don't be so polite. I don't live far from your place. It's on the way."

When Liu Ye heard this, he didn't stand on ceremony anymore. The waiter brought a very ordinary bottle of Niulanshan Erguotou and poured a glass for each of them. He also brought a bottle of Sprite for Xie Xie.

Ning Hao raised his glass and said to the two of them, "This is the first time I'm sitting with the two of you for a meal. Come, let me give you a toast."

Liu Ye was flattered and said, "Brother Hao, you're too polite. We should be the ones toasting you."

Ning Hao waved his hand, "What do you mean by 'you'? We're not that different in age. Don't treat us like we're two generations apart."

With that, Ning Hao raised his glass and said, "Come, let's drink first. Anything is fine!"

Liu Ye's alcohol tolerance was not bad and he was an honest person. Although anything was fine, he was afraid that it would be impolite if he drank too little. He downed a third of the glass in one gulp. Ning Hao's alcohol tolerance was not worse than his. As he drank, he looked at the glass from the corner of his eye. After one gulp, he placed the glass flat. It was almost the same as the wine in Liu Ye's glass.

Actually, according to the rules of the entertainment industry, Liu Ye's status was much higher than the current Ning Hao. Ning Hao was indeed not very famous. "Crazy Stone" had not been released yet, while Liu Ye was already a Best Actor. Moreover, his salary was not low. It was estimated that when the current TV series became popular, his salary would be able to enter the ranks of the domestic A-listers. So there was really no need for him to be so polite to Ning Hao.

However, even though Ning Hao was a loser, he had a very close relationship with Li Mu. It could be said that he was Li Mu's spokesperson in the film and television industry. And in terms of status, it would not be an exaggeration to say that Li Mu's status was higher than all the celebrities in the country combined. So because of his close relationship with Li Mu, in the entire entertainment industry, even the most experienced and powerful big brothers in the industry would be polite to Ning Hao. Liu Ye was naturally aware of this. So from the beginning until now, he had been very respectful to Ning Hao.

After drinking a glass of wine, Ning Hao finally got down to business. He smiled and said, "Actually, I've already explained the main reason why I invited the two of you out today. We are currently preparing for a movie called" Flying Tigers ". Currently, the casting for Hua Xia has not been finalized. We are interested in inviting you to play a role in it."

Liu Ye's heartbeat suddenly sped up as he heard Ning Hao's words. He put down his glass and chopsticks, sat up straight, looked at Ning Hao, and asked seriously, "Brother Hao, what role does your company want me to play?"

Ning Hao smiled faintly and said, "We're not in a hurry as to what kind of role we'll be playing. However, I can guarantee you that this role has more than two digits of lines and screen time. It's definitely a relatively important role."

As soon as he said this, Liu Ye and Xie Xie looked at each other, their hearts filled with excitement.

In a movie, it wasn't a big deal if there were more than two digits of lines. Even if there were twenty lines, they might be finished in one scene and one conversation. If it was one scene, it would only be one scene. Even if it was a storyboard, ten lines would only be five or six scenes. If the number of lines could be guaranteed and the number of scenes could be guaranteed, then the exposure of the character would be more than enough.

Liu Ye was excited, but he cautiously asked, "That's right, Brother Hao, will it be a positive role or a negative role?"

Liu Ye didn't want to be happy and then have to play a Japanese soldier in "Flying Tigers". If that happened, it would be really awkward.

Ning Hao's reply immediately dispelled Liu Ye's worries, "Don't worry, the role will definitely be positive. To be more specific, it will be a Hua Xia member of the Flying Tigers."

A Hua Xia member of the Flying Tigers. This role would definitely be completely positive. All of Liu Ye's worries were completely dispelled at this moment. He said excitedly, "Brother Hao, I'm willing to play this role!"

Ning Hao smiled and said, "According to the requirements of our Makino Image, the main actors of this movie must first sign a contract with us. So if you are interested in taking this role, then you must terminate your contract with your current company and sign a contract with us. This is the prerequisite for cooperation."

Speaking up to this point, Ning Hao added, "But don't worry, we'll bear all the costs of breaching the contract. If there are any legal issues involved, we'll also step in to resolve it."

Liu Ye nodded without hesitation, "No problem!

I'm willing to sign in to Makino Image!

To be honest, whether it is Makino Image or Makino Technology, they are both companies that I respect very much! "

Ning Hao laughed, "We haven't even talked about the details of the contract, and you're already agreeing so quickly?"

Liu Ye said seriously, "No matter how the contract is written, I'm willing to sign in to Makino Image."

Although Liu Ye's words were firm, he was still a little nervous and worried. He didn't know what kind of contract Muye Impression would give him. What if it was too restrictive? What if it was too long? What if it was too little? What if it was too little? What if it was too little? What if it was too little in return? But he also had a balance in his heart. With such a big company like Muye Technology, Muye Impression would certainly not be like those small companies in the industry who had no bottom line.

In the film and television industry, many small companies would sign very harsh contracts with their actors. But because many actors didn't have much of a say in the industry, they could only sign contracts for the sake of opportunities. Liu Ye's current contract was relatively harsh, because it was signed before he became famous. Both his rights and benefits were greatly suppressed and exploited. However, a company like Makino Image would definitely not play the same game as these small companies.