Chapter 1386

In May, the weather in Beijing began to heat up rapidly.

The rapidly rising temperature was not good news for a contagious epidemic like SARS. However, the epidemic in Beijing began to cool down significantly in May.

People from all walks of life had donated billions of yuan to SARS. The Ministry of Health had set up higher-level SARS disease control centers in Beijing and many other cities across the country, especially Xiaotangshan Hospital in Beijing, which had become the largest SARS isolation and treatment center in the country.

The epidemic had been effectively controlled, and at the same time, the speed of the spread of the epidemic had also been significantly controlled. Although there were news of infected patients passing away from time to time, the spread of the epidemic had finally been contained. In the announcement issued by the Ministry of Health to the whole country, it conveyed a very exciting news: From now on, the SARS epidemic in the three regions of Huaxia and the mainland had officially entered the stage of subtraction!

It was already a stage victory to be able to stop the spread of the epidemic from continuing to spread. At the same time, it was also effective in reducing the number of infected people, which was a greater stage victory.

The people of the whole country breathed a sigh of relief, and their hearts were greatly relaxed and comforted. However, they did not dare to relax their mentality of serious individual and family epidemic prevention.

Li Mu also breathed a sigh of relief. The country's powerful and effective disease control measures reflected the super operating efficiency of the national machinery in times of crisis, and also gave great confidence to the people. What made Li Mu even more gratified was that the Ministry of Health officially expressed their gratitude to Taobao Technology and Makino Technology in the form of a document, thanking the two companies for donating a large number of high-end disease control products, which provided more efficient safety protection for the medical staff. At the same time, they also thanked the two companies for popularizing scientific epidemic prevention knowledge to the people, which played a very good role in stopping the spread of the epidemic.

What was more far-reaching was the unprecedented charity gala. After the gala, the people of the three regions of the two sides of the Taiwan Straits recognized each other very highly. It was not an exaggeration to say that they were unprecedentedly united. This was because the performance did not only inspire the people of mainland Hua Xia, but also all the Chinese people in the world.

The Mainland Red Cross Society and the Anti-Sars Charity Foundation also fit the theme of the gala very well. They divided 20% of the donations from all channels and donated them to the Red Cross Societies of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, which moved the people of the three regions. No one dared to underestimate this 20%, because the actual amount behind it was more than 500 million yuan!

While the people of the three regions of the two sides of the Taiwan Straits were friendly and united, Lucas had already taken the copyright of "Zombie Taoist" and several other zombie movies. He had obtained it from the Motion Picture Association of America and began to make ratings and prepare for the follow-up release. The advance team of Xiangnan Satellite TV's "Life to Long" program had also been searching around Beijing for a week.

They carefully ran through the mountainous areas in the northeast, northwest and southwest of Beijing, and finally screened out three locations that they thought were the best for filming. Then the relevant information of the three locations was summarized and sent to Li Mu, hoping that Li Mu would choose it himself.

Although Xiangnan Satellite TV once doubted whether this kind of farming variety show could be popular, or even whether anyone liked to watch it, but when they got the promise that Li Mu would participate in person, they had already regarded Li Mu as the biggest behind-the-scenes boss of the show. The location was related to the core scene of the first season of 12 + 1, so it was particularly important.

For Li Mu, he was very confident in "Life to Long For". After all, when the show was launched in his previous life, the response was very good, and his own magical modification will add a "currency main line" and some task points that can be combined with "Paradise Town", so the promotion of this show in this life will not fail.

Moreover, he really liked variety shows like The Life I Look Forward to and Where Are We Going, Dad, that were closer to life and were tranquil and carefree. They allowed people to sit in front of the television and not get agitated, manic, angry, or anxious. They could make people smile from the bottom of their hearts the entire time, and occasionally, their eyes would light up because of something that was closer to life, or because of a celebrity's down-to-earth behavior, allowing them to discover a different side of a celebrity. Occasionally, they would naturally feel a little touched, but it wouldn't make them cry and would only make them smile. Such a show was the kind of existence that could truly stand tall in the long river of variety shows. It might not be as phenomenal as Running Man or The Voice, but it would definitely be more in-depth than those other shows and could stand the test of time.

Thinking back to his previous life, when he was forced to work as a programmer in Beijing, when he saw such a reality show, he would really feel an unprecedented sense of relaxation and joy. The pressure of living in the city was too great, and with the 996 life of a programmer, he basically did not even have time to lift his head to look at the sky, not to mention the high cost of living, the poor situation, and the uncertain future. Houses, cars, women, and career were all heavy burdens on him. Having been living such a boring life, suddenly seeing such a show that is far away from the hustle and bustle of the city gave him a different kind of warmth.

It was precisely because of his confidence and personal feelings towards this reality show that Li Mu paid special attention to it. And when the program team sent him the information of the three alternative locations, he studied them very seriously for a very long time.

Li Mu carefully analyzed the three places in the northeast, northwest, and southwest. The first one was near Shidu in the southwest. It was surrounded by mountains and rivers, and the environment was very good. The only drawback was that Shidu was developed as a tourist attraction earlier, so there were a lot of tourists. Especially in May, the weather was getting warmer. During the Labor Day holiday, the temperature in Yan Jing even broke 30 degrees. So Shidu almost overnight became the first choice of tourist attractions for Yan Jing people.

Places with too many tourists were not very good, because most of the tourists were from the city. They knew the celebrities, knew the status of the celebrities, and liked to chase after them, which would bring a lot of interference to the filming. If Huang Lei was sitting in the yard cooking, and He Lu was helping to chop firewood, and suddenly two heads popped out from the top of the wall, and the two girls said excitedly, "Teacher Huang Lei, Teacher He Lu, we are your fans, can you sign with us?"

What should they do?

And so, Shidu passed.

The second one was near Badaling in the northwest. It was a rural area that had not been developed for tourism. It was also surrounded by mountains and rivers, but the natural environment was slightly worse than Shidu. However, the investigation team said in the information that there were very few outsiders in this village, and the people in the village were relatively simple.

However, Li Mu thought of another point. The undeveloped rural area around Badaling would not be disturbed by tourists, but there were a lot of people going to Badaling!

If Shidu was a hidden scenic spot that was only known around Yan Jing, then Badaling was simply a super scenic spot that was famous both in China and abroad. The Badaling Highway was congested like a dog on the weekends, and it was very common to be stuck in traffic for hours on the way out of the capital. The investigation team did not mention the traffic jam at all, most likely because it was not a weekend or holiday when they went there.

Thinking about it, the program team set up cameras, sound recordings, and lighting equipment in the mountain villages around Badaling. A large group of people and permanent guests were waiting to be guests in the mountain village on Saturday. Huang Lei had prepared lunch, but he did not see anyone until two o 'clock in the afternoon. He called and said that he was stuck on the Badaling highway, and there were still 20 kilometers to the destination. What should he do then?

When talking about Badaling, which old driver in Yan Jing would not tremble?

Therefore, Badaling was also passed.

The third place was Miyun in the northeast, at the foot of the mountain near the Great Wall of Simatai, but this place was the least recommended one out of the three alternatives by the program team, because it was relatively far from Yan Jing City. It was more than a hundred kilometers away from Yan Jing City.

However, Li Mu remembered that the Great Wall of Simatai was not very popular in recent years. Most people did not know much about it and did not pay much attention to it. This place became popular after a few years, when Gubei Water Town was developed. Li Mu had been to the Great Wall of Simatai before, and it was indeed a more authentic Ming Dynasty Great Wall. The mountain was steep and particularly spectacular, and there was a mountain and a river on one side. The environment was very good, otherwise, it would not be possible to build a tourism project like Gubei, which was worth billions of investment. Taking advantage of the fact that the place was not popular yet, it should be very good to go and experience the original local scenery.

Moreover, although Simatai was relatively far from the city, as long as the traffic was not so serious, the journey would only take about two hours. Although the road was a little far, it was much better than Badaling.

Therefore, Li Mu replied to the program team and told them his choice: Simatai!

Simatai had mountains, water, and the Great Wall, which satisfied him more than any other place. Moreover, because of the beautiful scenery of the nearby Yuanyang Lake, Li Mu also suggested that they could prepare a kayak and some fishing gear, and then give the guests an additional task to choose: fishing.

After sending the email, the first thing that came to Li Mu's mind was Gubei Water Town. Gubei Water Town was a very interesting place. It was a thoroughly modern man-made scenic spot, but because it relied on the beautiful mountains, water, and beautiful scenery in the suburbs of Beijing, and the Great Wall of Simatai, which was a rich historical and cultural scenic spot, in addition to its excellent design, planning, and operation, it became one of the most successful man-made ancient towns in the country. Although it could not compare to Wuzhen, which had a rich historical precipitation and architectural hardware, it was definitely second to none among the man-made ancient towns.

As for Chen Xianghong, who developed Gubei Water Town, he himself was a pioneer in the tourism development of Wuzhen Ancient Town. He should still be working hard in Wuzhen. If he wanted to touch Simatai, he would have to wait at least seven or eight years. Instead of that, it was better to do this project first.

In the future, ancient town tourism would become a comprehensive development of tourist attractions. Not only could it provide basic tourism and cultural tourism, but it could also be combined with film and television projects as a filming base, especially variety shows, to develop the entertainment tourism industry. Whether it was Wuzhen or Gubei Water Town, they had borrowed a lot from film and television programs, variety shows, and reality shows. Then, it would be a stage of rapid development, with a net profit of hundreds of millions a year. Coupled with all kinds of additional value, it was indeed a very good tourism real estate project.

Moreover, what was very interesting about investing in such a project was that he did not need to pay for it at all. He would first contact the local government and help the local tourism industry develop. Moreover, with a huge investment of several billion yuan, the local government would definitely give great support. The cost of acquiring the land would be reduced, and the business tax and other expenses would be reduced. He could even get financial support from the local government.

Moreover, there were also major state-owned tourism companies behind him, among which there was no lack of listed groups like the China Youth Travel Service. If he cooperated with them, he would be able to obtain more resources and help. When the time came, he would provide the project and money, the local government would provide the manpower and money, and the state-owned tourism company would provide the money. It would be a three-party joint venture. It would be very easy to land a real estate project worth several billion yuan. Moreover, because the proposal, planning, and landing would be done by him, the value of the project to the local government and the state-owned tourism company would definitely increase.

If there was a total investment of five billion yuan, he would subscribe to two billion yuan, and the subscribed share would be 40%. However, because the project was his, he would have to rely on himself for the planning, planning, and landing. Even later, he would have to rely on himself for the marketing resources. Therefore, his two billion yuan would have to account for 60% of the shares. In this case, the remaining three billion yuan investment would only be equivalent to 40% of the shares. Then, to other investors, the project would be valued at 7.5 billion yuan.

And because the local government needed to rely on himself to help the local expand tourism resources and dig deeper into the tourism industry, it was reasonable for them to invest more money and hold less shares.

Because the state-owned tourism company was the main source of revenue, it was even more important for them to respect the contributions of the veteran drivers. Investing more money and holding less shares was completely in line with the market rules for them.

Moreover, the total investment of five billion yuan could be at least half or even more than half of it through bank loans. If the local government and the Yan Jing municipal government supported it, then it was very likely that they would be able to exchange for long-term low-interest loans. They could even get strong support from the government for the infrastructure such as water supply, power supply, and heating in the scenic area. In this way, the actual investment required for the project would be further reduced.

A super large tourism real estate project would have a future profit cycle of at least twenty years. If it was operated well, even thirty years would not be a problem. In this case, the future net profit space could exceed ten billion yuan. If calculated according to this ratio, he might only need to invest a few hundred million yuan to share at least six billion yuan of long-term income. It was a very cost-effective deal. Moreover, this kind of deal was not like commercial real estate. Its existence was not to inflate the land price, but to revitalize the local economy, increase the local financial income, and increase the local tourism employment, as well as the surrounding tourism income.

Think about how much income a five billion yuan investment project could bring to the local area when it was built.

Think about it again, after the completion of the project, the local financial income might increase by one billion yuan a year or even more. At least a thousand local people might be able to work in the scenic area and get a salary similar to that of the city residents. The villagers in the surrounding area might have an annual income of less than ten thousand yuan, but they might be able to earn tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of yuan a year through Farmhouse Tourism.

As for the urban tourists who were tired of the hustle and bustle of the city, they could spend some money that was irrelevant to get a rare moment of relaxation and emptiness. They could relieve their stress, ease their mood, and feel the good …

All in all, this was definitely a great project that would benefit many parties!