Chapter 1213

Lawrence's utilitarianism and petty tricks even made Li Mu look down on Harvard a little.

In his eyes, Harvard had lost the halo of being the world's top university. What replaced it was a familiar smell of money.

Whether it was Lawrence or James Keane, they made Harvard become more and more stony in Li Mu's heart. It was like a gaudy and tacky dress.

Therefore, under the influence of this mentality, Li Mu really didn't want Su Yingxue to continue to stay here as an exchange student. It would be better for her to come back to China, which was more reassuring.

However, Li Mu also knew that with Su Yingxue's character, she basically wouldn't change her mind once she had decided on something. She certainly wouldn't agree to give up the exchange program at Harvard and return to China. However, he still wanted to give it a try. He didn't expect that Su Yingxue really wouldn't agree.

After his rebirth, Li Mu knew better than before. He saw that Su Yingxue really didn't want to stop the exchange program, so he stopped mentioning it.

At this time, Xie Huairu came out of the kitchen. The first thing he did was to ask everyone to take a seat. Since there was no Chinese chef in the restaurant, the dinner was completely prepared with Western food. More than ten people were arranged to sit in front of a long rectangular table.

Before taking a seat, Dong Ai said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, you sit here with me." After saying that, she directly gave up the seat next to Su Yingxue and went to another empty seat.

Since Li Mu sat on the side and there was Su Yingxue next to him, Lawrence could only shamelessly sit opposite Li Mu. He smiled and called Xie Huairu over.

Seeing that Li Mu and Su Yingxue were sitting together, Xie Huairu felt a little annoyed. He knew that Li Mu came to Harvard this time because of Lawrence's invitation, but in fact, he came for Su Yingxue.

During the days when Su Yingxue was in Harvard, Xie Huairu paid a lot of attention to her. Not only was he particularly curious about Su Yingxue, but his sister, Xie Yun, had also asked him to pay more attention to Su Yingxue. Although Xie Yun didn't specifically ask him to pay attention to Su Yingxue, Xie Huairu was very clear that his sister wanted him to pay more attention to her. One was for him to do a good job in the intelligence station and stand guard, and the other was for him to help her research this competitor of Zhao Ziqiu.

After everyone took their seats, the waiters immediately began to serve all kinds of dishes. Several bottles of high-grade red wine that Lawrence had placed in the dining room were also taken out by the waiters. The waiters poured some red wine into everyone's glass. Xie Huairu whispered to Li Mu, "Li Zong, say a few words?"

No matter if it was an eastern or western tradition, someone would always say a few words at the beginning of a meal. This was Harvard's territory, Lawrence's home ground. Out of courtesy and respect, Li Mu had to say a few words to Lawrence first and let him, the host, say a few words first. However, Li Mu completely ignored him. He stood up with his glass of wine and said to everyone present in Chinese,

"Almost all of you here are classmates and senior sisters of our National People's Congress. There are no outsiders, so I won't say those polite words. It's really a rare opportunity for everyone to get together across the ocean. I sincerely wish everyone good luck and hope that your days as exchange students at Harvard will be smooth and successful!"

After saying that, Li Mu raised his glass high and said, "Come, let's have a toast!"

All the students of the National People's Congress were excited. They all stood up with their glasses in their hands. Xie Huairu was Chinese. When he heard that they wanted to have a toast together, he subconsciously stood up. However, Lawrence, who was sitting next to him, looked puzzled. He pulled the corner of Xie Huairu's clothes and asked him in a low voice, "Xie, what are you doing?"

Only then did Xie Huairu come to his senses. Li Mu said that the students of the National People's Congress should have a toast together. Why did he stand up as well? So he hurriedly sat back down and whispered in Lawrence's ear, "Li Mu just wanted to have a toast with the students of the National People's Congress. The custom at Hua Xia's wine bar is to have a toast together first."

Lawrence muttered in his heart. The custom in America was to have a toast together and say "Cheers". Why was there a difference in treatment when it came to Li Mu? To have a toast with the students of the National People's Congress first?

The students of the National People's Congress were all very excited at this moment. After everyone had a toast together, Li Mu smiled and said, "Let's follow the rules of Hua Xia. Three glasses of wine. This is the first glass. After three glasses, everyone is free to do whatever they want."

Xie Huairu translated in Lawrence's ear, "They have to do this three times in a row. After that, they can communicate with each other in private and drink."

Lawrence nodded slightly and sighed in his heart. He had really made a bad move this time. He had really offended Li Mu. Li Mu would leave tomorrow. Before he left, he had to find a way to remedy it. Otherwise, it would be difficult to find another opportunity.

At the dining table, Li Mu was too lazy to talk to Lawrence. He had been speaking in Mandarin with the students of the National People's Congress. Not to mention Lawrence, he didn't even pay attention to Xie Huairu.

Lawrence didn't know what Li Mu was talking about, but he kept Xie Huairu's words in mind. After seeing Li Mu toast three times with the other students, the atmosphere at the dining table suddenly became even more enthusiastic. Everyone quickly began to chat with each other, and the atmosphere was quite lively.

Seeing that no one was paying attention to him despite the enthusiastic exchange, Lawrence hesitated again and again before he opened his mouth and said to Li Mu with a smile, "Mr. Li, I have something to say to everyone. Is that okay?"

Li Mu raised his head and glanced at him. He didn't immediately respond, but stared at him for more than ten seconds, which made Lawrence's hair stand on end. Only then did he turn his head to the other students at the table and said, "Everyone, please be quiet. President Lawrence wants to say a few words to everyone."

The others didn't know about the conflict and estrangement between Li Mu and Lawrence. As the president of Harvard, everyone was still very respectful to Lawrence. Hearing that the president also wanted to say a few words, everyone stopped talking and eating, and looked at Lawrence quietly, waiting for him to speak.

Lawrence stood up, held his wine glass, and said with a serious expression, "Harvard has been established for so many years, but this is the first time that we have cooperated with the People's University on a student exchange. All of you are excellent students from the People's University. Your arrival has allowed me to see the spirit of the people's university, and even the entire Huaxia Building. It has left a deep impression on me."