Chapter 636

An Internet company would have new ideas every day, but if every idea had to be tried, most of the Internet companies would go bankrupt. This was because the Internet industry was not the same as other industries. Every attempt at the product level would involve a whole series of work, such as: plan demonstration, requirement demonstration, requirement confirmation, development, modification, internal testing, and launch. Even adding a very simple small function to a product was inseparable from such a process. The only difference was the amount of work involved.

Chen Tong's new idea structure was huge, and the company had to provide him with a huge amount of financial support to deal with a series of expenses such as bandwidth, team, product, production, and so on. The cost was quite high, but Chen Tong's last metaphor moved the CEO. Ever since the emergence of Makino Technology, since Sina decided to poach the QQ team to develop UC, they had always been at a disadvantage in the competition with Makino Technology. If Makino Technology really made a portal, then they had even less chance of winning. When Chen Tong mentioned Happy Farm, the CEO immediately thought of a popular saying in the internet industry: Teng Xun was not defeated by Makino Technology, but by Makino Technology.

Ever since Teng Xun decided to imitate Happy Farm to make QQ Fishery, it fell into the rhythm of Makino Technology's products. They never dreamed that when Makino Technology released version 1.0, it already had the more advanced version 1.1. When they developed their own version 1.0, Makino Technology immediately released its own version 1.1. At this time, its actual product version had already been updated to 1.3.

Makino Technology continued to lead the pace, causing Teng Xun to desperately try to catch up, but he could not catch up. It even gathered the teams of other products together, hoping to catch up with Makino Technology. Every time it released a new version, Makino Technology would immediately come up with a new version to slap it in the face. It always maintained a lead. In the end, Teng Xun put all its eggs in one basket and fought a decisive battle with Makino Technology. He did not expect Makino Technology to directly update Happy Farm, skipping the 1.X version and directly entering the 2.0 era. In the end, Teng Xun exhausted all his energy in this competition that he could never catch up with. Even his core was uprooted by Makino Technology.

This was similar to how the United States used a space war to drag down the Soviet Union. It was something all the netizens yearned for. In all fairness, who did not want to have a sword in hand and kill their opponents like cutting melons and vegetables? If Sina also had the chance to be a leader in a field like Makino Technology, it would also be a very fulfilling thing for Sina's senior management.

At the senior management meeting, Chen Tong finally used this point to move the company's senior management. However, the investment of tens of millions was a little heavy for the company. So after repeated discussions and arguments in the company's senior management meeting, Chen Tong fought for a three-month internal testing period for himself.

Although Sina's senior management wanted this project to succeed, they felt it was too risky to start a project with such a large budget. So, they decided to compromise. Chen Tong wanted to start a video streaming media company.

Yes, but he had to develop the product and technology first. After the technical links were established, he could use Sina's network to hire a few celebrities to try out this model. After that, he could increase the bandwidth on a small scale and open it to a small group of users for internal testing. If the users' feedback was good, he could continue to increase the bandwidth and the number of users. If this model was not popular with the users, he would end it immediately to prevent further losses. This way, he could greatly reduce the cost of trial and error. But there were also disadvantages. The entire product development plan will take longer, and the efficiency will be lower.

However, for Chen Tong, this result was acceptable. It was unlikely that the senior management would take on too much capital risk. Right now, what he needed to do was to launch this project as soon as possible and launch it. If Muye Technology wanted to make a portal at this time, this new product idea might be able to save Sina at a critical moment.

… …

On the last day of the end of June, when Chen Tong finally found a new direction and started to go all out, Renmin University officially announced a holiday.

The night before the holiday, Sun Jian organized a farewell dinner for everyone. The next day, Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei flew from Hong Kong to Beijing with their respective agents.

The three of them came from afar, and Li Mu had to welcome them at the airport. However, he didn't welcome them as the CEO of Makino Technology. Instead, he welcomed them as the founder of 3321. After all, the biggest attraction of their trip to China this time was that Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were invited to be 3321's student ambassadors. Makino Technology didn't play an official role in this. It was only participating as an exclusive media.

In addition, since the three of them were here, Li Mu naturally had to welcome them. For example, he had already asked someone to book a room in a five-star hotel in advance, but he couldn't let the three of them pay out of their own pockets, let alone let 3321 bear the cost. Otherwise, he didn't know what kind of public opinion would be led to.

An idea came to Li Mu. Since Makino Technology already had the gimmick of being an exclusive reporter, he could ask Makino Technology to provide a special fund for 3321's student tour with the reason of their strong support. All their expenses would be sponsored by Makino Technology, and they would completely stop using 3321's funds. This way, everyone would be happy.

The plane of the three of them was expected to land at the Beijing airport at 11: 30. They had to stay in Beijing for a few days. On the one hand, they could build momentum for 3321's student tour. On the other hand, they could provide more news materials for Makino Technology. In addition, they also had to accept an exclusive interview with Makino Technology.

Li Mu had already formed a small team in the technical team of Makino Technology that specialized in streaming media transmission technology. Although it was a "small" team, it still had about 20 people. They not only solved the technical problems of multi-person voice and video for YY, but also developed a set of streaming media transmission solutions for Web pages.

Currently, multi-person voice and video had not been completely solved, but the latter had already completed its internal testing. There were no problems at all. This time, the three celebrities would accept YY's exclusive interview on the entertainment channel of the YY portal. The specific planning of the exclusive interview was handled by Lu Xinyi. She was a veteran in this field and had rich experience.

Two days ago, Li Mu had specifically asked Su Yingxue if she was interested in joining the team for this event. She could eat, chat, and take photos with the celebrities. It was actually quite an interesting thing. However, although Su Yingxue was a little interested, it was currently a critical period for Wang Xinran's college entrance examination. Moreover, she had always liked these three celebrities. Su Yingxue was worried that if she came, she would also have to follow and affect her revision. However, if she did not tell her, she would definitely blame her if she found out in the future. Therefore, Su Yingxue decided to pretend that she did not know about it and let Li Mu focus on his work. She would first help Wang Xinran with her revision and wait for Li Mu to finish his work at any time.

Li Mu did not insist. Early the next morning, he changed into a more formal outfit and drove to Makino Technology. This time, the team that was going to pick them up was Makino Technology's own team. There were two Toyota Coasters, two GL8s, and three Benz S-Class cars.

The three Benz S-Class cars were mainly to keep up appearances. When they left, Li Mu and Dong Ai, as the founders and heads of 3321, took one car. Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah, as the general manager and deputy general manager of Makino Technology, took one car. Wang Nan and Lu Xinyi, as the deputy editor-in-chief of YY Network and the editor-in-chief of the entertainment channel, took one car. In addition, in order to deal with unexpected incidents between the celebrities and their fans, Lin Ching-ah specially hired a group of professional security personnel from a security company. In each of the three Benz S-Class cars, there were a total of 12 security personnel in the two GL8s.

As for the remaining two Toyota Coasters, one of them was reserved for the three celebrities and their agents. After the airport was picked up, Li Mu, Dong Ai, Lu Xinyi, and two accompanying cameramen would also ride in the same car with them. The other Toyota Coaster was reserved for the reporters and editors of Makino Technology.

Today, Li Mu's schedule for the three celebrities was very full. After picking them up, they would immediately go to a famous roast duck restaurant in Yan Jing for lunch. After lunch, they would go directly to Renmin University to show them around 3321. Then, they would have a meeting with Li Mu, Dong Ai, and the backbone of 3321. At the same time, they would give a speech about charity to all the employees of 3321, volunteers, and members of the Student Union of the National People's Congress. After this series of procedures, it would basically be dark. In the evening, they would have dinner at the hotel arranged for them, and then they would accept a brief interview. After that, the day's schedule would end.

The next day, the three celebrities would be guests at Makino Technology to visit Makino Technology and represent the leaders of Makino Technology to express their condolences to the employees of Makino Technology. Li Mu also specially asked Lin Ching-ah to prepare various gifts worth three million yuan. They would symbolically give them to a group of outstanding employees, and the rest would be directly distributed to everyone as a benefit. It was also an opportunity to hold a carnival in the company.

After doing all this, they would personally try out the various products of Makino Technology. They would take photos and videos for the reporters. Then, they would be provided with dedicated computers for them to log into their Tieba accounts on Makino Technology. They would greet the users of Tieba and inform them that they were visiting Makino Technology. Then, they would receive an exclusive interview from Makino Technology. The interview video would be processed at an accelerated pace. They would try to release the highlights that night and the finished product the next day.

During these two days, the online press conference of Makino Technology would follow them the whole time and broadcast the whole process with pictures. Then, they would send video materials to the company every two hours. The staff would edit some one-minute newsflash videos and roll them on YY. The launch time of YY had also been confirmed. It would be launched at exactly 11 o 'clock in the morning. At the same time, YY would make a pop-up window for all users with the news of "Exclusive Report on the Arrival of Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei in Beijing". The pop-up window would direct the users to the special page of YY about the arrival of the three celebrities in Beijing. Through this event, YY would officially promote YY to the whole network.