Chapter 897

PayPal is like a grain of sand that will eventually become a shining pearl. It can only become a pearl in a suitable mother body.

And the suitable mother body is eBay. Other than eBay, it is hard to find another platform that can fully incubate PayPal.

Because of this, Li Mu knows that he cannot incubate PayPal. Even if he has the money, it will be hard to do so.

He has to incubate PayPal in eBay's stomach again. Li Mu wants to take a bite out of PayPal in the future. The best way is to reach an agreement with eBay, and everyone will invest in PayPal.

As PayPal needs eBay, they can take the majority of the shares. Feng Yu just wants to ride on the coattails and earn more money in the future. That's why he can take a small share. PayPal's current shareholders, including Elon Musk, want to cash out now. But if there are long-term profits, they can still stay in this team. Hence, Feng Yu and eBay will buy the majority of PayPal's shares and let them earn some money first. Feng Yu will leave a small portion of the shares for them to earn more in the future.

If this is the case, during the process of buying the shares, Feng Yu will have to use the contract to limit the speed at which the original PayPal team can cash out. If Feng Yu and eBay buy 80% of PayPal's shares together, and he needs to pay 1.2 billion USD in cash, he will have to split the money. He will write down how long it will take, how many times it will be paid, and how much it will be paid each time. Elon Musk and Peter Thiel will stop dreaming of dominating Silicon Valley and the rest of the world. They will just stay in eBay for a few years.

As a matter of fact, for entrepreneurs like Elon Musk, if they could keep their shares and fight for a future on the premise of cash security, they would basically not refuse it. Since Li Mu's rebirth, he had already understood one thing. In 2002, many of the great figures in his previous life were not as terrifying as they would be in the future. They were also growing. Before his rebirth, they had already evolved to the Ultimate Body. But now, there were still more than ten years to go before they grew into big monsters.

If Feng Yu can convince Elon Musk and the rest to continue to invest in PayPal, then he can trick eBay into incubating PayPal for him and Feng Yu. PayPal will not just belong to eBay. It will be the child of both Feng Yu and eBay. Feng Yu will be able to enjoy a lot of benefits.

And a lot of benefits.

Other than that, Li Mu felt that eBay would not reject Feng Yu's offer. The reason they desired PayPal was because of the rigid demand for business development. Holding PayPal in their hands would solve many of their problems and potential crises. However, there was no need to acquire the entire company. Absolute control of PayPal would be fine. Moreover, they would gain an ally. Makino Technology's current momentum was very strong. No international internet giant would look down on its existence. If YY and eBay were to join forces in the overseas market in the future, it would be a win-win situation.

Li Mu's decision was immediately approved by everyone!

Lei Jianguo even said excitedly, "If we can join forces with eBay to invest in PayPal, even if it's just 20% of the shares, our overall valuation will increase by a lot. A Hua Xia company developing rapidly overseas, creating an astonishing figure of more than 10 million US dollars in daily recharges, and at the same time, investing in the world's largest payment channel, PayPal. We've even reached a capital partnership with the giant eBay. This concept is amazing!"

Ding Zhenglin, who was good at capital operations, also said excitedly, "If we can reach a consensus with eBay and PayPal first and then publicize it, the company's concept will be amazing. With so many big moves one after another, our valuation will be even higher. At that time, we can negotiate Series C, bring the money in, and pay for the investment in PayPal. Everything will go smoothly."

Kong Lingyu, who did not understand the overseas capital market, could not help but ask, "Will the US government allow us to invest in PayPal?

After all, it's a payment channel, and it's quite sensitive … "

Ding Zhenglin said to him seriously, "Old Kong, the US is not Hua Xia. You can't use Hua Xia's situation to consider the US market. Moreover, there are a few non-Americans among the current shareholders of PayPal. Also, almost all of the US banks are private banks. Even the banks are private. The payment channel is just using the internet to connect to the banking system. The US government will not care.

Moreover, let's not talk about the payment channel and the US banks. Do you know that even the US Federal Reserve, which specializes in printing US dollars, is a private institution? "

Kong Lingyu was stunned. "No way, the US 'Central Bank' is private?"

Ding Zhenglin shook his head helplessly. "Don't bury yourself in coding all the time. Occasionally, you should understand the international situation …"

Kong Lingyu chuckled. "Alright, I'll look into it later."

There was no doubt that the US market was very free, especially the internet industry. Not to mention investing in PayPal, Makino Technology could easily take over PayPal if it had the money.

At this moment, Liu Shixiong laughed and said, "This Elon Musk definitely did not expect that he would come over to ask for compensation out of friendship. In the end, he would be tricked by Li Zong before he even met him. When he comes to Hua Xia, he would definitely be dragged into Li Zong's car without knowing what happened. Hahahaha!"

The entire conference room was filled with laughter.

Indeed, if Li Mu's trap really involved Elon Musk and eBay, it would be really awesome. Elon Musk came over with the purpose of asking for compensation out of friendship, but in the end, Li Mu took advantage of him. Who knew how he would feel when he found out the truth in the future … Everyone was in high spirits.

The only problem now was whether Li Mu had the ability to trick Elon Musk and Li Mu to trick eBay when he came to Hua Xia.

However, everyone had great confidence in Li Mu. Li Mu's ability to persuade people was really extraordinary. Listening to him talk about all sorts of things was basically like brainwashing.

…

At this time, far away in Silicon Valley, Elon Musk was also very proud.

There was no doubt that he was preparing to go to Hua Xia with the intention of "asking for compensation out of friendship". Why did he do Li Mu a favor first? He was afraid that if Li Mu refused to see him, or if he could not find the time to see him in a short period of time.

If he could not see Li Mu, how could he pressure eBay?

Now, the negotiation between PayPal and eBay was at the most critical stage. Both sides were in a deadlock, and they urgently needed an external factor to break this deadlock.

Now, eBay was holding on to the offer of 1.5 billion USD and was unwilling to raise it by even a cent. Although the PayPal team knew that this was already the highest offer and the best terms they could get in the global Internet industry, they still wanted to raise the price a little bit more.

Therefore, Elon Musk's plan was very simple. He wanted to show goodwill to Makino Technology, to Li Mu in Hua Xia, and then to meet Li Mu. Li Mu was really an amazing person. In more than a year, he had built two huge Internet empires in Hua Xia and had begun to expand. eBay must be very afraid of him. Once he met Li Mu, once eBay felt the pressure, the 1.5 billion USD deadlock might be broken.

If he asked for compensation out of friendship with Li Mu, the final price that would be reflected in eBay's offer might be 100 million USD, or even 200 million USD.

Taking 10,000 steps back, even if he could raise the price from 1.5 billion USD to 1.51 billion USD, it would still be a huge improvement.

10 million USD!

If I can earn 10 million USD from this trip to Hua Xia, I will stay on the plane and never get off again!

I will fly until I am 50 years old, then I will get off the plane and enjoy life.

Now that Li Mu had agreed to meet him in three days, Elon Musk knew that his plan had succeeded. Therefore, he was in a very good mood.

After asking his secretary to book a plane ticket for him, Elon Musk started to actively arrange the team's work. He wanted to prepare for his trip to Hua Xia the day after tomorrow.

This time, Elon Musk was prepared to go alone. He wanted to meet Li Mu, the young man from Hua Xia. At the age of 20, he had created such a brilliant achievement. Even in Elon Musk's heart, he admired Li Mu very much.

His business partner, Peter Thiel, was very happy with Elon Musk's actions. After Elon Musk finished arranging the work, he looked for Elon Musk and told him privately, "Elon, when you go to Hua Xia, you must try to interact with Li Mu as much as possible. When the time comes, I will let the domestic media report about it. Once the domestic media reports about it, I will immediately slow down the negotiations with eBay. eBay will definitely get anxious, and once they get anxious, we can ask for a revaluation. If we're lucky, we might really be able to sell it for one or two hundred million USD."

Elon Musk nodded and smiled slyly. "Don't worry, as long as we make it big, eBay will definitely be under a lot of pressure. That Li Mu from Hua Xia is still very capable, eBay will definitely be afraid."

Peter Thiel said, "Who knows, maybe Li Mu will really be interested in acquiring PayPal."

Elon Musk shook his head and said, "I don't think that's possible. Although Li Mu is very powerful and has the ability to acquire PayPal, he has no reason to do so. Right now, YY's overseas development is his top priority, and his Taobao will definitely not be able to adapt to the American market. Therefore, PayPal is not very useful to him."

Peter Thiel asked him, "Will eBay feel the same way?"

Elon Musk said confidently, "Don't worry, based on eBay's current mentality, they won't be able to do an objective and in-depth analysis. They're like a little boy who has just been with a girl he's infatuated with. At this moment, even if the girl takes a second look at another boy, he will be anxious, lose confidence, and feel terrified. He won't even consider the possibility of the girl and the boy being together. If a glance is already so serious, what will he think if the girl suddenly goes to another boy's house as a guest?"

Peter Thiel laughed. "You're indeed the most astute and astute!

Then I'll wait for your good news in Silicon Valley! "