Chapter 1149

That night, the news about Le Tao quickly spread throughout the entire industry.

Many small e-commerce websites quickly announced that they had upgraded their websites' technology after the news was broadcast. Then, they shut down their servers and started to "investigate and kill" the fake sellers.

Hundreds of Le Tao sellers were panicking at the moment. They could no longer log into Le Tao's backend, nor could they make any changes to their store's sales records. Now, all of these data were in the hands of the police. If the police really pursued this matter, everyone would be finished.

According to the tough attitude of Central TV News, this time, the relevant authorities were not joking around. They really wanted to crack down on the selling of fake goods in e-commerce. Then, as sellers, it would not be long before they would be held accountable for it!

All the sellers were doing one thing at the moment, checking their accounts!

They checked their purchase records, their sales records, and their bank statements.

The sellers whose sales did not exceed fifty thousand RMB heaved a sigh of relief, but they were still worried.

As for the sellers whose sales were more than 50,000 yuan, or even 200,000 yuan or 500,000 yuan, they were immediately scared out of their wits!

They were in a state of panic!

These sellers were actually the group of people who had made it big on Taobao in their previous lives. A considerable number of them had earned tens of millions of yuan in the first few years of e-commerce, becoming the first group of people to develop e-commerce.

Among these sellers, a large part of them, after successfully selling fake goods, became super sellers of a certain Taobao. In those Golden Crown shops that had a daily income of more than hundreds of thousands of yuan, there were quite a number of shop owners who were such sellers. After successfully selling fake goods, some of them put on airs and began to do serious business; some dogs couldn't stop eating sh * t. With the mentality of deceiving as many as they could, after successfully selling fake goods, they still sold fake and real goods together.

Now, it was finally time for this group of people to panic!

Some of them who were psychologically weak turned themselves in to the Public Security Bureau that night, while some of them who were lucky stayed at home and waited for the police's next move. As for the most sneaky ones, they had already started to move their assets and prepared to abscond.

This time, the Economic and Trade Commission and the Public Security Bureau were very determined to crack down. They were prepared to use Le Tao as an example to deal a fatal blow to the phenomenon of selling fake goods in e-commerce. So, to them, none of the sellers involved in the case could escape!

No one would have thought that the Hangzhou police had already filtered the data in Le Tao's server that night. They didn't have the time to sort out the specific evidence of Le Tao's illegal activities. The first thing they did was to analyze the sales data of Le Tao's various sellers.

In order to complete the statistics as soon as possible, all the civilian police officers in the Municipal Bureau who had some computer skills were working overtime. The Provincial Bureau and the Municipal Bureau of Industry and Commerce also sent a large number of employees to assist. The entire Municipal Bureau was brightly lit. Countless people were working overtime, but only the mechanical sounds of computer keyboards and mice could be heard.

Then, the information of one seller after another, as well as the details of the sales orders, and the total sales were confirmed.

Every time the information was tallied up, it would be immediately sent to the public security bureau of the place where the seller's household registration was located, requesting them to assist in arresting the suspect.

Because the management measures were formulated by the Economic and Trade Commission, and it was a special operation jointly launched by the Ministry of Public Security, and after it was reported by CCTV, the local public security organs did not dare to be negligent. After receiving the information, they immediately began to organize arrests.

The Ministry of Public Security's rule for this operation was that no matter where the person was, the police at the place where the person's household registration was located would be responsible for the arrest. Therefore, the local police had set up operation support teams and were prepared to travel to other places to arrest the person.

In order to avoid missing the big fish, the Hangzhou Municipal Bureau's police officers started from the stores with the highest turnover when they screened and sorted out the information. Therefore, the first Le Tao shop owner whose information was confirmed was the sales champion of the entire Le Tao website.

This "champion shop owner" was called Yang Peng. He was from Peng City in the northern part of Nansu Province, which was not far from Li Mu's hometown, Haizhou.

Yang Peng was 26 years old this year. He had only joined Le Tao for a few months, but his sales had already reached an astonishing 13 million yuan. Because of this, Yang Peng had earned a net profit of seven to eight million yuan, becoming a veritable millionaire.

Just a year ago, Yang Peng was just an ordinary worker in a clothing factory in the suburbs of Hangzhou. The factory itself mainly produced counterfeit branded clothing. Yang Peng was also very smart. When Taobao had just started, he took advantage of the convenience of the source of goods and registered a store on Taobao with the mentality of trying it out. He sold some counterfeit clothing produced by his factory.

Because Yang Peng had seized the early e-commerce profits, he almost didn't do anything else. He only uploaded the clothes to Taobao, and he had a lot of natural traffic and customers. The turnover was also very gratifying. This huge profit margin quickly made Yang Peng see an opportunity. Then, he took advantage of the fact that Taobao's management was not perfect at the beginning of its development, and he promoted his store everywhere on the Internet. There were traces of his activities in all major forums, post bars, chat rooms, and even YY groups. The effect of this kind of promotion was also very obvious. The orders for his store increased rapidly, and soon, he made his first bucket of gold.

However, such good days didn't last for a few days. Not long after Li Mu's Taobao was established, it began to crack down on counterfeits. It cleaned up the sellers and counterfeit goods from Taobao, and at the same time, blocked a lot of YY accounts of sellers who sold counterfeit goods.

At that time, after Yang Peng's store and seller YY account were blocked, his income was immediately cut off. Although he was extremely angry, there was nothing he could do. It was not until Li Mu deliberately asked his staff to leak the list of sellers that Yang Peng had a new opportunity.

When Taobao found the list on the Internet, it immediately regarded it as a treasure, and offered all kinds of favorable conditions to attract these sellers. It even helped them sue Makino Technology, asking them to return the seller YY account of these sellers. Yang Peng was also one of the sellers who joined Taobao.

When Makino Technology released this batch of seller YY accounts "under pressure," Yang Peng immediately began to contact his old customers on YY accounts and guided them to Taobao. In order to make up for the loss during the time when his store was blocked, Yang Peng hired a group of promotion staff to sit in front of the computer every day to attract customers to major websites.

It had to be said that Yang Peng was indeed very quick-witted. After he realized the importance of attracting customers, he organized a large number of people to publish all kinds of preferential news on the Internet, quickly attracting a large number of customers for his Taobao store, so that his sales increased exponentially in just a few months.

The huge profits from counterfeit goods, coupled with various subsidies from Taobao, made Yang Peng's profit margin extremely high. In a short time, he bought two houses in Hangzhou, and at the same time, a BMW car worth more than 800,000 yuan. All of a sudden, he turned from a garment factory worker into a young and promising winner in life.

At this moment, Yang Peng was discussing with his family in Hangzhou. He felt that the problem this time could be big or small, but he was smart enough to avoid losses as much as possible. He had already discussed with his family that he would go to the bank early the next morning and transfer all the money in his account to his parents. Then, he would transfer the house and the car to his parents' names. In this way, if he pursued her in the future, at least he would not lose the money that he had worked so hard to earn.

In addition to settling his assets, Yang Peng was also afraid that the police would arrest him directly, so he planned to go abroad to avoid the limelight after settling these matters. Then, he discussed with his family that after the assets were transferred, he would go to Hong Kong for a period of time, and when the limelight was over, he would come back.

After settling everything, Yang Peng was slightly relieved. He lay on the bed, but he could not fall asleep, tossing and turning.

Although he felt that as long as he settled the problem of his assets and then temporarily left the mainland, the problem would not be too big, he still faintly felt a little worried. He always felt that there was a link that he had not thought of yet.

At one o 'clock in the morning, the Public Security Bureau of Peng City, where Yang Peng's household registration was located, received a notice. The notice said that Yang Peng, who was in their jurisdiction, was the individual seller with the largest amount of money involved in the Le Taobao fake sale case.

The Peng City police had a headache. They did not expect that the biggest cancer would come from their jurisdiction. Although it was a headache, they still had to arrest him as soon as possible. Therefore, they immediately inquired about Yang Peng's relevant information. As a result, they found that Yang Peng had not been in Peng City for a long time, and there were many bank cards and passbooks under his name that he had applied for in Hangzhou. It was very likely that he had already settled down in Hangzhou.

The current public security system was far less powerful than in the future. The Peng City police could only confirm that Yang Peng had settled down in Hangzhou, but they did not know where exactly he was.

However, they could not afford to waste time. The Peng City police immediately sent a team of eight people to drive from Peng City to Hangzhou overnight.

Due to the urgency of the case, two police cars sped along the 600 kilometer road with their siren lights on. The journey that would have taken more than seven hours to complete was completed in less than six hours.

At seven o 'clock in the morning, the two police cars drove into Hangzhou. After the eight people got out of the car, the police officer in charge of the team immediately identified himself to the local police in Hangzhou. At the same time, he told the police that Yang Peng had settled down in Hangzhou and asked the Hangzhou Municipal Bureau for assistance.

The Hangzhou Municipal Bureau immediately contacted the banking department, the housing management department, and the transportation department. On the one hand, they requested to freeze all the bank accounts under Yang Peng's name. On the other hand, they requested the housing management department to find out the specific information and addresses of the properties under Yang Peng's name. On the other hand, they requested the transportation department to pay close attention and not let Yang Peng leave Hangzhou.

The housing management department quickly found out the addresses of the two properties under Yang Peng's name. The eight Peng City police officers and the eight Hangzhou Municipal Bureau police officers cooperated with each other and formed two small teams. They went to Yang Peng's two properties to arrest him.

At half past seven, Yang Peng, who had not slept well all night, got up from his bed. He was about to go to the bank with his parents, while he called one of his assistants and asked him to return the clothes in his inventory as soon as possible. It was not certain when he could open the store again. He did not want the inventory to end up in his hands, so it was better to return it first. If there was a chance to open the store in the future, he could order again.

When he came out of his house with his parents and was about to get into his BMW car, eight policemen who had been lying in ambush nearby suddenly appeared. They pressed Yang Peng, who had not reacted yet, to the ground and handcuffed him.

Yang Peng was very flustered. He did not expect that the police would act so quickly. When he was about to ask the police if there was any misunderstanding, one of the policemen took out a photo of himself and put it in front of his face to compare. Then he said to the other policemen in the hometown accent that Yang Peng was very familiar with, "Yes, it's him!"

Seeing that the police were coming to arrest him, Yang Peng panicked and asked, "Comrade police, what did I do?"

The Peng City police, who had not slept all night, pulled Yang Peng up from the ground with the others and said coldly, "Yang Peng, you are suspected of selling fake and low-quality goods, and the amount is particularly large. Go back to Peng City with us to cooperate with the investigation!"