Chapter 590

When Du Wei received Mo Wenwei's call, she was watching the recording teacher do the post-production. Li Mu still accompanied her today. Seeing that the phone was ringing, and the caller was Mo Wenwei, she hurried out of the recording studio and answered the phone.

"Sister Wei."

Du Wei had always been a sweet talker, and she was very girlish, so she called Brother and Sister very affectionately. When she was in Hong Kong, she called Mo Wenwei that, which made Mo Wenwei very happy. At this time, when she heard Du Wei call her that, she was even happier.

"Xiaowei, I'm calling to thank you. You've helped me so much that I don't even know how to thank you …"

Du Wei knew that Li Mu was promoting Mo Wenwei's "Fruit of Midsummer," so she hurriedly said, "Sister Wei, you can't thank me for this. It's all Brother Li Mu's doing."

Mo Wenwei said in a very soft voice, "Even so, I still have to thank you first."

Then, Mo Wenwei said, "Do you have Mr. Lee's phone number?

If it's convenient, can you give it to me? "

Du Wei said with a smile, "I'll send it to you later, but Brother Li Mu is next to me now. Do you want me to ask him to answer the phone?"

Mo Wenwei said in surprise, "Is Mr. Lee with you?"

"Yes," Du Wei said, "We are in the recording studio. We recorded two new songs yesterday, and we are doing the post-production."

"Really?" Mo Wenwei immediately asked her, "Do you have any plans to try your new songs in Hong Kong?

If you do, give them to me. I will help you make it in Hong Kong. Are there any Cantonese songs?

It would be best if there are Cantonese songs! "

Du Wei smiled and said, "There is a Cantonese song. Brother Li Mu said he would make it in Hong Kong. I'll ask him later. I don't know how he will arrange it."

Mo Wenwei immediately said, "If it's a Cantonese song, I will do my best to help!

Oh yes, there's also my brother. He will definitely help you! "

Du Wei was also straightforward. She was not polite and said directly, "Okay, then I will thank you first, Sister Wei. Wait for me, I will call Brother Li Mu to answer the phone."

At the moment, Li Mu was standing behind the recording teacher, silently listening to the details of the song. At this time, Du Wei gently pulled the hem of his clothes behind him, tiptoed and said in his ear, "Sister Wei called. She said she wanted to thank you."

Li Mu nodded and walked out with Du Wei. He took the phone and said with a smile, "Hello, Miss Mo."

"Hello, Li Zong!"

Mo Wenwei's voice even trembled a little. She said nervously, "You've helped me so much. I really don't know how to thank you …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's nothing. You don't have to be so polite. I also had the opportunity to listen to this song because Xiaowei recommended it to me with the CD player yesterday.

It's really a very good song, and the title matches the current season perfectly. But I heard from Xiaowei that your record company will not promote this album in the mainland until the end of next month. She said that she wanted me to help you promote this song in the midsummer. If we wait until the autumn, it will be too late, so I quickly arranged it. "

Li Mu naturally wanted to leave all the favors to Du Wei. After hearing this, Mo Wenwei was really grateful to Du Wei from the bottom of her heart. However, Du Wei next to her was a little uncomfortable. It was obviously Li Mu's matter. Why did he mention it to her?

Mo Wenwei thanked him again and said, "The company has not taken time to do large-scale promotion in the mainland before. In addition, there were some problems in the production of the album in the mainland, so it was delayed for a few days."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "The album has not been produced yet?"

Mo Wenwei said, "It has just been produced, more than half a month later than the original plan."

Li Mu thought of something and hurriedly asked her, "How many copies have you prepared?"

Mo Wenwei said, "A total of 300,000 copies of tapes and CDs."

Li Mu asked her in surprise, "So few?"

Mo Wenwei said, "Generally, the first edition will not be produced too much. It is a little risky to produce 300,000 copies in the first batch of this album, because the record market is shrinking rapidly now. To be honest, the pirates in the mainland are much faster than us. We can't sell them at all."

Li Mu just thought that the original album was a very unique resource. According to his understanding of the mainland market, in fact, there were many reasons for the rampant piracy in the mainland audio and video market. Of course, the cheaper pirated ones was a big reason, but the weak sales channel of the original album was also a big reason. Not only the audio and video products, but also the books in the mainland. It was better in big cities like Yan Jing. In small cities, there were hundreds of bookstores. Maybe only Xinhua Bookstore sold original books and audio and video products, while other bookstores and audio and video stores sold pirated ones. Was it really because consumers were reluctant to spend money?

No, in small cities, many pirated books were also sold according to the price in bookstores, which was not cheap at all. It was just that consumers didn't have too many choices.

As for the audio and video products, the price difference was not very big. Ordinary pirated tapes cost at least four or five yuan, and the better ones cost seven or eight yuan. The better ones could cost up to ten yuan. The price of the original album was not much different, but for the distributors, the profit of selling the original album was far lower than selling the pirated one, so they didn't buy the original goods at all. Consumers also had to spend money to buy pirated tapes and CDs. If there was a real reliable sales channel of the original album, a considerable number of them would be willing to spend a few more yuan to buy the original album. After all, they would only buy the album of a singer they liked.

The record company was also very embarrassed. They also hoped to be able to sell the album to second- and third-tier cities, or even fourth-tier cities, but there was no way. They didn't have their own sales channel at all. The owners of the audio and video stores who made a lot of money from selling pirated copies were not willing to help them sell the original album. Therefore, even if there was space and value in the market, they couldn't develop it at all. Only e-commerce had this special strength. Through the logistics network of the postal system throughout the country, e-commerce could sell the original album to any corner of Hua Xia.

Therefore, what Li Mu was thinking now was whether he could sell Mo Wenwei's mainland album on Taobao. As long as Rolling Stone gave a public authorization, clear the copyright chain, and let consumers believe that the self-operated and authorized audio and video products on Taobao were authentic, consumers could buy it with confidence. Moreover, he had a more suitable product, which was Tieba. At that time, he could post a public advertisement on Mo Wenwei's Tieba, telling users that they could buy the original album on Taobao. In that case, the conversion rate would be very high.

As for whether selling the album would affect the logistics capacity of Taobao, which was already a little stretched, Li Mu was not worried, because those who would buy the audio and video products must be fans, and fans would be more patient than ordinary users. Therefore, at that time, Taobao could directly mail the album by surface mail. Not only would it not take up the transportation capacity of EMS, but it would also be cheap and affordable. The price of the album itself would not increase too much. Otherwise, if he used EMS, the shipping cost would be enough to buy two albums.

Li Mu thought quickly. After thinking about these links, he realized that this model could not only be used to sell Mo Wenwei's album. He could cooperate with Rolling Stone and sell the albums of all the artists of Rolling Stone. If the album sold well, other record companies might also come to him and hope that Taobao could help sell the album. In that case, it would not only greatly increase the order volume of Taobao, but also increase the capital flow of Taobao and Alipay, but also bring real profits to Taobao, because every time an album was sold, Taobao would take a commission from it.

At this time, he asked Mo Wenwei, "Miss Mo, can you help me pass a message to the senior management of Rolling Stone?"

Mo Wenwei hurriedly said, "Li Zong, please tell me. I will pass the message to you in time."

Li Mu said, "I want Rolling Stone to authorize my Taobao website to sell your album, and even the entire Rolling Stone's album. Taobao's sales channel is very strong. If they are interested, they can get to know it first and then make a decision."

Mo Wenwei immediately said, "Okay, I'll help you pass the message right away."

Li Mu said, "Well, I'll wait for your news, or you can give them my phone number and let them contact me directly."

Mo Wenwei said, "Wait a minute. I'll take a pen and write down your number."

…

The senior management of Rolling Stone was also completely shocked by the overnight popularity of "Midsummer Fruit". They were also surprised by the speed of the performance market in the mainland. Not only some private entertainment companies, but even CCTV had sent an invitation to the same song. The reason was very simple. Mo Wenwei was really popular.

Now, almost half of the mainland radio stations had played this song or were playing it. The number of views on Easy Listening was also increasing at a frightening speed. This would definitely greatly boost the album sales. However, the senior management of Rolling Stone was very depressed that they would definitely benefit from those hateful pirates this time. But it didn't matter. Mo Wenwei's fame and value had gone up, which was a huge and sustainable wealth for the company.

When Mo Wenwei conveyed Li Mu's words to the senior management of Rolling Stone, the senior management of Rolling Stone was so excited that they almost hugged each other and cried.

Rolling Stone was a record company that pursued music very much. The Three Masters of Devil Rock were also supported by them. It could be said that they not only promoted Hong Kong and Taiwan pop music, but also the development of rock music in the mainland. However, their situation in recent years was really miserable. They almost had no way to survive. It was not that the senior management was incompetent, but they really had no way to fight against pirates and the digital tide at the same time.

In fact, these senior management of Rolling Stone were very insightful. They knew YY, Easy Listening, and Taobao. Although they did not understand e-commerce, they knew the model of Taobao. They knew that Taobao could solve the most serious problem they had faced in the mainland market for so many years — sales channels!

What's more, Li Mu took the initiative to cooperate with them, which made them even more excited.

So, half an hour later, Li Mu received a call from the boss of Rolling Stone. After an excited greeting, the other party gave Li Mu a positive answer: Rolling Stone was willing to license all the albums of all the singers to Taobao for sale, and was willing to pay 20% of the sales to Taobao as a commission. 20% sounded very high, but for audio and video products, this ratio was so low that it even made them feel that Li Mu was an angel sent by God to save them from the fire and water.

Yes, he must be!