Chapter 877

The CEO of Sequoia Capital was called S, and he had worked with him for many years. It was rare to see him so rash. Hearing him mention Makino Technology as soon as he opened his mouth and gave such high praise, Steve frowned and asked him subconsciously, "Eric, why are you making such a fuss?

What kind of amazing achievements can Hua Xia's people make in the field of the Internet? "

In the past two days, he had read some reports about Li Mu, YY, and Makino Technology, but that was just the reports. He had never seriously studied Li Mu, let alone YY and Makino Technology.

He was a typical racist. He believed in white supremacy and also believed in the invincibility of the United States. He had extremely blind confidence in the United States, its culture, and technology, especially the Internet!

Looking at the Internet was almost the same as Hua Xia people looking at Peking Opera. Hua Xia people regarded Peking Opera as the quintessence of the country, because it was an art passed down by Hua Xia for hundreds of years. Therefore, people in Hua Xia would instinctively feel that only Hua Xia people could grasp the essence of Peking Opera. No matter how much foreigners imitated it, they could only imitate it in form. The real temple of Hua Xia's Peking Opera was naturally Yan Jing. Only Yan Jing's Peking Opera was the most authentic and the most authoritative.

The Internet was the same in his eyes. He felt that only Americans really understood the Internet. Any other country could only imitate the surface of the American Internet and make a fool of themselves. In the American Internet, the only truly great place was Silicon Valley. Although Seattle was also very good, he never thought that the rainy city could be compared to Silicon Valley in the Internet industry.

Under the leadership of this mode of thinking, he absolutely did not believe that any country other than the United States could make remarkable achievements on the Internet. Japan and Europe were not in his eyes, let alone Hua Xia, whose Internet development was several years behind.

Seeing that he still had a subjective prejudice against Hua Xia's Internet industry, S couldn't help but say, "Steve, two hours ago, I had the same opinion as you, but now, two hours later, I can guarantee you with my nearly 20 years of experience that if we don't invest in this company as soon as possible, we are likely to lose one of the world's top ten Internet companies in the future!"

He sneered, "Sh * t, Eric. I've heard about Li Mu's interview. I know he's talking big, but how can you believe the words of a little kid like Hua Xia in front of the media?"

S hurriedly said, "Hey, Steve, listen carefully. You should download a YY and study it now. After two hours, you will have the same opinion as me. This is a super product that will throw MSN to the moon!

Right now, it's only being used as a 'tool' by American users. Once it has a way to cut into the lives of American people, it'll be absolutely invincible! "

He curled his lips and remained unmoved, "Come-on-man!

We've known each other for so many years. Don't you know me?

I don't believe that any country or any foreign company can surpass the United States in terms of Internet products!

Let me tell you, in my eyes, the gap between Hua Xia's Internet and the American Internet is like the gap between the aviation industries of the two countries!

Let's see how big the gap is between the two countries' fighter jets! "

After saying this, he didn't forget to add, "Eric, you're really shameful. You put a Hua Xia kid and his little software, which is like a college student's homework, on such a high pedestal. Your vision has regressed!"

S said with a bit of annoyance, "Hey, Steve, put away your bastard arrogance and study this Hua Xia software carefully!

Do you know that in three days, it has gained millions of users in the United States, and more than half of them are from Silicon Valley!

Do you know that in these three days, hundreds of thousands of Americans have racked their brains to become VIP users of this Hua Xia software, but this Hua Xia software doesn't connect to PayPal or any American payment channels, so people can only spend 60% more to find people from Hua Xia to pay for the VIP fees on eBay!

Do you know that you can directly achieve a video conference on this Hua Xia software, and the effect is much better than the stupid video conference on your desktop! "

He didn't expect S to be so excited, and his expression was especially serious and angry, as if he couldn't wait to rush up and beat him up. So he quickly put away some of his arrogance and comforted him, "Don't be so excited, control yourself, control yourself."

S said word by word, "I want you to immediately understand this software!"

He nodded helplessly, "Okay, okay, I'll try it. I'll download it now. Since you said it's ten thousand times better, you might as well come over and show me how to use it!"

S asked him, "If this software is really awesome, you must remember to apologize to me for your arrogance just now."

"Okay, as long as this software really shocks me, not only will I apologize to you, but I will also treat you to a drink tonight!"

S sat in front of his computer, downloaded and installed YY on his computer, and then logged in to his account. At first, he had an extremely disdainful attitude, but the moment he logged in, he immediately put away his previous contempt. This was because the interface of this software was too f * cking perfect!

For the next half an hour, his mouth was agape. S slowly demonstrated all the YY functions he knew. In the process, he even discovered many of YY's minor functions, such as its pop-up notification function. Registering a YY account would result in registering a YY mailbox, and the software itself also included a mail notification component. Suddenly, a notification popped up at the bottom right corner. "There's a new mail in your YY mailbox — YY team welcomes you to YY. Good luck..."

S clicked on the pop-up notification, and then the computer automatically launched the default browser, skipping the login step and directly entering the YY mailbox of S's number!

"Oh my god!" Both of them exclaimed at the same time!

This software was simply made for office work!

If it was used as a solution for online office work, the efficiency of the entire team would be greatly improved.

Cupping his chin, he said, "It would be great if this mail notification function could accept mail from other mailboxes."

As soon as he said that, S clicked on the settings of the page. Sure enough, he found the "other mailboxes on behalf of other mailboxes" service. He subconsciously went in to fill in his corporate email account and password, and set up the SMTP and POP protocols. After the mailbox test passed, the prompt for "Synchronize Inbox." In a moment, the most recent 50 emails in S's corporate mailbox were synchronized. At the same time, a prompt popped up. "Do you want to synchronize more emails?"

S clicked yes, and then a few prompts popped up in his YY mailbox: Continue to synchronize 50, 100, 200, and all emails.

He was stunned and blurted out, "Oh my god!

This Hua Xia software is really amazing!

Amazing!

You really get what you want!

Just the mail notification component in YY has so many mysteries in it. Oh my god, isn't this equivalent to the integration of Foxmail? "

Foxmail was the first application that Hua Xia really went out into the world, but its functions were too simple, and the name was very English. Therefore, many people in the overseas market were using Foxmail, but they didn't know that it was a software developed by the people of Hua Xia.

S nodded repeatedly. "It seems that after using YY, we can uninstall Foxmail in the future."

After watching S's video chat in the demo group, he had long been disgusted with the expensive and clumsy video conference terminal. At this moment, he stared at the terminal that he had always felt was very professional and said with contempt, "This piece of sh * t can be thrown away!"

S looked at him and deliberately asked provocatively, "Are you going to treat me to a drink tonight?"

He blushed. "Of course we will, but we have to get ready. First, we have to hold a video conference with the person in charge of Hua Xia. I want them to take down this company for me!"

S looked at the time and said, "It's five o'clock in the afternoon now. It should be nine o'clock tomorrow in Beijing time. They should be at work."

There was a 16-hour time difference between San Francisco and Yanjing, and now Yanjing had entered "tomorrow" in San Francisco time in advance.

He hurriedly said, "Okay, let's have a meeting first. I'll treat you to a drink after the meeting!"

...

Just when the headquarters of Sequoia Capital realized the greatness of YY and the development potential of Makino Technology, YY was already popular among the elites of the United States!

The magical software from Hua Xia began to spread among the elites. Almost in an instant, the orders of many video conference terminal equipment and service suppliers in the United States were sharply reduced to the verge of bankruptcy.

Fortunately, there were already a large number of Chinese in the United States, so YY's server setup in the United States was designed to be redundant. Otherwise, it would have been paralyzed by such an impact.

Even so, the existing servers obviously could not keep up with the demand. They could only quickly cooperate with a number of local server rentals in the United States, directly manage the newly rented servers remotely, and quickly expand the number of servers and bandwidth to meet the current demand.

Li Mu was very worried about the server's ability to withstand the pressure, and felt very insecure about renting servers.

Li Mu arrived at Makino Technology at 8: 30 in the morning. To his surprise, almost all the members of the YY operation team were there.

The unexpected popularity of YY in the North American market made the entire Makino Technology particularly excited. As North America was far across the ocean, everyone was a little nervous about the server support in the United States. Fortunately, the urgently rented servers were being deployed and put into use one after another. In order to avoid the peak traffic, Makino Technology was still thinking of ways to rent more local servers in the United States.

Kong Lingyu came early in the morning to convene a meeting with the server support team. According to Li Mu's previous request, this time he decided to send a team of ten people to quickly apply for business visas. They would be stationed in the United States as employees of the United States branch, and directly build their own North American data center in the United States.

According to Kong Lingyu's plan, the members sent for the first time had to work in the United States for at least six months. During these six months, the company would provide comprehensive transportation, food, accommodation, and other guarantees. At the same time, they would be given double the monthly salary of the employees in the United States as a business trip allowance. They were also prepared to take out a million yuan project bonus. As long as they were willing to go to the United States and help the company build the first overseas data center in the United States, the company would definitely give them unimaginable benefits.

Regarding the company's requirement to stay in the United States for at least half a year, everyone's feedback was very positive. Except for one employee who was a little hesitant because he had just become a father, almost everyone signed up without hesitation. They could not wait to immediately fly to the United States on behalf of the company and sow the seeds of Hua Xia's Internet in the land where the Internet was born!

Kong Lingyu knew that everyone's positive attitude was not only because of the many incentives and subsidies, but also because of their love for the company to some extent. However, he had learned from Li Mu on this point. He would not assume that the employees had deep feelings for the company. Therefore, the deciding factor was the treatment the company gave to the employees.