Chapter 306

"There's no song title on it."

Sun Yong frowned and said, "It's only written on the guitar. I don't think it's going to be that song!"

With that, Sun Yong asked the headmaster, "His program is the eighth. I don't know what song it is. Do you want to know in advance?"

The headmaster of the School of Finance laughed and said, "With Li Mu's temper, it must be because he didn't want to write the song title. I'm afraid he won't tell you even if you ask him."

"This kid is a thorn in the side!"

When Sun Yong thought of Li Mu, he was a little annoyed. His nephew, Sun Tan, had been stabbed twice by Wu Shuai and had just been discharged from the hospital. He was still recuperating at home. Coupled with the influence of the student aid scandal, it was a pipe dream for him to be selected as one of the top ten college students this year. In order to prevent people from making a fuss about the student aid, he could only temporarily take a year off from school. This year was completely wasted.

Sun Tan's experience was basically caused by Li Mu, but Sun Yong himself was somewhat powerless. On the one hand, he couldn't help Sun Tan too much. He could only try his best to prevent him from being expelled because of the student aid scandal. On the other hand, he was completely helpless against Li Mu. With 3321 protecting him, no one in the National People's Congress could touch Li Mu.

At this time, the headmaster also said, "Don't worry about it. Let Li Mu sing whatever he wants to sing."

After hearing this, Sun Yong felt even more upset. Even the headmaster was partial to him. No one in the National People's Congress could touch this kid. With 3321, he was simply the local emperor of the National People's Congress.

However, since the headmaster didn't want to care about him, Sun Yong naturally couldn't say more. He could only go backstage and find the person in charge of the party.

The person in charge of the party was a deputy director of the Office of Academic Affairs who was in charge of the Student Union and other related affairs. His name was Song Xinwen. Li Mu heard Dong Ai mention this person. It was said that he was very friendly and open-minded. He was also very good to the students and was very attentive to the affairs of the Student Union. He had a good reputation among the students.

Sun Yong went backstage and found Song Xinwen in the actors' lounge. At this moment, Li Mu had also returned backstage and was waiting to go on stage. The next program was the seventh, which was Dou Xueli's large-scale dance, Farewell My Concubine. After Dou Xueli and the others finished, it would be his turn.

Song Xinwen had just come down from the front and was cheering for Dou Xueli and the other dancers. Now that the poetry recitation program on stage had ended, Dou Xueli and the others would go on stage. This was a program that Song Xinwen was very optimistic about, and the stage effect was very good. He told everyone not to be nervous and to show the best effect of the dance.

At this moment, Sun Yong arrived with a dark expression. He stood backstage and waved at Song Xinwen, saying, "Little Song, come here for a moment."

When Song Xinwen saw that Sun Yong had arrived, although he was a little surprised, he still hurriedly said to the actors in front of him, "All the best, I'll go to the front later to watch your performance."

With that, Song Xinwen hurried to Sun Yong and asked, "Headmaster Sun, why are you backstage?"

Sun Yong directly made things difficult for him. "How do you do the screening for the program?

The song 'Back to Lhasa' just now was so rowdy and not serious? "

Song Xinwen said in surprise, "The effect of the song just now was quite good. The students all liked it very much."

Sun Yong frowned and shouted, "Students like holidays, so the National People's Congress might as well not run a school?"

Song Xinwen was dumbfounded, but he quickly understood. It seemed that the song just now had caused trouble with the school leaders, so he could only admit his mistake first. "I'm sorry, Principal Sun. This is my negligence. I'm really sorry."

Sun Yong reprimanded, "The principal said that there will be a written reflection on Monday. You have to reflect on your mistakes at work!"

Song Xinwen nodded repeatedly. "No problem, I will definitely reflect on it deeply."

At this time, Sun Yong took out the program list again, pointed to the song "Love You More Every Day" and questioned, "What's wrong with this song?

Look at the name, 'Love You More Every Day'. Can this song be sung on the stage of our National People's Congress?

Hurry up and delete it! "

Song Xinwen was speechless. At this time, a very gentle boy with glasses suddenly stood up and said with a little excitement, "Principal Sun, why can't this song be sung?"

Sun Yong frowned at him and asked, "What does it have to do with you?

Which department are you from? "

"I'm a senior in the Finance Department. This song is the song I'm going to perform."

Sun Yong looked at the program list and asked him, "You are Yu Chao, right?

What's your purpose in choosing this song?

The school is a place for learning and teaching. It can't be said to be sacred, but at least it's solemn. You're singing such an unhealthy song in the school that has trained you for nearly four years. Are you worthy of the school's training over the past few years? "

Yu Chao was anxious and argued, "I'm singing at the school party. How is it worthy of the school's training?

This song is for my girlfriend because we just met each other's parents during the New Year's holiday and agreed to get married as soon as we graduate. Why can't I sing this song for her? "

Sun Yong raised his eyebrows. "You're dating before you graduate, and you're talking about getting married after graduation. Students like you are the scum of the National People's Congress!"

Yu Chao protested loudly, "Principal Sun, this is a personal attack!"

Sun Yong snorted coldly and ignored him. Instead, he pointed to Song Xinwen and said, "If you let him sing on the stage, you'll be punished by the school!" After saying this, Sun Yong swung his hand and walked away, leaving a room full of angry students.

"How can there be such a school leader!"

"That's right, he's too nosy!"

"Damn, he can't even sing a love song. He's a psychopath!"

In this group of angry people, Yu Chao was the quietest one. He took off his glasses with his back to the crowd and quietly wiped his tears. Then he put on his Yanjing glasses again and said to Song Xinwen, "Mr. Song, I'll go to the front to watch everyone's performance. I won't cause you any trouble."

Song Xinwen also looked guilty. He didn't dare to go against Sun Yong, so he could only step forward and pat Yu Chao on the shoulder. He said, "I'm sorry, and apologize to your girlfriend for me. If you two have time tomorrow, I'll treat you two to dinner."

Yu Chao hurriedly said, "No, Mr. Song, I understand your intention. I'm sorry to cause you trouble."

After saying that, Yu Chao walked away with his head down. Song Xinwen wanted to catch up with him, but he gave up. Li Mu, who was sitting in the corner and resting, stood up silently and followed him.

Li Mu caught up with Yu Chao in the corridor and called, "Senior Brother Yu."

Yu Chao looked back and saw Li Mu. Although they didn't know each other, he knew Li Mu very well. He didn't expect him to call him, so he asked, "Li Mu, are you calling me?"

Li Mu nodded, walked up to him and said, "Sun Yong doesn't want you to sing, so you're not going to sing?"

Yu Chao smiled bitterly and said, "I have enough credits and I'm about to graduate. I'm not afraid of him. Sun Yong heard that I'm a senior, so he probably realized this. That's why he pressured Mr. Song. I can't cause him trouble."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Senior Brother, Sun Yong warned Mr. Song not to let you go on stage. If someone else let you go on stage, he can't do anything."

Yu Chao asked in surprise, "What do you mean?"

Li Mu said, "I'm the next program. When I finish singing, I'll announce for you. Do you dare to go on stage and sing?"

Yu Chao was stunned, and then he stomped his feet and said, "I dare!"

They were all college students, and their comprehension was not weak. When Li Mu said that he would announce for him, Yu Chao understood.

Li Mu was the most influential student in the National People's Congress. If he stood on the stage and announced for him in front of tens of thousands of students, how could the school leaders stop him and not let him sing?

When he thought that his girlfriend was still waiting for him to go on stage, Yu Chao didn't want to go out with his tail between his legs, so he agreed almost without thinking.

Li Mu patted his arm and said with a smile, "Then hurry up and get ready. Send a text message to your girlfriend because your program will be changed to the ninth."

…

The dance performance of "Farewell My Concubine" was very perfect, and the first-class choreography won the applause of the audience. After the dancer's curtain call, Su Yingxue went on stage with a heart full of excitement. The reason why Li Mu's program was arranged to be the eighth was that the hosts took turns to announce, and she and her partner were assigned to announce the program with an even number.

After going on stage, the boy who was Su Yingxue's partner said according to the predetermined lines, "Yingxue, you are a freshman in our National People's Congress's class of 2001. Then let me ask you, in the past 2001, who was the most famous freshman in the National People's Congress campus?"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Of course, it must be the founder of 3321, Li Mu. Everyone, am I right?"

Tens of thousands of people below the stage shouted deafeningly, "Yes!"

The male host said with a smile, "By the way, I heard that you and Li Mu are from the same hometown. Are you from the same place?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said with a smile, "Not just from the same place, but also from the same high school, and the same class."

"Wow!"

The male host said in surprise, "Then you must be very familiar with each other. Can I ask you a question about him?"

Su Yingxue said, "Go ahead, I'll see if I know."

The male host said with a smile, "Look, the next program is Li Mu's guitar performance, but he didn't announce the name of our song. I think everyone is as curious as I am, what song is Li Mu going to sing today? Since you are so familiar with him, can you reveal it to us?"

Su Yingxue shook her head and said with a smile, "I really can't help you with that, because I also don't know what song Li Mu is going to sing today. Let's let Li Mu go on stage himself and tell everyone."

The male host nodded and shouted, "Come, let's welcome Li Mu!"

Suddenly, thunderous applause rang out, and the atmosphere reached the highest point of the night.

Li Mu's popularity in the National People's Congress was unparalleled. Thousands of people in the school benefited from 3321, and the income of a poor student who worked part-time as a tutor was even comparable to that of a white-collar worker in Beijing. This was all thanks to Li Mu, so his appeal in the National People's Congress was quite great.

Li Mu went on stage with his Martin guitar, stood in front of the microphone stand in the middle of the stage, and said into the microphone, "I participated in this performance and prepared this song for a girl I love, because she told me that if I sang a song for her on this stage, she would be willing to be my girlfriend …"

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, there was a burst of cheers and screams under the stage. He was originally the focus of the students of the National People's Congress, and as soon as he went on stage and said such words, the emotions of the audience instantly exploded.

At this moment, the school leaders looked at each other, especially Sun Yong, whose face was extremely ugly. He said to the principal next to him, "Principal, look at what Li Mu said!"

The principal also looked a little unhappy, but he was not as angry as Sun Yong. He just sighed and said, "Let him be."

Sun Yong wanted to rush to the stage and pull Li Mu down, but after calming down, he also understood that he could not do anything to him. Not to mention himself, even the leader beside him could not do anything to him.

Su Yingxue, who just got off the stage, stood behind the curtain and looked at Li Mu on the stage. She was so nervous that her heart almost jumped out of her throat. But besides that, she was also cheering like a little girl because of what Li Mu had said in public.

The screams under the stage finally subsided. Li Mu said to the microphone, "I have known her for a long time, and I have liked her for a long time. If nothing unexpected happens, I may always have a crush on her, until I realize that I must not lose my beloved because of cowardice and boring self-esteem, so …"

Li Mu took a deep breath, turned his face to look at Su Yingxue, who was standing behind the curtain, and said, "So, the song I will sing today is called 'Rice Shop', and the subtitle is' Dedicated to Su Yingxue '."

Su Yingxue stood there for a long time, but the cheers under the stage almost overturned the whole stadium.

Su Yingxue, the most influential person in the National People's Congress, Li Mu, actually confessed in public to Su Yingxue, the campus belle of the National People's Congress!

Although it was only the beginning of January, this matter could definitely become the annual topic of the year in the National People's Congress in 2002!

The few guys in Room 606 cheered desperately, almost breaking their throats. Li Mu's classmates also went crazy. Having such a classmate really made them proud. The two of them were indeed a perfect match.

For most of the students in the National People's Congress, Li Mu and Su Yingxue were indeed a perfect match. Moreover, they were high school classmates, and could be said to be childhood sweethearts. If the two of them were to get together, they would almost be an impeccable couple.

At this time, Li Mu strummed the guitar in his hand, and gave his favorite folk song to Su Yingxue.

As the prelude sounded, the stadium suddenly fell into silence. Li Mu's guitar playing was melodious and pleasing to the ear.

After a simple prelude, Li Mu began to sing the poetry-like work with his own unique magnetic voice.

"In the misty rain of March in the south

You sit in your empty rice shop

You hold Apple in one hand, and fate in the other

Looking for your own fragrance … "

The people outside the window are in a hurry

Casting their eyes on the wet road

Your dance steps across the empty room