Chapter 486

When the colleagues in the group heard that Xinlang was going to poach a team, they were all very interested. They asked Liu Xuebin about the specific situation, including the current plans and progress of Xinlang, and how they were going to deal with Makino Technology, the rising star in the instant messaging industry.

Liu Xuebin said, "I'm not very sure about the specifics. Their project is still in the confidential stage, so they haven't revealed much about the specifics. However, they said that we can talk face to face, so I'm planning to go to Beijing next Monday to talk to them."

Someone asked, "Boss Liu, if our entire team goes, what kind of treatment will they give us?"

Liu Xuebin said, "I'm not sure about that. They only said that they can provide competitive salaries, but we can only know the specific standards after we talk face to face."

Then, Liu Xuebin sent another message. "Have you guys found a job yet?

If the matter in Beijing is reliable, which one of you is willing to go? "

There were more than sixty people in the group now, and more than forty of them were online. Most of them wanted to confirm the salary first before considering whether to go to Beijing. After all, Beijing was too far from Shenzhen. The distance of more than two thousand kilometers was almost equivalent to crossing half of Hua Xia.

Liu Xuebin said, "Then let's discuss it after I come back from Beijing. At that time, I'll tell you the specifics of the situation, and we can discuss whether we should go there together. Although it's a good job opportunity, if their strategic position isn't clear enough, I'm afraid they won't be able to withstand the pressure of fantasizing in the future. If we go there from afar, they might give up on instant messaging soon, and we'll lose more than we gain."

Liu Xuebin was very realistic, and everyone agreed. Liu Xuebin specifically asked Chen Hui in the group, "Chen Hui, I'm going to Beijing next Monday, and I'll probably be staying for a few days. Do you have time to have a meal together?"

Chen Hui said, "Sure, Boss Liu. Contact me when you arrive. 1380101 XXXX, that's my current phone number."

"Okay, I'll contact you when I arrive in Beijing."

Chen Hui said, "Oh right, I'm going to Shenzhen for a business trip tomorrow. If you guys are free, we can take some time to organize a gathering."

Most of the colleagues in the group said that there was no problem. Chen Hui could contact them anytime when he was in Shenzhen. After all, everyone was free now and had a lot of time.

After Liu Xuebin told everyone about Xin Lang UC's situation, he went offline. Chen Hui did not continue chatting with everyone in the group. Instead, he wanted to quickly inform the leader about Xin Lang.

Chen Hui did not know that Xinlang had been brewing the UC project for a long time, and the original plan was to launch it in mid-July 2002. Xinlang's original plan was very good. They had already started developing UC when Teng Xun was gaining momentum. When they saw that Teng Xun was starting to charge for user registration so early, they wanted to take advantage of Teng Xun's messing around to push UC out. However, when the project met the conditions to launch, Makino Technology suddenly appeared.

They had been brewing for a long time to launch an attack on a big enemy. The guns and cannons were already built, and just as they were about to make their move, the opponent was killed by someone else. It was only then that Xinlang realized that there was an even stronger opponent hidden in this industry, much stronger than QQ.

However, Xinlang was different from Teng Xun. Xinlang's core business was the portal website. Users and traffic were its core elements now. As for doing UC, it was also because it wanted to conquer the world in the instant messaging industry, and not guard the world like Teng Xun. No matter who had the current share of the instant messaging industry, Xinlang had to fight from zero. Therefore, to them, if they could fight, they would fight, as much as they could. Every bit of market share was equivalent to a victory. At worst, it would be a failure. At most, they would just lose a little money.

It was precisely because of this mentality that Xinlang adjusted UC's development strategy before UC's launch. They wanted to slow down the pace of UC's launch, re-develop and upgrade the product, and maximize the strength of their own product. Then, they would compete with Makino Technology.

Like Li Mu, Xinlang also had their eyes on the team that Teng Xun had laid off. If they could poach the entire team and put them into a new round of UC development, it would greatly improve the strength of the UC development team. Perhaps they could compete with YY. Even if they could not compare, it did not matter. At least they could cut into the instant messaging software market through UC. Then, using the existing users of Xinlang, they could more or less occupy a certain market share.

The positioning of UC was originally a jackal that hunted its prey. Even if it was facing an elephant, it was willing to give it a try. The elephant had a lot of meat on its body, and one bite was one bite.

Chen Hui did not have Li Mu's phone number, so he immediately told this news to his superior, Sun Qian. When Sun Qian heard it, he immediately reported it to Li Mu.

If it were not for this phone call, Li Mu would have almost forgotten about the existence of UC. The fate of UC in its previous life was quite tragic. Originally, Xinlang wanted to take advantage of Teng Xun's deviation in positioning to fight for the market, but Boss Ma was too flexible. When he discovered the crisis, he immediately changed his strategy and directly suppressed UC. Just like that, UC was completely scrapped before it could become popular.

However, the scrapped UC did not immediately withdraw from the market. Xinlang continued to operate this software for a long time. In the end, it was basically equivalent to self-entertainment. They had lost all their external users. In the end, they simply set an internal requirement. Internal employees were not allowed to use QQ during working hours. They could only use UC to communicate. Thus, UC became the internal communication tool of Xinlang. It could also be considered recycling.

Li Mu carefully looked at the situation of UC with a broken leg. He basically understood UC's mentality. It was the same mentality as when Teng Xun started Q Bar and QQ Fishery. As long as his core business was not affected, then he could do other convenient experiments to compete with other companies for the market.

Li Mu was puzzled. Teng Xun came to him with this mentality in the beginning. He attacked several times but to no avail. Instead, he launched a surprise attack. His hometown was destroyed. Could it be that Xinlang did not have any conscience?

Isn't it just a portal website? What are you so proud of?

It's fine if you want to compete with me for the market, but now you want to compete with me for the team.

Therefore, Li Mu called Zhang Xiaodi. "The original 20% salary premium has been increased to a maximum of 50%. No matter what, we can't let Xinlang succeed."

After Zhang Xiaodi heard this, she immediately promised, "I will definitely do my best and strive to poach the most people with the least cost."

Li Mu grunted and said, "Grasp it yourself."

Then, he hung up and called Lin Ching-ah.

Lin Ching-ah had just finished showering. A thin towel was wrapped in front of her chest. She was drying her hair while looking at the phone on the washstand. She could not help but think of her boss, Li Mu. If at the beginning, Lin Ching-ah still had feelings for Li Mu, now she basically regarded him as a beacon of life. She still had a crush on him, but it had reached the point where she only liked and admired him. She did not expect to possess him. Lin Ching-ah thought that she had already sublimated. If it was in the past, even when she was dreaming, she would be with Li Mu. But now, when she dreamed of him, he was basically commanding the employees of Makino Technology to attack in various fields of the Internet.

Just as she was letting her imagination run wild, the phone screen suddenly lit up, followed by a ringtone and vibration. Lin Ching-ah saw the words on the screen immediately. She was so happy that she could not believe it. Why did he call when she was thinking about him?

Lin Ching-ah picked up the phone happily like a young girl and said hello to Li Zong. Then, Li Mu said, "Qingya, pay attention and poach an experienced chief editor for Makino Technology."

Lin Ching-ah knew that Li Mu must have called because of work, so she did not feel disappointed when Li Mu planted the main topic. Instead, she immediately went into work mode and asked him, "Which chief editor is in charge of?"

"YY portal."

Li Mu said, "It's time for us to set up our portal. The specific planning can generally refer to traditional portals like Sina, NetEase, and Yahoo. We must do it more meticulously than them."

Lin Ching-ah did not know why Li Mu suddenly wanted to hire a chief editor to set up a portal, but she understood Li Mu's style of doing things. He did not hesitate when he thought about it. If Li Mu wanted to set up a portal, then he would definitely find a way to achieve it as soon as possible.

The portal was originally in Li Mu's plan, and he would only pay attention to it after the second half of this year. His current energy was basically focused on the YY product ecology and Taobao. He did not want to set up a portal so early.

The main domain name of Sina was reserved in advance for the future portal. However, portals were different from products. Products needed to focus on functionality and user experience, but portals needed to focus on content. It required a powerful chief editor to take the lead and a large group of editors to follow up to create quality content that users liked. This was a more arduous task that needed to be accumulated over time.

However, since Xin Lang wanted to go against him, he definitely could not let them off easy. It was not a problem for them to do instant messaging. Li Mu welcomed them with open arms. However, as a response to Xin Lang, Li Mu also had to immediately start the portal project. It was impolite not to reciprocate.

At the same time, Li Mu also thought of hao123. Currently, hao123's traffic was already very strong. While Baidu had not yet accepted it, he should find an opportunity to take it down first. This way, the traffic for the URL navigation would be in his hands. Also, with such a huge user base of YY, once the YY portal was set up, he could immediately direct traffic from YY and hao123 to YY portal. With the source of the traffic in his hands, YY portal would be able to rest easy in the future.

To Li Mu, taking over the URL navigation website was not only a huge amount of traffic, but it also had a very important strategic significance, which was to contain his competitors.