Chapter 419

Hearing that Li Mu was looking for a private detective, Hui Ka Ming was slightly surprised. He then asked him with a smile, "Why are you looking for a private detective?"

Li Mu said, "It's definitely useful. Don't ask so much, just introduce me to someone suitable."

Hui Ka Ming said with a smile, "I know quite a lot of private detectives. Let me introduce you to a professional one."

Li Mu curled his lips. "Who do you think you are? A professional …"

Hui Ka Ming laughed. "He's definitely a good private detective. I'll give him your number later and let him contact you."

"Okay."

After a while, Li Mu received a call from an unknown number. Once the call was connected, a slightly deep male voice asked him, "Hello, are you Mr Li?"

Li Mu answered, "Yes, it's me. And you are?"

The other party said, "I was introduced by Mr Xu. I specialize in investigations. When are you free? We can meet and talk face to face."

Li Mu immediately understood that he must be the private detective introduced by Hui Ka Ming. Hence, he said, "I'm free tomorrow afternoon."

The other party said, "Okay, if it's convenient, we can talk face to face at my company."

Li Mu said, "Let's meet at Zhongguancun. I'll send you the address later."

When looking for a private detective to investigate someone, he or she must at least be in the dark. Hence, Li Mu decided to ask the other party out for a meeting.

The other party agreed readily. "Then I'll wait for your message."

Li Mu asked the other party to meet at a teahouse in Zhongguancun. The next day, at around four o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu met the private detective introduced by Hui Ka Ming in the teahouse.

According to the business card, his name was Xu Jianjun. He was not tall, tanned and skinny. He looked like someone who had served in the army.

Li Mu didn't tell Xu Jianjun what he wanted from the beginning. Instead, after they introduced themselves to each other, Li Mu asked about the general situation of the private detective industry and his experience.

Xu Jianjun said, "The private detective industry has been developing in China for more than ten years, but it's still a minority. Currently, there are about ten thousand people in the industry. Their professional quality is also uneven. It's quite chaotic. I've been in this industry for six years and I've made a name for myself."

Then, Xu Jianjun looked at Li Mu and said bluntly, "To be honest, I don't take orders from the public anymore. I'm mainly serving a few big clients. If it wasn't for Mr. Xu's introduction, I wouldn't have taken your job."

When Li Mu heard this, he sighed in his heart. Xu Jianjun looked like he was in his early thirties and had been in this industry for a few years. Logically speaking, he should know the essence of the service industry. In the service industry, customers were always God. However, he spoke bluntly and said that it was because of Hui Ka Ming that he took his job. He was also arrogant.

However, Li Mu was not unhappy. The person introduced by Hui Ka Ming must be very professional. It was fine if he was arrogant.

Thus, Li Mu said, "This time, I want you to help me investigate a person's private life. I want to know the identities of the men that she's been in close contact with. It would be best if you can get pictures, videos, and audio recordings."

Xu Jianjun nodded and said with an expressionless face, "Mr. Li, if it's just a follow-up investigation, my standard fee is ¥3,000 a day. If the other party is a public figure or a well-known figure in the business or political world, the fee will be higher. Also, photos will be provided. If you need video or audio recordings, the fee will be adjusted. If it's an indoor or private place, the risk is higher, so the fee will be higher."

Li Mu said, "That's understandable. Money isn't a problem. I want as much information as possible, and a private place is fine too."

Xu Jianjun quickly took out a small notebook and said, "Then please introduce the person that you want to investigate in detail."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I want you to investigate Ma Weiwei, the female host of Yanjing Satellite TV."

Xu Jianjun immediately wrote a long string of Chinese characters and letters on the small notebook in his unique way of recording. Li Mu glanced at it and found that there was no pattern at all. He didn't know what he was recording at all. Maybe only he knew it in his heart.

After Xu Jianjun finished writing, he looked up at Li Mu. Li Mu continued, "I need to know which men she has intimate relationships with in her private life after work, who she eats with, who she rides with, who she goes to private places with, and even who she goes home with and who she brings home with her. The more detailed, the better."

Xu Jianjun nodded and asked, "What's the time limit? How long do you need to investigate?"

Li Mu said, "Follow her for a week first."

Xu Jianjun said, "If you clearly tell me what kind of information you want, I can give you the feedback after I get the relevant information. If you don't tell me clearly, then I will collect information according to the requirements you listed and contact you once every three days."

"Once every three days?" Li Mu asked, "Can we do it once every day?"

"Sure, but the additional frequency of the docking will require additional money."

Li Mu was speechless. He waved his hand and said, "Then, add it!"

Xu Jianjun nodded and immediately calculated a sum. He said to Li Mu, "The basic service fee is 3,000 yuan per day. Because the person you are talking about is a public figure, you have to add an additional 2,000 yuan. The daily docking will add 500 yuan, which is 5,500 yuan per day, and 38500 yuan per day for seven days."

As he spoke, Xu Jianjun continued, "You said before that you need as much information as possible, so I'll assume that you need video and audio recording services in addition to the photos of the stalking. This will add another 1,000 yuan per day, which is 7,000 yuan per day. In addition, the eavesdropping and photography in private places will be charged on a per-use basis. The installation and dismantling of a normal house will cost a total of 30000 yuan, a villa will cost 50000 yuan, and an office space will cost 80000 yuan. The equipment's operation period is 10 days. If it's less than 10 days, it will be counted as 10 days. If it's more than 10 days, it will be charged based on the number of days it's successfully operated.

"In addition, all the eavesdropping and photography equipment I use will be specially processed. The data can be transmitted back in real time, so even if it's discovered by the other party, it won't affect the previously collected data. In addition, it won't bring you any trouble."

Li Mu calculated in his heart. The cost of investigating a week's expenses would be around 100,000 yuan. This guy's asking price was indeed too high. Nowadays, many white-collar workers couldn't even earn 100,000 yuan a year. To him, it was just a week's worth of work.

Xu Jianjun looked at Li Mu's strange expression and smiled. "Actually, to tell you the truth, Mr. Li, my asking price is basically double the market price. So generally speaking, I can provide the best service in the industry. So, everything depends on whether this matter is really important to you. If it's not, then there's no need to spend so much money to investigate the other party."

Li Mu didn't care about the money in the first place. He just felt that the fee was a little ridiculous, but he just sighed. He didn't really want to give up because of the price. Since Xu Jianjun was so confident, and even Hui Ka Ming recommended him, then he should have some skills. If he could dig out the scandal between Ma Weiwei and a certain leader of the television station, 100,000 yuan would be a very cost-effective price.

Hence, Li Mu agreed on the spot. "No problem, we'll do as you say. It's best if we start tonight."

Xu Jianjun nodded. "If we start tonight, then Mr. Li, you'll have to pay me 100,000 yuan in advance. It's equivalent to an advance payment. After the mission is completed, you'll have to refund the overpayment."

Li Mu said, "I'll go to the bank later to withdraw the money for you."

Xu Jianjun took out a thick black plastic bag and a Nokia blue screen phone from his briefcase. He handed them to Li Mu and said, "In order to not give you any worries, you can use this phone to contact me in the future. If I want to look for you, I'll call this phone. Also, as for the money, you can withdraw it later and put it in the plastic bag. I'll drive to the bank and wait for you at the entrance. You can just toss the money in through the window and leave the rest to me."

"No problem."

…

Recently, Ma Weiwei had been troubled by Chen Wan.

The attacks on her on the internet were endless. Every day, a large number of viewers would call the TV station's hotline to scold her. Some even wrote letters to scold her. The most disgusting thing was that sometimes, when she came to work in the morning, she would find notes attacking her spread around the TV station. This caused her to be constantly discussed by the people at the TV station, and she was also under a lot of pressure. Because of her recent poor state, Ma Weiwei had rejected Zhan Yun's requests in that area several times. Every day, she would immediately drive home after work. She didn't want to have any unnecessary contact with anyone. She just wanted to endure the humiliation and get through this incident.

In the afternoon, after work, Ma Weiwei drove home. However, she didn't know that a car had followed her all the way from the TV station to her residential area. The car even knew her house number.

The next morning, Xu Jianjun went to the entrance of Ma Weiwei's residential area and waited. After Ma Weiwei drove away, he quietly made his way to Ma Weiwei's house. After Xu Jianjun confirmed that there was no one at home, he used his exquisite skills to unlock Ma Weiwei's door within 20 seconds. Then, he quickly entered the home of the TV host who lived alone.

The wirelessly emitted listening devices were very small. Xu Jianjun stuck one under the sofa in the living room and hid another in the crack on the back of the bed in the bedroom.

The cameras, which were less than two millimeters in diameter, were installed in the ceiling lamps in the living room and bedroom. The main body of the camera was stuck to the lampboard with a strong double-sided glue, and the smaller camera connected to the cable was directly installed in the crack.

Xu Jianjun was very experienced in installing cameras. The camera was installed in the lampboard. When the lights were on, it was invisible. When the lights were off, it was even more invisible.

If the lights were on, no one would raise their head to look directly at the ceiling lamps. Even if they looked directly at the ceiling lamps, the light would attract everyone's attention. It was impossible to find any clues in the crack. Moreover, the main body of the camera stuck to the lampboard would not be exposed. It was the so-called darkness under the light.

After doing all this, Xu Jianjun immediately cleaned up all the traces he left when he came in. Then, he quietly left.

Xu Jianjun was indeed the top in the private detective industry. He was so famous that not many people in the industry really knew about him. Since this person showed his ability in investigation, he immediately became the exclusive detective of big families and rich people. So, he did not need to take other jobs, let alone do any publicity. Under normal circumstances, he would not take on new clients introduced by old clients, because he did not want his energy to be too scattered, and he did not want too many people to know about him. This would make his old clients feel that he was not as focused and safe as before.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Jianjun liked to deal with business tycoons. Most of their needs were business information and competitors' business information. This kind of work was technical, challenging, profitable, and fulfilling. Unlike most private detectives in society, who would investigate some boring gossip or some illicit affairs between men and women every day. This time, when Li Mu asked him to investigate the private life of a female TV host, he felt a little disgusted. However, he had no choice. He had always put his client's request first. As long as he accepted the client's request, he could not refuse no matter how vulgar the client's request was.

But then again, if it wasn't for Hui Ka Ming's recommendation, he would not have accepted Li Mu's request no matter what. After all, more than half of his income came from the Xu family, and it was Hui Ka Ming and his family. Therefore, Hui Ka Ming was his biggest client, and he had no choice but to give him face.

After installing the surveillance equipment, Xu Jianjun's work had only just begun. In the coming week, he would need to spend most of his time and energy on Ma Weiwei. First, he arranged for his assistant to be stationed near the TV station to keep an eye on Ma Weiwei. Once Ma Weiwei left the TV station, his assistant would follow her closely and take pictures of her. Meanwhile, Xu Jianjun and his other assistant would stay in a modified van. The surveillance equipment and surveillance equipment he installed in Ma Weiwei's house transmitted sound and video through radio signals. Everything was captured and recorded by the car's radio equipment. Compared to the radio equipment that could actively transmit signals, this kind of equipment could guarantee a longer standby time. Otherwise, he would have to sneak into Ma Weiwei's house every other day to change the battery of the equipment.

The range of radio transmission was limited. In order to ensure the quality of the transmission, Xu Jianjun had to ensure that the distance between him and Ma Weiwei's house did not exceed one kilometer. Therefore, once Ma Weiwei returned home, he would have to get within range of the radio and monitor the situation at home.

It had been a few days since Zhan Yun had the chance to kiss Ma Weiwei. After getting used to Ma Weiwei, a beautiful woman who was more than ten years younger than him, he could no longer get used to the old woman at home. On top of that, Ma Weiwei had been avoiding him for the past few days. She wouldn't pick up his calls or reply to his messages after work. There was one time when he mustered up the courage to visit her, but she chased him out. Ma Weiwei said that she was not in the mood to sleep with him. Although Zhan Yun was annoyed, he did not show it on his face. After all, he could understand Ma Weiwei's current situation.