Chapter 625

After the pre-launch planning meeting of the YY portal, Li Mu specifically called Zhang Guorong's agent, Ms. Chen Shufen, and explained in detail his idea of following up on Leslie Cheung and Anfang Mei's trip to the Mainland. Chen Shufen knew the ways of the entertainment industry very well. As soon as Li Mu said this idea, she agreed without hesitation.

Makino Technology has long established a strong corporate image in the minds of Hong Kong and Taiwan stars. Now, from the A-list stars to the B-list artists, it is believed that no one will refuse the cooperation of Makino Technology. What's more, this time Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang are going to do a charity event. The more charity event, the more exposure they need.

However, Chen Shufen is not absolutely sure whether Mei Yanfang will agree or not. After all, although Mei Yanfang is an artist that she brought out, the economic relationship is no longer with her, so she has to call Mei Yanfang to confirm her own will. However, Chen Shufen is still very confident. In her own words, "Anita is very reasonable. I don't think she will refuse this kind of thing."

With Chen Shufen's words, Li Mu is more or less relieved.

After hanging up her phone, Li Mu specifically called Mo Wenwei. Even if he is sure that she will not refuse, out of respect, Li Mu still needs to communicate with her in advance. Otherwise, if she comes with the mentality of a private visit and is surrounded by a bunch of reporters, the feeling will be very big.

Mo Wenwei has been preparing to go to the Mainland these two days. This time, her agent has planned a very busy schedule for her. She will go to Yanjing to visit Li Mu, go to Xiangnan Satellite TV to participate in "Happy Camp" and accept interviews with several programs of Xiangnan Satellite TV, and then participate in five commercial activities in three cities, including different types of activities such as platter performance, shopping mall opening, and finally go to Yangcheng to sign an endorsement agreement with a Mainland cosmetics company.

Mo Wenwei has never been so popular in the past two years. There are a variety of reasons for this. First of all, her personal image is slightly at a disadvantage. In terms of image, she is certainly not in the first line; but in terms of voice, she is not in the first line. Her slightly special voice is somewhat at a disadvantage in the pop music circle. If it weren't for Li Mu's support, she would always be a lukewarm quasi-A-list. The so-called quasi-A-list, that is, everyone knows this person, has seen this person's movies, and has heard this person's songs, but this person just can't get popular, the salary is not up, and the appearance fee is not up.

Now, Mo Wenwei's new album is very popular in the Mainland, and the pre-sale volume of Taobao continues to grow. Now the total sales volume has exceeded 500,000 and continues to reach new highs. All kinds of announcements, performances, and endorsement invitations in the Mainland continue, almost all because of Li Mu's strong support, so Mo Wenwei is very grateful to him.

After receiving Li Mu's call, Mo Wenwei was very surprised and asked excitedly, "Mr. Li, why do you think of calling me? I'm really flattered!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Miss Mo, you don't have to be so polite. Just call me Li Mu. The purpose of today's call is to ask for your opinion on something."

Mo Wenwei said hurriedly, "Please say it."

Li Mu told her the matter on the phone. After listening to it, Mo Wenwei almost agreed without thinking and said, "I think it's OK. I have no opinion on it. Moreover, I will have a lot of activities in the Mainland this time. If your portal doesn't mind, I very much welcome you to follow and report the whole process …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "If you say so, I will take it seriously!"

Mo Wenwei also said with a smile, "Of course it's true!

In the future, I will fully cooperate with you for anything about Makino Technology and Taobao. As long as you can think of me, I will not let you down! "

Mo Wenwei said again, "By the way, this time I signed up for the charity auction of the Seedling Protection Fund on Taobao as soon as possible, and this time I donated my favorite Patek-Philippe watch to this charity auction."

Patek-Philippe translated to "Patek Philippe" in the Mainland. Although Li Mu didn't know the price of Patek Philippe's watch now, Li Mu remembered that the basic model of Patek Philippe was at least two or three hundred thousand yuan. Mo Wenwei said that she donated her favorite Patek Philippe, so it should not be an ordinary basic model. If it was a limited edition, the price would be very high. Even taking into account the inflation in these years, it should be at least tens of thousands of US dollars.

Tens of thousands of US dollars, when converted to HKD, would be hundreds of thousands of HKD. Li Mu was really surprised that Mo Wenwei would donate such a valuable personal item for this online charity auction.

The existence of Patek Philippe, which was like a work of art, should be far more meaningful to most owners than a wristwatch. Li Mu thought that if it was his beloved thing, he might not be willing to donate it. Even if he directly donated money, he would not donate a thing. But thinking that the core purpose of this event was a charity auction, donating money was naturally not the theme of this time.

After expressing their gratitude to Mo Wenwei, they also agreed to meet in Yan Jing in a few days. It happened that Chen Shufen also sent a message to Li Mu, and Mei Yanfang also agreed with the model proposed by Li Mu. All three of them were willing to let Makino Technology follow up and report the whole process. The next hot topic of the YY portal's launch had basically been finalized.

Li Mu immediately reported to Wang Nan that the portal would be officially launched on July 1st, and the special reports of the three stars' trip to the Mainland would also start on the 1st. In the next three days, Li Mu asked Wang Nan and Lu Xinyi to work together to do a good job in the special page, the special copy, and the formation of the frontline reporter team. They must use this long-term exclusive news to bring a good start to the YY portal.

After settling the work for the launch, Li Mu looked at the time. It was almost time for his appointment with Ding Zhenglin, so he took Lin Ching-ah to the restaurant to meet Ding Zhenglin.

Ding Zhenglin didn't go to work this afternoon. He specially went out to have a haircut to make himself look more neat and tidy. Then he hurried home to change into the most formal and most presentable suit. This Zegna suit was specially bought in the US when he went to the US headquarters of Sequoia as an elite of Hua Xia District. In Ding Zhenglin's own words, he only had this suit for drinking tea in the US after working in the investment bank for seven or eight years. He usually put it in a dust-proof bag at home and would never wear it under normal circumstances. He would only take it out of the closet when there was a big scene or a big business to discuss. Although it was very hot today, he felt it was always right to be solemn.

To prevent unexpected incidents such as traffic jams, Ding Zhenglin drove to the restaurant that Li Mu had booked an hour in advance. This was his habit before a big business discussion. He would wait quietly nearby in advance and then arrive on time. This way, he could avoid unexpected incidents and be late, but he wouldn't let the other party look down on him because he arrived too early. Generally speaking, there was a direct psychological reflection of a negotiation: whoever placed more importance on the negotiation would have a hard time taking the initiative.

Although Ding Zhenglin knew that this negotiation was obviously what Sequoia wanted, he still had to be calm and collected. He didn't want the other party to guess his and the entire company's intentions through his subtle behavior.

Ding Zhenglin's gas guzzler Buick New Century was still running. He wore a shirt, suit, and tie meticulously. In the weather at the end of June, as long as the air conditioner was turned off, he would definitely be covered in sweat in the car. Sometimes Ding Zhenglin didn't want to be so grand, or people on the street would look at him like they were looking at an idiot. However, the senior management of Sequoia had always been deeply influenced by the style of American financial elites. Whether it was the heat of summer or the cold of winter, they had to wear formal clothes to discuss business. Otherwise, it would give people a feeling of unprofessionalism and disrespect. Of course, if it was an investment of millions or tens of millions, investment managers who were a few levels lower than him would probably come in a short-sleeved shirt. The bigger the business, the more all the details had to be done.

At 6: 50, Ding Zhenglin adjusted his tie through the car's rearview mirror. After confirming that there was no problem, he got out of the car and walked into the restaurant.

Lin Ching-ah had already told Ding Zhenglin the name of the private room that the restaurant had booked, so he directly told the receptionist the name of the private room, and the receptionist brought him to the private room.

Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah had set off a little late. It happened to be the evening rush hour, so there was a little traffic jam on the road. When they arrived at the restaurant, it was already more than ten minutes past the agreed time. The two of them walked unhurriedly to the private room. The waiter who led the way had just pushed the door open when Ding Zhenglin, who was in the private room, instinctively raised his head. The moment he saw Li Mu, he realized that he was an idiot today.

Li Mu was dressed like a "programmer" today. He was wearing a bagged basic T-shirt that he had bought from Giordano. It was the simplest kind of round-neck T-shirt, a pair of black cropped shorts, and a pair of soft wooden sandals. He was also carrying a backpack on his shoulder. With this outfit, he could happily play in the water in Beidaihe if he threw away the backpack.

Lin Ching-ah, who was beside him, was also dressed very simply today. She was wearing a half-sleeved white shirt, a black long skirt, and a pair of leather sandals with sloped heels. Overall, she looked very casual, but she also had the demeanor of an OL.

Looking at the two of them, and then looking at himself, Ding Zhenglin could not help but feel embarrassed. However, he could only bite the bullet and stand up. He politely and courteously said to Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah, "Hello, Li Zong, hello, CEO Lin. I am Ding Zhenglin from Sequoia Capital. It's our first time meeting, please take care of me."

Lin Ching-ah nodded slightly and gave him a professional smile. At this time, she did not speak. Instead, she gave the opportunity to speak to Li Mu, because at this time, Li Mu would naturally open his mouth to respond to his greeting. If she also opened her mouth, it would seem that she was too blind.

Li Mu looked at Ding Zhenglin with a slightly surprised gaze. Then, he quickly extended his hand and said with a smile, "Hello, CEO Ding. How long have you been here?"

Ding Zhenglin smiled slightly and said casually, "I've been here for a while."

Li Mu nodded. Looking at Ding Zhenglin's outfit, he wanted to laugh but was too embarrassed to do so. The air conditioner in the private room was quite cold. He reckoned that this brother had been sitting here for a long time in this outfit.

Li Mu deliberately wanted to create a bit of an awkward atmosphere in Ding Zhenglin's heart. He turned to look at Lin Ching-ah and asked her in a low voice, "Are you cold?

I have a long-sleeved shirt in the trunk. Do you want me to bring it over for you? "