Chapter 1114

Her lie was seen through by Li Mu, and it also let Li Mu know that she came to Shenzhen to see him. At this point, Wei Lan understood in her heart that although she hadn't said a lot of words, in fact, they already had a tacit understanding.

However, for Wei Lan, the thing she wanted the most was a tacit understanding.

If she left Shenzhen just like that, Wei Lan's heart was especially unwilling. Either she didn't let him know at all, or she openly told him that she loved him in her heart. What was the point of being ambiguous in the middle?

Therefore, Wei Lan especially hoped that before she left, she could still have the opportunity to meet with Li Mu alone. Even if he was just an audience, quietly listening to her words, she would be satisfied.

At this time, Li Mu replied to her message: "Drinking is no problem, are you sure you want to drink now?"

Wei Lan said without hesitation: "I'm sure, now."

Wei Lan had always felt regret in her heart that she didn't have the opportunity to speak to Li Mu face to face. She especially hoped that she could take advantage of the courage she had mustered after drinking to tell Li Mu everything she wanted to say. No matter how Li Mu responded, at least in the future, she wouldn't regret not daring to speak her true feelings.

The reason why Li Mu turned back at the last minute and booked a room in the hotel was because of his subconscious love and pity for Wei Lan. He also hoped that he could have the opportunity to talk to Wei Lan face to face. Otherwise, if they didn't talk properly, after she left tomorrow, the two of them would be awkward from then on, and the future would only become more and more distant.

Speaking of which, Li Mu more or less had some indescribable feelings for Wei Lan in his heart. He had always cared about her in his heart, otherwise, he wouldn't have racked his brains to help her, let alone risking everything to save her.

Immediately, Li Mu sent a message to Wei Lan: "Tell me your room number."

When Wei Lan saw this message, her heart suddenly began to beat faster, and with apprehension and anticipation, she replied: "8303."

Li Mu said, "Alright, I'll head over now."

When Wei Lan heard that Li Mu was coming over, she immediately stood up nervously. She hurriedly ran into the bathroom to check her condition in front of the mirror. At the same time, she texted Li Mu: "Are you really coming over?"

Li Mu said, "How can this be fake?

I'll be right there. "

Wei Lan looked at herself in the mirror. Not only was her face haggard, but her eyes were also swollen like eggs. She suddenly panicked and couldn't help but want to find a makeup bag to cover her red and swollen eyes. But before she could unzip the makeup bag, the doorbell rang.

Wei Lan was taken aback by the sudden doorbell!

She subconsciously thought that it was Li Mu, but immediately denied this speculation in her heart, because it was impossible for Li Mu to come so quickly. He could not teleport, and even if he rushed over from home, it would take at least 20 to 30 minutes.

If it wasn't Li Mu, then who could it be?

Wei Lan had stayed in this hotel for a few days, and she had never encountered someone knocking at the door at night. So, she suspiciously came to the door and nervously opened the peephole cover. When she saw who it was, she was so shocked that she couldn't help but scream!

Li Mu!

The person standing outside the door was actually Li Mu!

Wei Lan was so surprised that at this moment, she even forgot that she hadn't put makeup on her red and swollen eyes. She couldn't wait to open the door. When she saw Li Mu standing outside the door, Wei Lan's brain heated up, and she suddenly threw herself into his arms.

Li Mu was caught off guard by Wei Lan, and his body couldn't help but take a few steps back due to the inertia of her throwing herself at him. Only then did he manage to stabilize his body.

Wei Lan, who was in his arms, hugged his waist, and rested the side of her face on his chest. Her hands hugged him tightly.

The sudden appearance of Li Mu gave Wei Lan a huge surprise. She never thought that after Li Mu said he was coming, he was already at the door of her room in less than two minutes!

This miraculous man was truly omnipotent!

Could it be that he flew over?!

Wei Lan was happy and surprised. Coupled with the stimulation of alcohol, she didn't even consider whether hugging Li Mu was a little too forward.

"How did you get here so quickly?" Wei Lan was like a little girl, and she asked in surprise and coquettishly in Li Mu's arms.

Li Mu smiled and said, "I came quickly because I live next door."

"Next door?" Wei Lan raised her head and stared at Li Mu in surprise. "Why are you living here?"

Li Mu didn't answer her question. Instead, he looked at the corridor on both sides and said, "Didn't you want me to drink with you?

No matter what, you should let me in first, right? "

Only then did Wei Lan react. She hurriedly let go of Li Mu and invited him into the room.

As soon as he entered Wei Lan's suite, Li Mu saw the wine bottles and glasses on the carpet. Wei Lan had already drunk nearly half of a 750ml bottle of red wine. He couldn't help but tease, "You drank it yourself?"

Wei Lan nodded with a red face. "I opened it when I came back."

After saying that, Wei Lan was afraid that Li Mu would tease her again, so she hurriedly asked him, "You haven't answered my question. Why are you living here?"

Li Mu took a red wine glass from the mini bar in the hotel room and then sat down on the carpet. As he poured himself a glass of wine, he said, "On the way back, I had a stroke. I asked them to send me here and get me a room."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu in surprise. For a moment, she was speechless.

She didn't expect that Li Mu didn't return to his own place at all. Instead, he went back to the hotel she was staying at and even secretly got a room in this hotel. Could it be that he was like her and didn't want the two of them to keep their silence?

Wei Lan sat down beside Li Mu with the red wine and glass between them. She asked him curiously, "What would you do if I didn't reply to your text after I took a shower?"

Li Mu laughed. "What would I do? I thought it through before I came here. If you want to chat, I'll chat with you. If you don't want to chat, I'll sleep in the room and send you to the airport tomorrow."

As he said that, Li Mu teased, "I know you don't have any close friends in Shenzhen. I can't let you go alone, can I?"

Wei Lan's face instantly turned red. She stammered, "I'm really sorry, I shouldn't have lied to you."

Li Mu smiled slightly and didn't say anything. Instead, he picked up the wine glass and handed the other one to Wei Lan. "Didn't you say that you would only tell me the specific reason after drinking more wine?

Come, I'll drink with you. "

Wei Lan nodded and took the wine glass and clinked it with Li Mu. After drinking half the glass of red wine, she said, "In my life, there have been two times when I was at my most desperate. The first time was when I came to Beijing to find help but failed, and then I was schemed against. The other time was when I was kidnapped by Song Zhilei. I guessed that it was him, and I thought I would definitely die in his hands."

Li Mu didn't know why Wei Lan suddenly started talking about the past. He said, "Isn't it all in the past now?

You're now a senior executive of Wanying. Within this system, I won't let anyone hurt you like those two times again. "

Wei Lan smiled faintly and said, "How good would it be if the middle words were removed."

After saying that, she changed the topic and said, "What I want to say isn't how desperate those two times were. I want to say that the reason why I was lucky enough to get through those two times was because of you. If it wasn't for you the first time, I might have sold all my assets and ran to America. If it wasn't for you the second time, I might have already …"

Wei Lan couldn't finish her sentence. She lowered her head and fell into silence. After a moment, she suddenly raised her head and stared at Li Mu without blinking. She said seriously, "Li Mu, I love you. It's not the kind of love that a young girl would say casually. It's the kind of love that I have for you after careful consideration without any doubt."

Although Li Mu had guessed Wei Lan's thoughts, he didn't expect her to suddenly confess to him.

Seeing that Li Mu was looking at her in shock, Wei Lan continued, "I didn't want to bring you any extra trouble. I just wanted to work for you and Wanying. I just wanted to use this opportunity to stay by your side. I'm content to be able to become true friends with you and see you occasionally. The reason why I couldn't control myself this time and came to Shenzhen was because I haven't seen you for a long time. I knew that you weren't far away, so I wanted to come and see you."

At this point, Wei Lan's expression flashed with a hint of shame. She said, "The reason why I lied was because I didn't want to bring you trouble. So I pretended to come and see you. Then, like friends, I met you, had a meal, and talked about each other's recent situations. That was enough …"

Li Mu sighed softly and said, "If I didn't force you to take a break, you would have returned to Beijing the next day, right?"

"Mhmm."

Wei Lan nodded lightly. She lowered her head and said, "If that was the case, I wouldn't have exposed myself in front of you …"

After saying that, Wei Lan raised her head and looked at Li Mu. Her eyes were filled with deep affection. She said seriously, "Actually, this is quite good. I made a big mistake and was discovered by you. Although it was quite embarrassing, it was also because of the embarrassment that I had the opportunity to muster the courage to say these words to you. Otherwise, I'm afraid it would be buried in my heart for a long time."

Wei Lan's eyes and words made Li Mu's heart inevitably moved. He couldn't help but ask her, "Do you have any requests for me?"

Wei Lan shook her head and finished the wine in the glass. As she poured more wine, she avoided Li Mu's eyes and said in a low voice, "I don't have any requests. If you don't like me, just treat it as me being drunk and acting crazy today. Tomorrow, I will return to Beijing to continue working. When we meet again, we will forget about this little episode. If you like me too …"

"If you like me too, I hope to be your woman by your side. At the same time, I can also manage your business for you. It's enough that I can pretend to be a strong woman outside. You don't need to have any psychological burden for me, and you don't need to feel that I will be wronged. You only need to know that this is the best outcome that I can think of."

Li Mu asked her, "How am I worth it for you to do this?"

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu and shook her head. "Everything is worth it."

As she said this, she suddenly had a dangerous idea in her mind. She wanted to use practical actions to let Li Mu know her feelings for him.

In the blink of an eye, she turned over and sat on Li Mu's lap with the help of alcohol. She leaned over and kissed Li Mu's lips. This sudden action made Li Mu unable to react for a while.

"Li Mu, I love you. I am willing to love you with everything I have. Even if it's wrong, even if it's wrong, I will not retreat. I will never retreat!"

Like a firecracker that had been dampened, Li Mu was stunned for a moment before he was suddenly completely ignited by Wei Lan's words.

When Li Mu was ignited, he immediately began to actively respond to Wei Lan with practical actions. Wei Lan's actions were even more active. Before Li Mu came to his senses, Wei Lan had unbuttoned all the buttons of his shirt. Wei Lan leaned on his chest and blew sweet hot air into his ear. "Carry me to the bedroom …"

Her words made Li Mu feel his blood surging. In a hurry, he picked up Wei Lan and strode into the bedroom.

Everything seemed to be ready for the two of them. Li Mu had smoothly made all the preparations before the battle, but at the critical moment, Li Mu didn't expect that even with the help of alcohol, he still had some thoughts of retreating in his heart. There was no other reason than that he was afraid that Wei Lan's judgment at the moment was not rational enough. He was afraid that she would regret it when she woke up tomorrow.

Wei Lan didn't know why Li Mu suddenly stopped all his movements. With a stir of her mind, she could roughly guess what was on Li Mu's mind. With her eyebrows slightly furrowed, she chuckled and asked Li Mu, "Are you regretting or afraid?"

Li Mu shook his head. He wanted to explain, but he couldn't.

Wei Lan hugged Li Mu tightly and whispered in his ear, "We're all adults, and it's not the first time we've done this. Don't worry about whether you'll regret it tomorrow. Just don't leave each other hanging here, okay?"

Li Mu didn't know why, but he suddenly felt pain in his heart. Did Wei Lan's words mean that she had actually experienced such a thing?

His heart suddenly felt a little uncomfortable, but Li Mu thought about it. Wei Lan was already 26 or 27 years old. It would be abnormal if she hadn't experienced it at this age, right?

Wei Lan added fuel to the fire at this time. She said in Li Mu's ear, "I've been alone for too long. Remember to be gentle later …"

Wei Lan's words completely dispelled Li Mu's concerns and retreat. In his subconscious, there was a special plot playing tricks. Perhaps it was because he knew that Wei Lan had already experienced this kind of thing. He was inexplicably angry, but also a little more decisive.

After making the decision, Li Mu no longer had any intention of retreating. He even comforted himself in his heart. Although there was some regret in his heart, it didn't affect his feelings for Wei Lan. Instead, to a certain extent, it made him feel less guilty in his heart.

Although Li Mu despised his bastard logic in his heart, he had to admit that Wei Lan's words directly prompted him to make the final decision.