Chapter 81

Indeed, Li Mu could not bear to give them "Old Boys," because he liked the melody of the song too much, and it had really moved him before.

Back then, the Chopsticks Brothers had created a miracle on the internet with the micro movie "Old Boys" and the song of the same name. The micro movie had been played nearly 200 million times, and the number of times "Old Boys" had been played online and requested in karaoke was so high that it was incalculable.

Putting the micro movie aside, "Old Boys" was definitely an excellent song. First of all, the song's melody was written by the Japanese singer-songwriter Takumi Ohashi. The original version was titled "Thank You," and it had won a series of awards in Japan, including the Outstanding Song Award.

Not only was the music top-notch, but the Chinese lyrics were also top-notch. The lyrics revolved around "dreams", the most sensitive and persistent topic of young people. Every young person had their own dreams, but most of them had to compromise with life, pick up the drift in life, and abandon the dreams in life. And this song was an attempt to awaken those who had given up on their dreams, so that they would no longer be numb and continue to lose the passion of the past.

This was also the key reason why the micro movie and the theme song of "Old Boys" were so touching!

Although Zhang Kexuan and the others had not seen the micro movie of "Old Boys," Li Mu's song still moved them.

At first glance, the theme of the song was a huge question: Have your dreams come true?

Listening carefully, it had a deeper meaning: If you haven't realized your dreams yet, it's never too late to pursue them again!

Therefore, this was also a real motivational song.

Some people said that "Old Boys" was suitable for middle-aged listeners, but in reality, this song could resonate with anyone who had a dream. Even a teenager would be moved by the thoughts conveyed in the song when they heard it.

The four of them were moved and delighted by the simple plan. After Li Mu sang it once, they all asked him to sing it again.

Li Mu found a pen and paper and passed it to Zhang Kexuan. "I'll sing it twice, and you can write down the lyrics and chord score."

"Alright!"

Zhang Kexuan nodded excitedly. He was the lead singer of the band, so every time he received a good song from Li Mu, he was always more excited than the other three. This was because when the songs came out of Li Mu's mouth, they would be sung to the public through his own throat.

Li Mu sang it twice. Zhang Kexuan had almost memorized the lyrics and chords, and the tune was basically imprinted in his mind. Li Mu then handed the guitar to him. "Sing it once."

Zhang Kexuan took the guitar, cleared his throat, and sang as he strummed.

There were a few minor mistakes in the lyrics, but Li Mu immediately corrected them with a pen. There were no mistakes in the chord score and the tune, which once again proved that Zhang Kexuan's sense of music was very good.

After Zhang Kexuan sang it once, Li Mu pointed out, "At the beginning of the theme song, you must make your voice louder. The clearer and brighter, the better. This song is not for nothing, so try not to sing with a hoarse voice."

Zhang Kexuan nodded with a look of understanding, and asked, "What about the chorus?"

"The chorus has to be powerful."

Li Mu said, "You can interpret the main part of the song as a narrative. You're telling the audience about your experience, so you have to be calm. The chorus shows your explosive power. You can interpret this part as a question. You're asking the audience if their wishes have come true.

Now that things have come to this, can you only use it as a sacrifice?

Are you willing to give up on your dreams?

At this time, the more you can show your power, the more your 'question' will touch the hearts of the people. Not only must you move the audience, but you must also make them feel ashamed and reignite their fighting spirit! "

In his previous life, the song "Old Boys" could have been even more popular than the movie, but later on, it was rarely seen in the mainstream media. Even the Chopsticks Brothers did not sing this song in their performances. The main reason was that they did not really get the authorization from the composer, Takumi Ohashi. The Japanese record company had licensed the Chinese adaptation rights of this song to another Chinese singer.

Now that "Old Boys" was in the hands of Simple Project, Li Mu hoped that they could use their unique advantage to make this song even more famous.

As for what their unique advantage was, in Li Mu's opinion, the biggest one was Zhang Kexuan.

It couldn't be helped. A good-looking person could release an album even if he sang off-key. Even if he had facial paralysis, he could still act in a movie or TV series. Moreover, he could still capture a large number of fans. In the future, countless albums recorded by handsome men and beautiful women were almost edited to have an electronic flavor, but they could still be popular all over the country. That was because this was a world where looks mattered, especially in the entertainment industry.

Ye Tianming was convinced. Li Mu's song was really ecstatic. He even envied Zhang Kexuan from the bottom of his heart for having such an opportunity and singing such a song. But on second thought, when he was in the band, he chose to be the drummer. At this time, he could be envious, but he must not lose his mind.

At the same time, Ye Tianming also felt that with Li Mu's song, it would be worth it even if he personally smashed the car for him.

The four members of the Simple Band learned the song "Old Boys". Li Mu also roughly told the four about the positioning of the arrangement, so that this song would be more suitable for the style of Simple Project.

Li Mu said that he had too many chores at the moment, so he couldn't go to Jinling to supervise their rehearsal for the next two days. However, as Yi Ting would be online soon, Li Mu would take time to go to Jinling after finishing his busy work. On the one hand, he would guide them to rehearse the new song, and on the other hand, he would be the producer, watching them record the two songs "Li Bai" and "Sunflower".

After finishing the song, it was almost seven o 'clock. The four of them came out of Li Mu's house excitedly. They took Li Mu with them and went to the ecological park in Zhang Kexuan's Land Cruiser.

Song Liang was still the host. The four young masters came specially. Song Liang understood that it was a small matter for them to help Li Mu return the favor. They mainly came to support Li Mu. They were afraid that Li Mu was not important enough in front of him, so they came personally to let him know that the four of them valued Li Mu very much. Song Liang could not look down on him just because he asked him for help.

At the dinner table, except for Zhang Kexuan, who said that he would drive back and use tea instead of wine, the other three took turns to toast him with white wine. Before each toast, they would say thank you to Song Liang for helping their brother.

Song Liang sighed in his heart. With his eyesight, he would not look down on Li Mu even if the four of them didn't come personally. Song Liang's greatest ability to judge people was to look at potential instead of the present. In his eyes, Li Mu had unlimited potential, although he did not know what abilities Li Mu had.

Song Liang said, "Mu is your brother, so he is my brother. Although I am a few years older than you, we are all brothers. You are always so polite to me. Do you not treat me as a brother, or do you doubt my self-awareness?"

Ye Tianming hurriedly said, "Brother Liang, we have been together for so many years. How can we not know you?

The main thing is that you have not known Mu for long. We are also afraid that you two will be too polite to each other and appear estranged. "

Song Liang nodded and said, "So, the four of you came here specially for this matter. Isn't it too polite?"

Ye Tianming said with a smile, "In fact, we mainly came to thank Li Mu. Yesterday, we won first place in the semi-final, and Li Mu contributed the most."

Song Liang raised his eyebrows and looked amazed, "So, you are going to Yanjing to participate in the final?"

"Yes." The four of them nodded heavily.

Song Liang praised, "Great!

However, I am very curious about who wrote your songs. "

As soon as this question came out, the four of them looked at each other. Zhang Kexuan said in an ambiguous manner, "Our original works are all co-written."

Song Liang smiled slightly and did not ask any more questions. However, he felt that the four of them were a little unnatural on this question.

Li Mu also saw the performance of the four of them. This was not good. If they really faced an interview in the future, the reporters would definitely ask some songs that they were interested in and who wrote the lyrics and songs. If the four of them were so vague, then they would be exposed.

However, Li Mu did not mention this question at the dinner table. He knew the purpose of the four of them coming this time. At the dinner table, he also saw that they spared no effort in front of Song Liang. He did not say much polite words, but just toasted each of them.

Because the song "Old Boys" was in their minds, the four of them could not wait to leave after the meal. Song Liang did not ask them to stay. He directly asked the hotel manager to pay the bill, and then accompanied the five of them downstairs.

When they reached the parking lot downstairs, Ye Tianming said to Li Mu, "Are you going back in Brother Liang's car or should we send you back?"

Li Mu whispered, "I will go with you. I have something to tell you."

"Okay." Ye Tianming nodded.

Li Mu said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, I will go with Tianming and the others. We have something to discuss."

Song Liang smiled and said, "Okay, then I won't send you off. Come and play with me when you have time. And the four of you, come to Haizhou often when you have time."

…

On the way back, Li Mu, who was sitting in the passenger seat, said to the four of them, "In the future, there must be a clear candidate for the songwriters. This will be taken out to the media and fans in the future."

The four of them were a little embarrassed on this issue. The songwriters were all Li Mu. They could get over the psychological barrier if they collectively admitted it. However, no one was embarrassed to stand out.

Li Mu thought for a moment. Before he got home, he gave the four of them a very fair solution.

"In this way, Kexuan has the most opportunities to show his face, so you won't have too many opportunities to compose. In addition, you give people the feeling that you are sloppy, cool and handsome, so the songwriting of 'Li Bai' will be given to you as an exception."

"Tianming, you are the drummer. It is not easy for you to show your face or attract attention when you go on stage. Therefore, in terms of the importance of composing, you must be appropriately inclined. When the time comes, we will announce that you are the creative soul of the band."

"Gu Wei is the bassist. Generally, the audience does not understand the definition of a bassist. They will even confuse the bass with the guitar. Therefore, you will 'share' part of the songwriting. When it is necessary, you will be declared as the second composer."

"Xia Ji, you are the lead guitarist. You play solo and stand in front, so you have more opportunities to show your face. In terms of composing, you will shoulder the 'arrangement' of the band."

In this way, the four people's "creative" division of labor was completed.

Li Mu so generously gave the names of the songwriters to the four people of the simple plan. This move moved the four of them so much that they could circle the earth fifteen or sixteen times …

— —