Chapter 295

Happy Farm was the key product that Li Mu was going to use to achieve great things with little effort. He still wanted to use it to lay out the future field of instant messaging software. No matter how high the price was, it was impossible for him to authorize this game to any company. However, at the moment, the industry insiders only saw the popularity of this game. They had yet to see the true value of this game.

Even the current leader of the instant messaging software market, Teng Xun, did not realize what impact this game would have on their core business. After understanding and studying Happy Farm, they only saw one thing pessimistically: Q Bar was basically done for.

In the internal meeting that Boss Ma personally convened, everyone worshipped the newly launched personal space and Happy Farm for half an hour.

The so-called worshipping was that everyone was saying how awesome and incredible these two products were. They were practically dozens of streets ahead of Q Bar. Since Q Bar itself stole the idea of Tieba, Tieba could be said to be in a completely different world from Q Bar in terms of products. Q Bar was grabbed by the collar by Tieba and slapped twice in the face in front of the people of the country. It knelt on the ground twice, but it was firmly trampled on by the masses of netizens. The public opinion on the internet was completely one-sided. No one sympathized with Q Bar. Instead, they were cursing that it deserved to die.

Under such circumstances, Boss Ma could only acquiesce to this group of people at the conference table boosting the morale of others and diminishing his own prestige because his prestige had long been extinguished.

Suddenly, a product manager's eyes lit up. He said, "I feel that these two products, personal space and Happy Farm, are more suitable to be embedded in our products. If QQ has these two products, the user stickiness will be unimaginable!"

His words woke everyone up from their dreams.

Sometimes, when the shock came too suddenly, it would slow down the speed of the brains of the National People's Congress. Obviously, a large group of people at the conference table played Happy Farm until the latter half of the night. Their thinking speed was obviously much slower than usual in today's meeting.

It was all because of the product manager's words that everyone instantly switched from worshipping Tieba to a normal state. After carefully thinking about the genes and attributes of these two products, everyone had to admit that these two products were naturally built for online social interaction.

What is online social networking?

Social networking was about networking, communication, interaction, and presentation. Whether it was the PC version or the future mobile version of the Internet, online social networking would always be inseparable from these four core points. Of course, things like dating Pao were considered offline extensions of online social networking, so they could not be considered as online social networking concerns.

Connections naturally referred to good friends. Users needed to easily include all their social connections in their social networking products, regardless of whether they were friends in real life or online. QQ had an absolute advantage in this aspect. Tieba was using Happy Farm to catch up.

Communication was instant messaging. Be it voice or text, they all belonged to the category of communication. In this aspect, QQ was also at the top of the domestic market. Tieba had almost no foundation, and the internal messaging system could not be considered real instant messaging. However, Li Mu was secretly developing YY.

The above two points were the core competitive advantages of QQ. However, they had not yet realized the importance of the last two points, which were interaction and presentation.

Interaction and communication seemed to be very similar, but there was a big difference. Communication was in language, while interaction was in behavior, and the scope of interaction was too large. For example, if it was simple, it would be like users looking at each other's information and homepage. If it was more in-depth, it would be like users leaving messages and likes for each other. If it was more in-depth, it would be like users in games like Happy Farm. Currently, QQ had no foundation in this aspect.

As for presentation, it was the users showing all sorts of things they wanted to show to others. Personal space's photo album, diary, talk, etc., all had this function. In the future, the pinnacle of presentation would be WeChat Moments. Tieba's personal space was considered a prototype, but QQ still had not started.

Networking, communication, interaction, and presentation. QQ occupied the first two points, and the last two were zero. Tieba occupied the last two points. The "networking" was catching up, and the "communication" was secretly brewing. From the looks of it, in the competition of the instant messaging market, Li Mu's wooden bucket was more complete than QQ. QQ just did not realize its shortcomings, but once he brought up the importance of interaction and presentation in the future, QQ's shortcomings would immediately be exposed.

A Deputy General Manager sighed. "As expected. Think about it. If these two products were ours, it would increase our users' stickiness a lot!

This is unimaginable!

But in the hands of Tieba, these two products were not as good. How could the development potential of the community compare to social networking? Personal space and Happy Farm were really a waste of God's given to them!

“

Other people with keen senses had also begun to realize the significance of these two new products in Tieba. After being reminded by the Deputy General Manager, they also felt that Tieba could not fully excavate the core value of these two products.

However, they did not realize that Li Mu's Tieba was not the core of Makino Technology at all. His real development core was social networking.

This kind of psychological feeling was very interesting. It was like a robber with a knife suddenly seeing a hunter with a gun. The robber naturally felt that the direction he was engaged in was more profitable than the hunter, and the development potential and space were much greater. However, he did not have a good weapon in his hand, so he could only fight the world with a knife. However, a hunter who immersed himself in hunting was not a profession that could make much money. Yet, with a gun in hand, the robber would feel that the gun was a waste of resources for the hunter, and that he could make the best use of the gun in his hand.

However, the robber did not know that the hunter in his eyes, who was armed with a gun, also had the heart of a robber. Moreover, this hunter was determined to be the number one among the robbers!

However, once Teng Xun's team had their eyes on the Hunter's gun, they couldn't control themselves anymore. Everyone expressed their opinions at the meeting table, and someone suggested that they start with Happy Farm. Of course, they had to change the name. Since they wanted to embed it into QQ, it was only logical to call it QQ Farm.

Someone else said that if they copied Happy Farm now, wouldn't that be asking for trouble?

How many days had passed since the incident at Q Bar?

Someone else suggested that they should make a personal space first.

This model was very general. If they changed it a little and made a QQ Space, they should not be scolded.

Someone else suggested that they should just make a QQ Fishery. Tieba farming, we raise fish, you play, I play. That way, they could not say that they were plagiarizing, right?

At most, they would just be inspired by them.

After a moment of silence, Boss Ma's eyes lit up. "Alright, QQ Fishery. Let's start the project today. The product development department will come up with the game framework and the relevant technical personnel requirements. Pass the requirements to the human resources department. Start hiring immediately and get them to the positions as soon as possible. This matter should be done sooner rather than later!"

…

After being bombarded by a round of phone calls in the afternoon, Li Mu simply turned off his phone for a few hours. He only turned it back on at six o 'clock. He did not expect a large number of messages to flood into his phone the moment he turned it on. Even his phone's notification tone was seriously lagging.

Just as Li Mu read a few messages, another call immediately came in. When he saw that it was an unknown number, he casually pressed it. Unexpectedly, the other party called again. Li Mu pressed it again, and the other party called again. The perseverance gave Li Mu a headache. He had no choice but to answer. "Hello, who is this?"

“

"Is this Li Mu?"

"That's me. Who are you?"

"Haha, hello, Li Mu. I'm Xu Jiahua. It's not easy to contact you. I've been calling you all afternoon."

Xu Jiahua immediately felt threatened when he heard about the new move of Makino Technology in the afternoon. The rise of Makino Technology was really too fast. He was afraid that Hui Ka Ming would really cooperate with Li Mu. In that case, Hui Ka Ming would become his biggest threat.

When Li Mu heard that it was him, he could not help but feel a little disgusted. He asked coldly, "What's the matter?"

Xu Jiahua said with a smile, "I just want to treat you to a meal and apologize for what happened before. In addition, I have a large sum of money in my hands recently. We can talk about whether there is any business that we can cooperate with."

“

Li Mu did not want to have anything to do with Xu Jiahua, so he said directly, "I'm sorry, I don't have time recently. Also, I don't think there is anything for us to cooperate with."

Xu Jiahua did not get angry. Instead, he hurriedly said, "We'll know if there is a chance to cooperate after we talk. I don't dare to promise anything else, but if you need investment, I can give you a 20% premium based on the industry valuation. What do you think?"

Li Mu said lightly, "Thank you for your kindness, but it's not necessary."

After that, he did not give him a chance to speak. He said again, "I'm sorry, I'm a little busy now. I'll hang up first."

Li Mu hung up the phone. Immediately after, another unknown number called. He was really annoyed, so he hung up and prepared to turn off his phone for a while. Before he turned off his phone, he called his mother.

First, he asked about the recent situation at home. Li Ma said that the business of the two stores at home had been very good recently. The weather was cold, and it was the New Year's Day holiday. Therefore, the clothing business had reached the most profitable time of the year.

Li Mu told her and his father not to work too hard, but Li Ma said, "Your father and I have been looking for a store recently. We want to open another store."

Li Mu was stunned. "Mom, what are you going to do?

Are you too busy to run two stores? "

Li Ma said very seriously, "Now the clothing business is good, and the spending power of our Haizhou people has also increased. If we open one more store, we can make more money."

Li Mu was convinced. He said to Li Ma, "You and Dad don't open any more stores. I've been doing something here. Now it seems that the situation is quite good. It's enough for us to live a comfortable life."

“

Li Ma said, "The most important thing for you now is to focus on your studies. Don't always think about making money. Mom and Dad are now running two stores, and they can make millions a year. You should study hard. Don't delay your studies to make some money."

“

Li Mu awkwardly repeated the two words from his mother's mouth: "Little money … She actually said that your son makes little money."