Chapter 1101

Ever since he got rid of the Taobao sellers from Taobao, Li Mu deliberately leaked the contact information of these sellers. Unsurprisingly, these sellers were all taken in by Boss Ma. Now, they had become the mainstay of Le Tao.

Le Tao's platform revenue had been increasing, and the number of orders had been rising. Not only had it revitalized Le Tao, but it had also allowed Le Tao to flourish.

When Li Mu was in the United States, he did not have time to deal with Le Tao. Hence, Boss Ma felt that he had seized a great opportunity. Now, he was spending at least 18 hours a day on Le Tao.

During the period when Le Tao was gone, Taobao did not do anything to Le Tao, because Cult Leader Lei was not aggressive enough. He was a talent in operation and management, but his aggressiveness and wolfishness were slightly lacking. For the time being, he was not suitable to be used on the battlefield.

However, during this period, Li Mu really didn't want to deal with Le Tao. In the free market, it was almost impossible for him to completely kill Le Tao. Only policies and laws could really kill him. Therefore, Li Mu was also happy to let Le Tao accumulate more original sins. In this way, when he needed to settle the score in the future, he would have a greater chance of being killed.

Today was the first time he appeared in front of the media after disappearing for a few days. From the number of people in the media, it could be seen how much importance the media placed on his appearance. Using this opportunity, he could bring up the topic of cleaning up the e-commerce industry. He would definitely be able to get to the higher-ups through the media.

Li Mu thought that he had been making this request for a long time, but there was still no clear result. If he did not put in more effort, and the higher-ups did not want to deal with this matter, Boss Ma would be like a fish in water. Give him a year or two, and he could use Le Tao to accumulate enough users. Then, he could start thinking about turning around. Once he turned around and cleared his name, no one would be able to do anything to him.

For the current Li Mu, he did not want to monopolize the Hua Xia e-commerce industry. He just wanted to achieve his goal of cracking down on online counterfeits. Apart from that, he had another obsession. He wanted to kick Boss Ma out of the retail e-commerce industry. Whether it was B2C or C2C, he would not be able to touch it!

If he still wanted to do e-commerce, he would do B2B.

After throwing out this small topic in front of the media, Li Mu changed the topic. He smiled and said, "Let's continue talking about this automatic sorting system."

As he spoke, Li Mu pointed at the automatic sorting system and continued, "The reason why Taobao Logistics invested so much money to order such expensive equipment is mainly because we firmly believe that automation is the future of the express delivery industry. A high degree of automation can greatly reduce our manpower and operating costs, improve our work efficiency, and reduce the error rate. At the same time, it is also for the vast number of netizens to have cheaper, faster, and safer express delivery services when they shop online on Taobao. Therefore, we firmly believe that Taobao Logistics will not only become the first-class express delivery company in the country, but also the engine of Hua Xia's e-commerce industry."

After saying what needed to be said and introduced what needed to be introduced, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong exchanged glances. Then, Liu Shixiong began to arrange for the staff who had received Berman system training to come to the operating table and other positions.

Seeing that the staff who operated the automatic sorting system were all here, Li Mu simply clapped his hands and said to the media reporters, "Now, I am honored to announce the official launch of Taobao Logistics' first automatic sorting system!"

As soon as he finished speaking, there was applause. At this time, the staff in charge of the main control officially started the set of automatic sorting equipment worth 20 to 30 million yuan. With the roar of the electric engine accelerating and rotating, all the conveyor belts immediately started, gradually getting faster and faster.

On the other side, a large number of express parcels began to be sent from the source to the sorting machine, and then they were quickly and orderly sorted out. The efficiency was so high that it was amazing.

At present, Taobao Logistics itself was already the most popular logistics company in China. This was not only because of the advantage of Taobao Logistics in terms of efficiency, but more importantly, it was because of Taobao's unusually powerful logistics information processing system.

Every express delivery, from the receiving office to the business hall, from the business hall to the distribution center, from the distribution center to another distribution center, step by step, and finally to the courier's dispatch, all the information in the middle was displayed in real time. Users could check the status of their express delivery at any time. In theory, the delay was no more than five seconds.

Under normal circumstances, after a express delivery arrived at one of the nodes, as long as the scanner gun scanned the express delivery itself or the parcel where the express delivery itself was located, the information would immediately be uploaded to the server. After the server confirmed it, the user could check it. The overall efficiency was so high that no express delivery company could imagine it.

Now, with such automatic sorting equipment, the stopping time of express consignments at the distribution center could be greatly reduced. In the future, it would not be a problem for most cities in the country to reach within two days by land and one day by air. Li Mu could achieve the speed of Feng Feng in 2013 in 2003.

The image of the automatic sorting system operating at high speed and efficiency also excited most of the domestic media reporters. After all, it was the most advanced automatic sorting system in the country. This set of equipment was still very novel and high-end for the reporters. This kind of image was also very suitable for media reports.

At this time, Li Mu had already returned to his temporary office with Liu Shixiong. The media reporters outside would all be handed over to other staff members. They would be given half an hour of free time to film, and then each of them would be given a considerable amount of transportation fees and sent off.

As soon as the two of them sat down in the office, Liu Shixiong couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "After this report, when do you think the higher-ups will give us feedback on the e-commerce sales legislation?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The higher-ups definitely won't give us any direct feedback. At most, they will hold a meeting to discuss my previous request. If they really think that this legislation is necessary, then they will probably directly introduce a management method."

Liu Shixiong nodded, smacked his lips and said, "Le Tao is developing very fast!

I heard two days ago that Le Tao sent a few business representatives to Pu Tian to investigate. It seems that they want to secretly pull some strings for a group of Le Tao merchants to settle the low-price supply. "

"Pu Tian?" Li Mu frowned. "Isn't that the hometown of the traveling doctors?"

"Yes."

Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "In addition to traveling doctors, they also produce imitation shoes. It is the largest imitation shoe manufacturer in the country."

Only then did Li Mu remember that Pu Tian was indeed a big shoe manufacturer, and the production of imitation shoes was also very high. He immediately blurted out, "You mean that Le Tao officials will go to Pu Tian's imitation manufacturers to talk about cooperation and get goods for Le Tao merchants?"

"Yes."

Liu Shixiong said, "Now Le Tao's imitation products are selling very well. Some fake Nike shoes can sell thousands of pairs in a month. But most of these buyers are also willing to buy them. A small number of them are cheated with a greedy mentality."

Li Mu nodded and sighed. "This situation is the scariest. The counterfeiters have no awareness of the law, and the sellers have no awareness of the law. The buyers know that it is fake, but they will still buy it for various purposes. The whole industry chain has formed a complete production, sales, and purchase chain. If this continues, there will be more and more counterfeiters, and there will be more and more sellers. In the end, most of the goods on the market will be fake, and the ordinary consumers will be cheated."

Liu Shixiong said, "According to what you said, although it is difficult to manage the counterfeiting workshops and stores, there is nowhere to hide online. Every transaction and every package is a clear and controllable complete chain. If the higher-ups come up with laws and regulations to crack down on e-commerce, websites like Le Tao won't be able to survive."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "It depends on the effect of this indirect message!

If it can reach the ears of the higher-ups, then let the higher-ups make the decision. "

As the two of them were chatting, Chen Wan sent a message to Li Mu. The message said, "Rascal, when will you find time for me to give you a brief interview?

The station's higher-ups know that you did not arrange for reporters to answer questions, so they kept calling me. They said that even if they could interview you privately, it would be a great contribution to the station. "

Li Mu had an idea and hurriedly replied, "Tell your station's higher-ups that I don't have time for an interview today. If they want to interview me, they can do it tomorrow at 8 PM."

Chen Wan's message came back quickly. "Tomorrow at 8 PM?

Then I can't interview you!

It's not like you don't know that I will be leaving early tomorrow morning. The station still needs to wait for me to return to the studio … "

Li Mu: "So, let your higher-ups choose. If they want to interview me, then they can keep you until tomorrow at 8 PM."

"Rascal, you are torturing me to death!

I will fly back tomorrow morning, and I still need to rush to the studio in the afternoon. Also, if I interview you at 8 PM, it will be 8: 30 PM no matter how fast it ends. I have to rush to the airport from here, and it will take at least half an hour. What time do you want me to fly back?

It can't be 10 PM or even later, right? "

Li Mu was helpless. "You're not free?

If you have an interview tomorrow night, then you naturally have a reason not to go back tomorrow. Can't you just accompany me for one more day and come back the day after tomorrow morning? "

At this time, Chen Wan was holding her phone in a daze outside the factory. She understood the latter part of the message that Li Mu had just sent, but she did not understand the first part.

What did he mean by not free?

What was Li Mu trying to say?

Thus, Chen Wan's fingers flew across the keyboard. "I definitely won't make it the day after tomorrow. I can't let the entire production team wait for me alone!

If I leave the day after tomorrow morning, I will only be able to enter the studio in the afternoon. It's really not suitable for the entire production team to wait for me alone … Oh right, what does' not free 'mean? "

Li Mu sighed in his heart and replied with his fingertips. "Are you stupid?!

You're going back one day late because of work. What's wrong with that?

Let your station head choose. Either you stay here and wait to interview me tomorrow and push back your recording work by a day, or you don't have to interview me and go back tomorrow morning. It won't affect your recording in the studio. "

Only then did Chen Wan understand that the meaning of 'not at ease' was' are you stupid '. Understanding this, she couldn't help but laugh out loud. Why was this guy so interesting?

Thinking about it carefully, Li Mu's idea was quite suitable. Of course, she wanted to stay and accompany Li Mu for one more day. But if she took the initiative to ask the production team to wait for another day, she definitely wouldn't be able to say it. She would also feel bad about it. It was better to let the leader make the decision. If the leader decided to let her stay for one more day, then everyone was doing it for work. The production team would definitely be willing to wait for another day.

Thinking of this, she couldn't help but sigh that Li Mu was really cunning. He could even think of such an idea. But thinking about it again, wasn't Li Mu thinking of this idea so that he could spend more time with her?

Thus, she was elated and replied, "Alright, I'll ask the leader what he thinks and let him decide."

…