Chapter 412

Ever since Liu Shixiong sold his property in Zhongguancun, Gong Xiaojing immediately began to prepare for the national examination in the second half of this year.

Originally, after she graduated from her master's degree, she could directly use her family's connections to work in the ministry as a transfer student. However, for the sake of Liu Shixiong's entrepreneurial dream, she went to Zhongguancun with Liu Shixiong to start a business. Now that all the properties in Zhongguancun had changed hands, and with Li Mu's promise, Liu Shixiong was relieved to leave and listen to her family's instructions to start planning to enter the ministry again.

However, the opportunity to be a transfer student was only available to fresh graduates, so now she could only pass the national examination.

Gong Xiaojing and Liu Shixiong were very close now, but the two of them hadn't officially lived together yet. Most of the time, Gong Xiaojing lived in her home in Yanjing with her parents.

Liu Shixiong was very excited when he received Li Mu's call. Li Mu had an appointment with him that night, so he immediately called Gong Xiaojing. Gong Xiaojing was reading a book. When she heard Liu Shixiong say that Li Mu wanted to meet him and talk about the specific matters, she shouted excitedly in the study, "That's great!"

Then, she closed the book and said, "I'll go with you!"

Liu Shixiong said with a smile, "That's what I mean. Li Mu also said to call you."

Gong Xiaojing asked happily, "What time did you meet?"

"Eight o 'clock, at a Sichuan restaurant near the National People's Congress."

"Okay, drive to my house to pick me up at seven o 'clock!"

“OK！”

After hanging up the phone, Gong Xiaojing looked at the time. It was almost six o 'clock, so she left the study and hurried back to her room to put on makeup and change clothes.

Her mother was cooking in the kitchen. When she heard the noise, she poked her head out and asked, "What's the hurry?"

Gong Xiaojing said, "Mom, I won't be eating at home tonight. Later, Feng Yidong will pick me up, and we'll go out to eat."

Gong Xiaojing said, "Don't always go out to eat. It's not hygienic. Why don't you ask Feng Yidong to eat at home? Your dad and brother should be home soon."

Gong Xiaojing hurriedly said, "We're not going out to eat. It's Feng Yidong's junior brother, Li Mu, looking for him and saying that we want to talk about cooperation."

"Li Mu." Gong Xiaojing asked, "Is he the Li Mu?"

"Li Mu?"

Gong Xiaojing said, "His Muye Technology is now valued at more than a billion yuan. He's a very powerful young man. He gets along well with Ma Yingdong and wants to do something with Ma Yingdong. Didn't he tell you before the New Year?"

Gong said, "I of of. of of of of of, I Li Li. Yi, Yang, and, Li, Li, Yang, Li, I, Li, I, I, of Liu, Li, of Feng, Yang, Gong, Xiao Li Gong of, Li," my.

At this moment, the door opened. Gong Xiaojing's father and brother opened the door and entered the house.

Gong Xiaojing's brother, Gong Xiaolong, had been married for several years. His son was already in primary school. However, these few days, his wife had taken their child to participate in an education-themed family trip organized by the school, so Gong Xiaolong had been home for dinner every day.

It just so happened that both father and son worked in the ministry, but they were not in the same ministry. The old man's rank was relatively high, so he had a car to take him to and from work. Gong Xiaojing's brother hitched a ride home with him.

As soon as the two entered the house, Father Gong raised his nose and said to his son, "Yo, son, your mom is stewing fish today!"

Gong Xiaojing's brother, Gong Xiaolong, said with a smile, "Stewed rainbow trout is your favorite. That's for sure."

Mother Gong said with a smile, "You two have better noses than dogs. Hurry up and wash your hands. We'll be eating later."

Father Gong nodded. Seeing Gong Xiaojing at the kitchen door, he asked with a smile, "Xiaojing, how's your reading today?"

Gong Xiaojing smiled and said, "Dad, I'm already in my twenties. Do you still have to check on my homework when I'm reading?"

Father Gong laughed and said, "I'm urging you to study hard. I'm afraid that you've neglected your studies too much in the past two years and won't be able to pass the national examination."

Gong Xiaojing curled her lips and said, "Don't worry about that. I'm confident."

Then, Gong Xiaojing said, "Dad, you and Brother can accompany Mom to eat at home. I'm going out to eat."

"Why?

It's already time for dinner, and you're still going out? "

Gong Xiaojing said, "I'll accompany Ma Yingdong to see Li Mu. This afternoon, Li Mu came to look for Ma Yingdong. He said that the thing he planned is about to be carried out."

"Oh?"

Father Gong narrowed his eyes and asked with a hint of surprise, "The thing they planned is about to be carried out?"

"I think so."

Gong Xiaojing said, "Ma Yingdong has been preparing for a long time. During this period of time, he hasn't done anything all day except reading books and researching e-commerce."

Father Gong nodded approvingly. "Good, very good. No matter what, Ma Yingdong is a top student who graduated from the National People's Congress. It's fine if he doesn't want to enter the government and wants to go into business, but at least he has to have a good background. Li Mu is not simple. It's a great opportunity for Ma Yingdong to get in touch with him."

When Gong Xiaojing heard her father's approval of Liu Xiaodong, she felt very happy. She hadn't even started working with Li Mu, but her father's opinion of him had already greatly improved. If Liu Xiaodong and Li Mu's matter really succeeded in the future, then there would be no more obstacles between them.

Gong Xiaojing said happily, "Dad, I'll tell you in detail later. I'll go upstairs to clean up and change my clothes first."

"Go ahead."

Father Gong nodded. Seeing that Gong Xiaojing was about to turn around and leave, he suddenly stopped her and said, "By the way, ask Ma Yingdong to come to our house for a meal some other day."

Gong Xiaojing's eyes widened. After a while, she reacted and said excitedly, "Okay, I'll tell him when I see him!"

Mother Gong had taken the initiative to mention it a few times and asked Liu Xiaodong to come to their house for a meal, but this was the first time Father Gong had said it. This improvement was too great.

Gong Xiaojing went upstairs happily like a young girl. She put on makeup, changed her clothes, and dressed up carefully. When she came out, her parents and brother had already eaten and were still chatting at the dining table.

Seeing Gong Xiaojing go downstairs, her brother, Gong Xiaolong, said, "Xiaojing, is there any news about Ma Yingdong?"

Gong Xiaojing said with a smile, "We're just about to meet. There should be news."

Gong Xiaolong said with a smile, "Tell Ma Yingdong to work hard. Maybe one day when I don't want to work in the unit anymore, I'll work for him!"

"Brother, don't joke about Ma Yingdong!" Although Gong Xiaojing knew that her brother was teasing her, she still felt as if she had eaten honey.

Just as they were talking, her phone rang. Liu Xiaodong had arrived.

Gong Xiaojing said to her family, "Dad, Mom, Brother, I'm going downstairs. Ma Yingdong is almost here. I won't let him come up today. He isn't prepared."

"Okay." Father Gong nodded. "Go ahead. Don't forget to ask him to come over for dinner."

Gong Xiaojing happily agreed and jogged out the door.

After Gong Xiaojing left, Mother Gong asked her husband, "Old Gong, is it reliable that Ma Yingdong and that Li Mu are doing it together?"

Father Gong shrugged and said with a smile, "I'm not sure what they're up to, but Li Mu is really amazing. Since it's a project led by him, I think it's very reliable."

Mother Gong looked curious. "You always say that this Li Mu is very amazing. How amazing is he?"

Father Gong stretched out two index fingers and gestured a ten. He said, "This young man isn't even twenty years old, but his net worth is more than a billion yuan. Furthermore, it's all because of his own efforts."

…

The first thing Gong Xiaojing said when she got into Liu Yingdong's car was, "Ma Yingdong, my dad just said that you should take some time to come over for dinner."

Liu Yingdong habitually put on the first gear, released the handbrake, and was about to start. When he heard this, he didn't even control the clutch well. He lifted the car too fast and the engine suddenly stalled.

Liu Yingdong didn't even realize that the engine had stalled. He looked at Gong Xiaojing in surprise and asked her, "Did your dad really say that?"

Gong Xiaojing nodded. "Yes, he just said it. He said it two or three times."

Liu Yingdong hurriedly asked, "Is it his own idea or your mother's?"

Gong Xiaojing said, "Before my dad came home, my mother said it. After my dad came back, he also took the initiative to mention it. The two of them coincidentally agreed."

Liu Yingdong said excitedly, "Oh, what's wrong with my future father-in-law today? He's never taken the initiative to invite me to his house for dinner before!"

Gong Xiaojing smiled and said, "You're dreaming. Ever since we transferred the shop, my dad's attitude towards you has been much better. You have to thank Li Mu. If it weren't for him, you would probably still be looking after the shop in Zhongguancun."

Liu Yingdong nodded repeatedly. "That's right. Aren't we going to meet him now to discuss the details?"

After saying that, he stepped on the accelerator and said in surprise, "Why is this stupid car not moving?"

Gong Xiaojing smiled helplessly and said, "Didn't you know that the engine just stalled?"

"Stalled?" Liu Yingdong looked at the tachometer in surprise. As expected, it had reached zero.

He smiled awkwardly and didn't take off the gear. He directly stepped on the clutch and started the car again. This time, he started the car very skillfully and went straight to the restaurant that he and Li Mu had arranged.

On the way, Gong Xiaojing said to Liu Yingdong, "If Li Mu gives a rough time today, you can rush him a little more in the future. Don't be shy, it's best to speed up the pace. Otherwise, if he's too busy, he won't be able to take care of things here."

Liu Yingdong said as he drove, "I got it. Don't worry. If he's really going to start today, I'll think of a way to rush him to speed up the process."

Gong Xiaojing nodded and said, "There are some details that have to be discussed with him. When we're doing business together, we have to talk about the details first. When we sign the agreement, we have to show it, especially the shares. We can't accept someone else holding the shares. When we register the company, you have to register the shares with the Industrial and Commercial Bureau, just in case there are any changes in the future."

Liu Yingdong said, "Last time, Li Mu said that I'll contribute 10% of the capital and 20% of the shares. The extra 10% is his management shares. I don't think he'll be so happy to give me the extra 10% when we register the company. Normally, management shares and technical shares are considered options. If you want to get them, there are conditions and a time limit."