Chapter 1707

When Coca-Cola received Li Mu's reply, it was shocked by Li Mu's request.

Li Mu's written request was: Coca-Cola can be the first company in the beverage industry to use the panda bear logo, but it must ensure that at least half of the products produced by each of its beverage production lines have the panda bear logo printed on it.

If Coca-Cola is willing to accept this condition, Makino Technology will guarantee that Coca-Cola will be the exclusive brand in the industry for at least three months. At the same time, Makino Technology will consider using the panda bear to create an exclusive brand image. For example, the panda bear will wear Coca-Cola clothing and hold Coca-Cola products.

Coca-Cola is very interested in this cooperation, especially the three months of exclusivity. To Coca-Cola, this is a good opportunity to increase exposure, popularity, and sales.

But the only thing they are worried about is that Li Mu's appetite is too big.

Every second, Coca-Cola's products are sold more than 10,000 bottles (cans) worldwide. 86,000 seconds a day, and more than 1 billion bottles (cans) a day. A year's sales will be around 400 billion bottles (cans).

Li Mu wants at least half of its products to have the panda bear logo printed on them. This means that the panda bear will be displayed more than 200 billion times on Coca-Cola's products!

Although Coca-Cola wants the copyright, they do not want to distribute their products globally. After all, there are still many undeveloped areas where users might not know what the panda bear is. Even if they know, they might not like it.

So, Coca-Cola immediately replied and requested to reduce the percentage to 20%.

Li Ziwei told Li Mu about Coca-Cola's reply, and Li Mu was furious.

"I opened the back door for them on the basis of our previous cooperation, and they still want to bargain with me?"

Li Ziwei said helplessly, "Maybe 20% is too much for them. Don't forget that Coca-Cola has a lot of local celebrities endorsing their products. If our panda bear takes up 20% of their products' packaging, their marketing will be affected."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Many companies are under your control. Just show them some respect, and they will go to heaven."

Then, Li Mu said, "Ziwei, reply to them. Just reply to what I say. Don't make any changes."

"Okay." Li Ziwei took out a pen and paper. "Li Zong, go ahead."

Li Mu said, "First of all, the reason why you replied to Coca-Cola so quickly is because we have cooperated before. Otherwise, Coca-Cola would have to submit applications and wait for approval like other companies. So, I hope that your company will cherish this friendship."

"Secondly, my offer will not be changed in any way. If you don't accept it, I will send the same offer to Pepsi because they have also submitted an application to us."

"Finally, you bunch of idiots still want to bargain with me. My panda bear's exposure is already very high, with an average daily exposure of more than 10 billion. I don't lack the one or two hundred billion exposure that you guys have in a year. Your exposure is just exposure to me, and my exposure means an increase in sales for you guys. If you can't even understand this, then don't talk anymore."

"Also, my request has been raised from 30% to 60%. Please think about it and reply within three hours. If you don't reply by then, it will be considered as giving up on the cooperation."

Li Ziwei nodded. "Li Zong, I've memorized it. Do you want me to repeat it to you?"

Li Mu said, "No need. Just reply to them. Remember to use Chinese."

"Okay."

In Li Mu's opinion, the panda bear was now a global sensation, and its exposure rate was too high. Not only was it covered by the media, but the most impressive thing was that users were using its emoji package every day, and more than once.

Even if it was a celebrity, it was impossible to guarantee a few or dozens of exposure a day. However, a panda bear could do it.

According to Makino Technology's internal data analysis, users received the panda bear emojis more than 30 times in an hour.

It could be a chat with friends or a group chat. In short, users used the panda bear emojis very frequently, so the frequency of seeing the panda bear was even higher. Not only would they see it when they used it, but they would also see it when others sent it.

What's more, YY had not opened up custom GIF emojis. This meant that the panda bear had no competition at all.

What was even worse was that it was now impossible to directly send previewable GIF animations between users.

In other words, if a user made a GIF and wanted to use it as an emoji to send it to his YY friends or group chat, the only way to do so was through file transfer.

If the file transfer method was used, the other party would receive a notification that the other party had sent an F file. There was no way to see the GIF preview. To see the GIF, they had to first click accept and then wait for the file to be transferred before opening it.

It was impossible for any GIF to become popular with such a cumbersome method.

This ensured that the Panda Bear would have a high exposure rate among users.

That was why Li Mu said that the panda bear had 10 billion exposures a day. It was not an exaggeration at all. Instead, it was very conservative. Just on YY alone, the average number of exposures per hour was more than 30. There were about 200 million online users in the world every day, and the average time spent online was more than two hours. There were definitely more than 10 billion exposures a day, and this did not include the various exposures on Weibo, Twitter, and offline media.

In this case, the more popular the consumer product, the more suitable it was to use the panda bear image. It was enough to make a certain consumer product stand out from the countless others.

Asking Coca-Cola to print a panda bear on their products might seem to gain a lot of exposure, but what Coca-Cola gained was a real increase in sales. It was money!

Now, they felt that their feathers were more precious. If that was the case, then there was really no need to cooperate.

When the higher-ups of Coca-Cola received Li Ziwei's Chinese email, the first thing they did was to find a translator to translate the full text into English.

After reading the translated version, all the higher-ups were furious. "Li Mu dared to say that we are a bunch of idiots!

That d * mn, arrogant Hua Xia person! "

Other than cursing, all of them were stunned by the contents of Li Mu's email. Their faces were full of disbelief.

"Also, Li Mu said that the panda bear is exposed to tens of billions of times a day?

What bullsh * t, how is that possible?! "

One of the higher-ups was full of disbelief.

Some people agreed, but some people had different opinions.

"I think what Li Mu said is right. Let's put it this way, as long as I open YY, I will receive a bunch of panda bear emojis. Nowadays, when chatting with friends, greeting each other, they don't even need to type. It's all emojis. Just this alone, I can receive more than ten messages a day. In addition to the various emojis that are interspersed during the chatting process, I see at least ten times a day. And this doesn't include group chats. Sometimes, group chats are flooded with these emojis. Everyone seems to be using emojis to chat.

Many people fell silent.

If that was the case, then the panda bear's exposure was indeed shocking.

Someone said, "Damn, come to think of it, the number of times I see the panda bear every day is more than the number of times I see myself!

The number of times I can see myself in the mirror doesn't exceed ten times a day! "

Someone else said, "Oh my god, I thought about it carefully. That's really the case. The thing I see the most every day now is the panda bear. The image of that thing seems to be lingering in my mind …"

In the meeting room, an executive complained, "But Li Mu is too much. We just wanted to negotiate with him, and he immediately increased it from% to 60% …"

Another executive smiled bitterly and said, "This is Li Mu's style. Have you forgotten how Google is being toyed with by him?

If we continue to bargain with him, I think he will really stop negotiating with us and go straight to Pepsi. "

Another executive sighed. "But Li Mu's request is for a whole year. The panda bear is very popular now, but who can guarantee that it will still be popular in half a year or a year?

If it is only popular for a month, then won't we be in an awkward situation for the next eleven months? "

Someone retorted, "If it was another company's image, there is a possibility that it will decline after a month of popularity. But Li Mu has such a strong marketing force that he can guarantee such a strong exposure for the panda bear. Do we still need to worry about this?"

At this moment, a different voice sounded. "How do you know if Li Mu will continue to introduce resources to the panda bear?"

Just as everyone was expressing their opinions and getting into a heated discussion, a female executive with a particularly pleasant voice suddenly said, "Everyone, please quiet down and listen to me."

Everyone stopped arguing and looked at the beautiful executive.

She stroked her long blonde hair and looked at everyone. "Let me ask everyone a question first. Why did Li Mu introduce the panda bear?

I even heard that the panda bear was designed by Li Mu himself. Why did he design and promote this cartoon image? "

Someone replied, "I think it was designed for some tourist route?"

The beautiful executive nodded. "That's right. Li Mu designed the panda bear image for Hua Xia's Sichuan Province Panda Tour."

As she said that, she asked again, "Then I have another question. Why does Li Mu place so much importance on a tourism project that has no profit to speak of?"

Everyone looked at each other.

In fact, if they really dug into the reason, no one knew why Li Mu did this.

Makino Technology, Taobao, there were too many business lines that made a lot of money, but Li Mu had never invested so much in them.

Now, he actually went all out for a tourism product like Taobao. He did not even hesitate to gather Hua Xia and the tourism companies, airlines, and hotel groups from both sides for a summit. Moreover, he lowered the price of the product to the lowest. Not only was it operating at no profit, it might even be operating at a loss. Why?

At this moment, the beautiful executive said, "Don't forget that Li Mu is a patriotic businessman. He has been sparing no effort to promote Hua Xia all over the world and fight for more resources for Hua Xia's business. Now, he is putting in so much effort to promote Hua Xia's tourism in order to promote Hua Xia and improve Hua Xia's reputation and national image in the eyes of the people around the world. So, under this premise, do you still need to worry that Li Mu will stop introducing resources to the panda bear?"