Chapter 1589

Ferguson's mood was extremely gloomy for the past two days. Every day, he shut himself in his house, drinking day and night. He drank until dawn before he could fall asleep with the help of alcohol.

The British newspapers and news were full of reports about him. The countless negative news made him temporarily shut down all contact with the outside world. He did not read the newspapers, did not watch television, and did not let his family tell him any reports or news about him.

The legendary manager, who had been wildly pursued by British football before, had now become a stain on British football. The huge gap made him lose his fighting spirit and motivation in an instant. He only knew how to hide from reality through alcohol.

He had also found someone to ask if it was possible for the English Football Association's lifetime ban on him from coaching in the England football team to be revoked in the future. If it was possible, how long would it take.

The result of the inquiry was: "There are only two possibilities for revocation. First, Li Mu agrees. Second, Li Mu goes bankrupt."

Even if the English Football Association wanted to give Ferguson a way out, they did not have the guts to do so. If Li Mu indicated that he would not pursue Ferguson, then the English Football Association could find a suitable opportunity in the future to let Ferguson return to England to coach. If Li Mu did not make a statement, then he could only wait for him to go bankrupt because Li Mu's influence was too great and his offensive power was even greater. If he did not go bankrupt, the English Football Association would never dare to provoke him again.

This reply made Ferguson even more desperate.

It was probably impossible to expect Li Mu to go bankrupt, but getting Li Mu to agree was also as difficult as ascending to the sky.

It seemed that he could already give up England and go overseas to find suitable opportunities …

And George McMillan was worse off than him.

Li Mu's last stab gave him a fatal blow. It was not until that moment that he realized how terrible it was to annoy Li Mu.

Originally, the recording and exposure of racial discrimination could still be used as an unintentional mistake to clear his name. However, when Li Mu revealed the first time he humiliated him, the situation began to take a turn for the worse.

George McMillan always magnified a little mistake infinitely, and the McMillan family behind him was the same.

If he hadn't forcefully cleared his name and insisted that his racist remarks were unintentional, Li Mu wouldn't have bothered to argue with him.

However, it was obvious that there was a professional team behind George McMillan's apology video. On the surface, it was an apology, but in fact, it was a quibble. Since you choose not to admit it, don't blame me for being rude to you.

George McMillan's reputation in England was completely ruined by Li Mu's actions.

Even the entire McMillan family and the BBC were scolded badly.

Although racial discrimination was not common in Europe, it was not rare either. If it was exposed, they would stand up and apologize honestly, saying, "I'm sorry, I was wrong, and I won't do it again."

That was about it.

However, the most frightening thing was that the person who was not in the right mind would be stubborn. One moment, he would say that he didn't mean it, and the next moment, he would say that he didn't mean it, and that he didn't mean it. Such a person was annoying everywhere, not just in England.

The McMillan family was a big family, but they were not even willing to give a sincere apology, which greatly disappointed the British people. The image of the BBC helping the tyrant also had a considerable impact on their reputation.

Last night, the McMillan family had held a closed-door meeting to discuss the problem of George McMillan and the solution. As the person involved, George McMillan was not qualified to participate.

The closed-door meeting lasted until the early hours of the morning. When his father, William McMillan, finished the meeting and knocked on George McMillan's room with a dejected expression, George McMillan knew that things were not good.

"George, pack up. We'll go to America tomorrow to lie low."

Although William McMillan hated iron for not becoming steel, he still loved his son very much. At the family meeting just now, he had spoken until his mouth was dry, but he had not been able to help George regain his right to be the heir. He had long expected this result, but he had still tried his best.

George McMillan asked him, "Dad, how did your discussion with them go?"

William McMillan sighed and said, "From now on, the new heir of the McMillan family will be taken over by your younger brother, Frank McMillan. As for you, I won't ask anything of you in the future. As long as you don't cause any more trouble, you can do whatever you want."

George McMillan panicked. "Dad!

You can't let them abolish me just like that! "

William McMillan said expressionlessly, "Things are out of my control now. Not only did you cause trouble this time, but you also implicated the entire McMillan family. More importantly, your way of doing things has brought great insecurity to the other members of the family. Everyone is worried that if the power of the McMillan family is in your hands in the future, your way of doing things will drag the entire family into the abyss, so they want to abolish your identity as the heir. There were 11 people in the meeting, and 10 of them supported it. I was the only one who opposed it. Do you think I still have the ability to save it?"

When George McMillan thought about how he had lost the leadership of the entire family, he immediately hugged his head and cried in despair. The identity of the heir had brought him too much superiority. When this identity was suddenly taken away, he realized how serious the loss of his willful pretentiousness was.

He regretted it while hating the culprit behind it, Li Mu. However, neither of these feelings could solve his current predicament.

It was useless to regret. Hating Li Mu was even more meaningless. With his status, he could not even touch Li Mu.

William McMillan patted him on the shoulder and comforted him. "Go to the United States tomorrow. Go to Southern California to relax. There has been a lot of pressure in Britain recently. The United States can be relatively relaxed."

George McMillan nodded painfully. He had become a street rat and had to leave Britain as soon as possible.

…

Early the next morning.

George McMillan took off from London for California in his own private plane.

Manchester City's CEO, Alister, drove his car from the Manchester City club's training center to the Manchester United training center two kilometers away.

He was going to Manchester United again today to bring Cristiano Ronaldo back to Manchester City by triggering the penalty clause.

Today, when Alister came to the Manchester United CEO's office again, he found that Ferguson was not there. George McMillan was not there either. Manchester United, which had suffered two heavy penalties, was no longer as arrogant as it was at that time. CEO David Gill smiled along the entire time. His facial muscles were stiff from smiling.

This time, Alister's progress was very smooth.

He brought the legal and financial staff to skillfully complete the contract with Manchester United and paid Manchester United 25 million pounds.

Then, he successfully brought Cristiano Ronaldo out of Manchester United.

The young Cristiano sat in Alister's car and walked two kilometers to complete the second transfer of his career.

He felt that this might be the most recent transfer in the world.

He transferred from Manchester United to Manchester City, a distance that he wished he could travel with a single kick.

In the short ten days since he joined Manchester United, he had not had a chance to play for Manchester United. He originally had some regrets about it, but when he saw the news last night that Manchester United was given the most severe penalty in history by the English Football Association and suddenly became the target of the English Premier League, his regrets suddenly disappeared.

Fortunately, he did not play last night. Otherwise, it might have become a stain.

Immediately, the news of Cristiano Ronaldo's transfer to Manchester City became the headlines throughout the United Kingdom.

No one knew why Li Mu took a fancy to Cristiano Ronaldo. Many people were puzzled that Ferguson was willing to pay 12.24 million pounds for him, but Li Mu simply doubled the price.

The British did not understand what was so magical about this Portuguese kid that he could make Li Mu spend so much money to buy him and make Ferguson do not hesitate to violate the rules to keep him.

The young Cristiano Ronaldo felt tremendous pressure after arriving at Manchester City.

His pressure came from the fact that in order to bring him to Manchester City, Li Mu paid far more money than he was worth and invested a lot of energy. He even did not hesitate to go toe to toe with the entire Manchester United before he finally signed him. This made him suddenly receive the close attention of the entire football circle and even fans around the world. He was afraid that he would not play well enough in Manchester City in the future, and then disappoint Li Mu and even be criticized.

When the news reached China, the domestic media immediately reported on the news. The headline of the CCTV news was: "Li Mu signs Little Ronaldo at a high price. Can the Portuguese become a star of tomorrow?"

At present, Cristiano Ronaldo was not called Ronaldo in Hua Xia, but Little Ronaldo. The Hua Xia audience did not know much about him, and even many fans were a little unfamiliar with him. The reason why they called him Little Ronaldo was because he was another "Ronaldo" after Daluo and Ronaldo. According to the order of seniority, he was naturally Little Ronaldo.

The domestic public thought that Li Mu was crazy to buy an 18-year-old star player for 25 million pounds. Coupled with Li Mu's spending on youth training, it was simply a standard portrayal of the rich and capricious.

However, when Li Mu learned that Cristiano Ronaldo had completed his transfer and become a member of the Manchester City team, he did not feel that his money and energy were wasted. On the contrary, he was particularly excited. One of the few world-class top players in the future was already in his pocket.

In a few years, Cristiano Ronaldo would be able to use his strength to conquer fans around the world.

Li Mu called Cristiano Ronaldo from afar. On the phone, Li Mu not only expressed his welcome to him joining Manchester City, but also told him, "Cristiano, you don't have to care about the public opinion and the pressure from the outside world. Calm down and train well. Strive to amaze the world in future games. That's the most important thing for you now."

Cristiano Ronaldo said excitedly on the other end of the phone, "Li Zong, you can rest assured that I will do my best and play every game well. I will use practical actions to tell everyone that my strength is worthy of your efforts!"