Chapter 129

Li Mu was definitely a good escort. He walked Su Yingxue all the way to her dormitory before saying goodbye. Su Yingxue turned around and thanked him softly. She also asked him to reply her message when he reached the dormitory.

Li Mu watched her step in, then turned his head and walked back. For a moment, he was surrounded by countless hostile eyes, but Li Mu didn't care and was fearless. He rubbed his hair like a hooligan, still with his hands in his pockets, and whistled. The tune turned out to be the prelude to the anti-war classic "Civil-War" by the Guns and Roses band of Guns-N 'Roses.

A guy crushed the heart-shaped love letter into a ball. He looked at Li Mu's side profile and cursed in his heart, "This guy is so arrogant!"

Li Mu seemed to have heard his inner voice. He changed the whistle and blew the prelude of the peerless classic "Wind-Of-Change" by the Scorpions.

As he blew, he got into the mood and even sang a few lines.

IfollowtheMoskva

DowntoGorkyPark

Listeningtothewindofchange……

That night, many people at One Scoop Pond scolded Li Mu, saying that a hooligan had tainted Su Yingxue and was blowing a hooligan whistle outside the female dormitory.

Li Mu curled his lips. You don't even know classic music, and you call it a hooligan whistle? F * ck you …

Li Mu turned his head and stopped paying attention to the losers at One Scoop Pond. Since the Open Beta of Hot-blooded Legend of Mir had started, he had to take some time to study the game and develop a plug-in to take the lead in the market.

Only Hu Zhengdao and Liu Nian were not going home. Hu Zhengdao said he had something to do on National Day, and Liu Nian's home was in Guangxi, which was extremely far away. He would not be going home on National Day.

Su Yingxue was not going home on National Day either. It was said that her parents would be coming over these few days, so she went to her aunt's house the next day.

Dou Xueli, who was from the same hometown, was quick-witted and bought a ticket home on the 30th.

Zhao Ziqiu sent a message to Li Mu, saying that her flight was on the afternoon of the 30th. She said that she felt lonely and asked if Li Mu would like to see her off.

Li Mu asked how she was going to the airport.

She replied that she would take the bus to Xizhimen and then take the airport bus from there.

Li Mu frowned as he listened. He hated buses the most. The subway was not so bad, but there were only two lines in Yan Jing at the moment, and it would take six or seven years for the airport special line to run.

But Li Mu thought that the airport highway had been opened a long time ago, so it was most convenient to drive. The traffic in Beijing was so good that he almost cried. He had never seen traffic jams before.

So Li Mu asked, "What time is the flight?"

"Four-thirty."

"Okay, wait for me at the entrance of your school at two-thirty."

Zhao Ziqiu was so excited that she jumped up and down in the dormitory with her phone. Her roommates asked her what was wrong, but she did not say anything. She pretended to be calm and replied to Li Mu, "Okay."

Li Mu slept in Yucheng Garden for a night, wrote some code, and then looked for a car rental company. Cars were not as developed as in the past, and there were only a few car rental companies.

But fortunately, Li Mu still found a shop and rented a brand-new Volkswagen Bora at the price of 230 yuan a day. Combined with the current purchasing power, the price was sky-high. But the price of the car was sky-high too. Who dared to buy this kind of car in this era at least 150,000 yuan?

Li Mu's train ticket was on the night of the 2nd, so he paid the rent for the car for three days. Then he drove to the gate of Yan University to have lunch with Zhao Kang. It was almost two o 'clock in the afternoon. He drove to the gate of Yan University. After waiting for a while, he saw the hot Zhao Ziqiu coming out of the school gate. She was carrying a one-shoulder lady's bag on her left and a 24-inch trolley box on her right.

Seeing Zhao Ziqiu in the car, Li Mu could not help but want to whistle. This girl's figure was simply amazing. She was wearing a pair of black skinny jeans and a white T-shirt. The curve of her chest was impeccable. Because the weather was a little cold, she also wore a black skinny leather jacket.

"Oh my, she really knows how to dress up …"

Li Mu sat in the car and watched for five minutes. Then he drove the car to Zhao Ziqiu, pushed the door open and got out of the car. He said to her, "Beauty, do you want to take a taxi?"

Zhao Ziqiu did not expect that it was Li Mu who got out of the car. Her eyes widened in surprise. "Wow, Li Mu, you can drive?"

Li Mu nodded and walked to her. He took her suitcase and stuffed it into the trunk. Then he said, "Let's go. I'll take you to the airport."

Zhao Ziqiu's heart was filled with joy. Although this broken car was worlds apart from her father's car, she still felt that it was so beautiful that it was intoxicating.

After getting in the car, Li Mu reminded her to buckle her seat belt. Then he went to the Third Ring Road with ease.

Sometimes it was very annoying to drive a car with a manual transmission, but sometimes it was very fun to drive. For example, on a road with no traffic jam, a manual transmission car could make the driver feel more comfortable. If you pursued speed, you could delay the upshift. You could start in the first gear, change to the second, and then to the third. The low gear and high speed made the car run fast.

Zhao Ziqiu had never thought about whether it was safe to sit in Li Mu's car before she got in the car. But now she looked at him skillfully driving. He held the steering wheel with one hand and held the gear lever with the other. It was really charming.

"Where did you get your car?" Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously.

"I rented it."

"How much is it a day?"

"230."

"That's expensive."

"It's okay."

"Two hundred and thirty a day is still acceptable?

You are so rich! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'll return the car. Let's take the bus."

"Don't."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "I don't want you to spend money. You've already rented it. Now it's definitely a day's money."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Do you know the rule of co-driver?"

"What is the rule of co-driver?"

Li Mu said, "The rule of co-driver is that when a man is driving and a woman is sitting in the co-driver's seat, the man is the sky. A woman can chat with him or serve him tea, but she can't quarrel, nag, or throw a tantrum."

"Why?"

Li Mu said, "For safety."

Zhao Ziqiu immediately put on a cute look and said coquettishly, "Then what do you want to talk about?"

Li Mu blurted out without thinking, "Talk about your figure. I've always been curious about how you grow …"

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly blushed and didn't know how to respond.

Li Mu hurriedly explained, "Oh, don't get me wrong. I mean how you grow."

It was a textbook case of trying to cover something up.

Zhao Ziqiu's face became redder.

At this time, Li Mu had already skillfully driven out of the Third Ring Road, entered the ramp, and drove into the airport expressway. He hurriedly changed the topic and asked, "Is your plane T1 or T2?"

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly gasped and said, "T1."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Look at how good the weather is today. It's clear and refreshing in autumn."

Li Mu's blunt change of topic without any technical content made Zhao Ziqiu's face a little more relaxed. She said, "Hangzhou is also very beautiful in this season. Have you been to West Lake?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly said to Li Mu with a serious face, "Why don't you go to Hangzhou with me for two days? I'll show you around."

Li Mu looked sideways at Zhao Ziqiu and said with a smile, "Why don't you go to Hangzhou with me for two days? I'll show you around."

"Okay." Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "Anyway, I'll be a good host whenever you go."

…

It was a smooth journey. Li Mu drove the car to the departure floor of T1. Zhao Ziqiu looked at the time and felt a little unhappy. It had only taken her half an hour, and her plane would take off in one and a half hours. At most, one hour was enough, and she still had half an hour to spare.

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly wanted to sit in the car with Li Mu and chat for a while, but there were signs everywhere in this place, which said: Stop and leave.

Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "Are you going back now?"

Li Mu said, "Yes, I'll leave after you go in."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and opened the door to get out of the car. Li Mu also got out of the car and helped her take out her suitcase. Zhao Ziqiu was a little sad and said to Li Mu, "Then I'll go in?"

"Go ahead. Send me a message when you board the plane."

"Well, send me a message when you go back."

"Okay."

Li Mu watched Zhao Ziqiu enter the hall. When he was about to go back to the car, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly turned around and said, "Li Mu, I'll fly back on the afternoon of the 7th. Will you come to pick me up?"

"I'll come when I have time."

"No, you must come, or I'll get lost. I won't take the car back to school."

Li Mu asked with a smile, "Really?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded heavily, "Yes!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Okay, I'll come to pick you up then."

After hearing this, Zhao Ziqiu said excitedly, "That's what you said. If you don't come on the afternoon of the 7th, I'll sleep at the airport!" Then she turned around and ran away happily.

Li Mu shook his head when he saw this. When a stunner started acting cute, he couldn't stand it!

He drove back to Yucheng Garden. When Li Mu arrived, Zhao Kang was also there. Li Mu asked and found out that he came over after dinner.

Li Mu asked him, "How's Douban recently?"

"Pretty good."

Zhao Kang said with a smile, "There are two main things. One is to continue with the simple publicity plan, and the other is the affairs of Tieba."

Li Mu nodded. "I'm going to invest in Tieba. When the time comes, I'll change the Douban forum to you. Then, after Tieba raises the funds, I'll acquire you. In this way, Douban will have a lot of working capital. At the same time, I'll give you five points of shares in Yiting and Tieba."

Zhao Kang asked curiously, "How much do you mean by a lot?"

Li Mu thought for a moment. "Between 300,000 to 500,000."

During this time, Zhao Kang had self-taught a lot of things, and he had personally trained thousands of Internet Water Army on Douban. His perspective and vision had greatly improved compared to before. He asked Li Mu a question that made Li Mu happy. "With Tieba's current traffic, financing is definitely not a problem. But if you acquire Douban, will the people who invested in you agree?

After all, our Douban only has a group of Internet Water Army. Other than our own people, we don't have any extra traffic. "

The fact that Zhao Kang could ask this question proved that he had a considerable amount of Internet thinking. While feeling gratified, Li Mu also explained, "You don't have to worry about this. Now we're being chased by investors, so I'll give them some additional conditions that they have no choice but to agree to."

Li Mu had thought about it. Tieba's development momentum was so strong that it far exceeded his expectations. If Tieba carried out Series A financing, he would have a lot of additional requirements waiting for the investors. These requirements would be a little harsh for the investors, but in order to nurture a big project, they would certainly not refuse.