Chapter 502

The concept of signing fees was first started by foreign companies. Usually, it was set up by big companies for high-end talents. For example, if Oracle wanted to sign a middle or senior executive, they would give the other party 500,000 to 1 million yuan as a signing fee based on the other party's ability and resources. As long as the other party signed the employment contract, the money would be paid immediately. It was the same for other multinational companies. Currently, the companies that were closest to western companies in China were the internet companies. Other than Makino Technology, almost all the big internet companies had overseas investors. Hence, they were very westernized.

With Liu Xuebin's level, it would be difficult for him to get 300,000 to 500,000 yuan in 2002. Teng Xun was not that impressive in 2002. Moreover, Li Mu had gotten rid of QQ. There was not much glory on his head. The reason why Sino Waves agreed to such a high signing fee was because of the situation. In Sino Waves' eyes, the top three teams in the country were Makino Technology's YY team, the second was Teng Xun's QQ team, and the third was Sino Waves.

Right now, Sino Waves still wanted to compete with Makino Technology. The only feasible way was to get Teng Xun's QQ team, which was ranked second. Hence, they promised Liu Xuebin 300,000 yuan as a signing fee. If he could get most of the team to Beijing, Sino Waves would give him 500,000 yuan.

Liu Xuebin had a lot of prestige and popularity in Teng Xun's QQ team. This time, he realized that if he made use of his popularity in the team, there was a high chance that he could get himself a windfall of five hundred thousand yuan. What was the concept of five hundred thousand yuan nowadays? Liu Xuebin could directly buy a house in Beijing with the full amount.

For Liu Xuebin, who had followed Teng Xun for many years, he still did not have the financial ability to buy a house in Shenzhen. Right now, as long as he brought his team to Sino Waves, he could immediately settle down in Beijing. To him, this was too meaningful.

For the 500,000 yuan, Liu Xuebin had completely given up on Makino Technology in his heart. However, because he had to answer to the other team members, Liu Xuebin still went to Makino Technology as promised on Tuesday afternoon.

In order to win over the team, Li Mu personally met Liu Xuebin in the office. He was ready to have a good chat with him and impress him with the future prospects of Makino Technology.

It was the first time that Liu Xuebin met the leader of Makino Technology, but it was also the first time that he knew that the leader of Makino Technology was the same person as the famous 3321. He had to admit that Li Mu's all-round success shocked him. But for him, he didn't come to discuss cooperation with Li Mu this time. He deliberately came here with the mentality and expectation that the negotiation would fail.

Li Mu talked to him with 100% sincerity, but Liu Xuebin's attitude was very commercial and realistic. He asked Li Mu as soon as he came up, "Li Zong, if our team joins Makino Technology, what kind of treatment can you give us?"

Li Mu was a little surprised. Liu Xuebin was a senior manager at the deputy director level. Money was important, but shouldn't they first talk about each other's thoughts, views, and views on the future of the industry?

However, Li Mu didn't deliberately avoid the topic. He said, "My HR should have talked to you about the specific treatment of your team. I can guarantee that after you come to Beijing, your treatment will not be lower than your income when you were in Teng Xun. In addition, I will give each of you a settlement allowance. As for your treatment, I can arrange for you to discuss it in detail with our HR director."

Liu Xuebin pursed his lips and said bluntly, "Li Zong, let me tell you what my team members and I think. First of all, the team members hope to get 1.5 times the previous salary in Teng Xun. As for myself, I'm more inclined to the cooperation model of annual salary plus options."

Liu Xuebin was asking for an exorbitant price. Even Xin Lang didn't give his team members 1.5 times the salary. When he asked for so much from Li Mu, there was actually only one thought in his mind. It would be best if the negotiation fell through. Then, he would tell his team members that the negotiation with Makino Technology had fallen through. Xin Lang's offer was very suitable, so everyone should just sign with Xin Lang.

Li Mu was also shocked by Liu Xuebin's exorbitant price, but he didn't show it on his face. Instead, he took a sip of tea and said unhurriedly, "1.5 times the salary is impossible. If I give your team this treatment, then I won't be able to explain it to my own team at all. I can't let the loser's treatment surpass the winner's."

Liu Xuebin said, "Actually, my team is very strong, but the reason why QQ was taken down by YY was because there was a problem with QQ's product and operational thinking. If Teng Xun had a strong product manager, QQ's market share wouldn't have been taken away by YY."

Li Mu asked him, "Do you think Xin Lang has a strong product manager?"

The meaning behind Li Mu's words was very simple. Teng Xun lost, and you complained that there wasn't a good product manager. Okay, then do you think that Xin Lang will definitely have a product manager who can compete with YY if you bring your team to join Xin Lang?

Aren't you afraid of experiencing the failure that you just experienced in Teng Xun again?

Now, Li Mu could say without boasting that he was the most awesome product manager in the internet industry. He could even say that he was the most awesome in the world. There was no other reason. He relied on his experience of being more than ten years ahead of the current internet industry. When he was playing with a certain concept, no one in the current internet industry could think of this concept. Even if they thought of it, they couldn't do it. Therefore, no matter who helped Xin Lang with UC, Li Mu had absolute confidence that he could kill UC, just like he wanted to kill QQ.

Liu Xuebin also understood the meaning behind Li Mu's words. Although he felt a little embarrassed, he still said conceitedly, "I'm not sure if Xin Lang has a strong product manager, but I believe that our team is capable enough to define a product ourselves. We'll be able to free ourselves from the shackles of Teng Xun. Everyone will definitely come up with more in-depth and unique ideas for the product."

Li Mu frowned slightly. He realized that Liu Xuebin's attitude did not seem like he was here to talk business. No matter how low his EQ was, if he really wanted to cooperate with someone, he would not use this kind of attitude. The only possibility was that he did not come with the purpose of cooperation at all.

Li Mu asked Liu Xuebin, "If I can't give you and your team the treatment that you expect, will you give up on Makino Technology?"

Liu Xuebin nodded and said, "I think so. After all, we also need to survive. Everyone gave up their familiar environment and traveled thousands of miles to Yanjing. It's also to be able to get a satisfactory treatment that will allow everyone to survive in this city. As you said, we can't accept just the same salary as before and a little bit of settlement allowance."

Li Mu's heart was like a mirror. He nodded and smiled slightly. He picked up his teacup and said, "I wish you all a bright future."

Liu Xuebin also realized that Li Mu was going to send them off. He finally heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. Alright, the negotiation had fallen through. Now it was easier to explain to everyone. The next thing to do was to quickly persuade everyone to accept Xin Lang's offer. No matter what, they had to gather 80 people.

Therefore, the excited Liu Xuebin also picked up his teacup and said to Li Mu, "Thank you, Li Zong, for your blessings."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I still have a lot of things to do, so I won't send you off. When you come to Yanjing, you can contact me and have a meal together."

Liu Xuebin nodded, stood up and said with a smile, "Then, Li Zong, I'll leave first."

"Take care."

After Liu Xuebin left, Li Mu's face suddenly turned cold.

Although Li Mu did not know the specific details of Liu Xuebin's discussion with Xin Lang, he realized that Liu Xuebin's inner balance had completely sided with Xin Lang. He had made up his mind to continue being enemies with Makino Technology. In that case, there was no need to talk anymore. The most appropriate way was to meet on the battlefield.

After Liu Xuebin left, Li Mu looked for Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah. After the two of them went to his office, he asked him, "How's the navigation station going?"

Kong Lingyu said, "It's done this morning. The content of the navigation station is too simple. A few of our web engineers wrote it in a few days. I was just about to ask you when you're going to start, boss."

Li Mu said, "It's good that it's done. Don't be in a hurry to start. Wait for my news."

Kong Lingyu nodded. "Okay."

Li Mu said, "Alright, Old Kong, there's nothing else for you to do. You can go ahead."

Kong Lingyu found that Li Mu had a trace of hostility today, so he did not ask further. He nodded and said, "Then I'll go ahead. Boss, if you need anything, just look for me."

After Kong Lingyu left, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah, "How's the recruitment of a senior editor-in-chief?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "I've been following a few people recently. Most of them are not bad, but considering our strategic intentions, these people might not be able to handle it. However, there's one person that I think is very suitable. It's just that he's already a senior executive of a company, and he even has options."

Li Mu asked her, "Which company?"

Lin Ching-ah said a little awkwardly, "It's Xin Lang."

"Xin Lang?"

Li Mu was also a little surprised. He really did not want to poach people from Xin Lang. He just wanted to destroy Xin Lang.

Lin Ching-ah said, "That person's name is Chen Tong. He's now the executive vice president of Xin Lang."

Li Mu suddenly thought of this name. Chen Tong, the lone hero of Xin Lang. He had been rooted in Xin Lang for more than ten years and had created many legends for Xin Lang. Later on, due to Shengda and Xin Lang's own special circumstances, he left Xin Lang to join Lei Jun's team. Chen Tong, who joined Lei Jun's team, was not very impressive. However, he had done a lot of awesome things in Xin Lang over the past ten years.

Li Mu could not help but ask Lin Ching-ah, "Have you communicated with him?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "I didn't dare to communicate in too much detail. After all, he's from Xin Lang. I didn't dare to express my intentions. I only got the headhunter to test if he was interested in changing jobs. I only said that a big company in the industry wanted to poach him and could double his salary. However, he directly rejected me. He didn't even have the intention to understand in detail."

Li Mu frowned and asked her, "Do you have this person's resume?"

"Yes."

Lin Ching-ah took out a piece of A4 paper from the folder she carried with her and handed it to Li Mu. She said, "I asked someone to look for information and put it together. Some parts might not be accurate."