Chapter 29

"Have you decided on which school to apply to?"

Li Mu asked Zhao Kang on the way to school.

Zhao Kang frowned, "Oh, I forgot. Let me see."

He took out the application form and said, "Yanjing Information Technology Vocational College, computer science major."

Li Mu didn't know what the school was for. He had never heard of it, but it should be a vocational college. Choosing computer science was not a bad choice. It would definitely be of great help to him.

Zhao Kang said, "I checked the address of the school and bought a map of Yanjing. This school is less than two kilometers away from Renmin University. It's closer to you."

If it weren't for the fact that gay friends didn't exist these days, Li Mu would have thought that Zhao Kang had gay friends.

The reason for choosing this university was to be closer to him …

At this time, Zhao Kang said, "I have thought about it. I don't have much ability, and my studies are limited. I don't know as much as you do. So, in the future, as long as you still like me as your brother, you can just tell me what to do. I believe in my judgment of people. It's not wrong to follow you."

Li Mu saw that Zhao Kang didn't seem to be joking. He was surprised that this eighteen -year-old boy had the courage to make such a decision. However, this was also a kind of trust in him.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yanjing is very big, and there are many opportunities. Let's work hard together."

This year, I have Zhao Kang as my brother and Su Yingxue as my goddess. My life shouldn't be too boring, right?

…

Li Mu was now a rich man. He had at least ten thousand yuan in his pocket. He treated Zhao Kang to a good meal. It was a western buffet in Haizhou Hotel, and it cost one hundred yuan per person.

Spending two hundred yuan for lunch this year was considered a top-notch luxury in Haizhou.

Originally, Li Mu wanted to give Zhao Kang some cash before selling the Stoneware Overlord so that he could have some money. But thinking of Zhao Kang's character, he was afraid that it would hurt his self-esteem, so he gave up.

After lunch, the two went to school together.

It was time to hand in their application forms. After this, their high school days would be over, and they could go home to wait for their scores and admission letters.

At this time in his previous life, Li Mu was in a lot of pain. However, in order not to burden his family and to graduate early to earn money, he made up his mind and cut off his future.

In this life, Li Mu dared to put Renmin University in his application form. The teachers would be scared to death if they saw it. They would think that Li Mu was crazy and didn't want to go to university. He wanted to take revenge on society with his application form.

As he walked into the school, someone called Li Mu from behind.

It was Su Yingxue.

Zhao Kang saw Su Yingxue walking over from behind and gave Li Mu a look. "I will go first."

Li Mu said, "Okay. Our class has a gathering tonight. Call me tomorrow."

"Our class has one too."

It seemed like all the classes had agreed to have a gathering today?

Li Mu smiled. Zhao Kang walked away, and Su Yingxue came to his side.

Li Mu looked Su Yingxue up and down unscrupulously. She did not deliberately dress up today, but in the words of the future generations, she was still full of the aura of a goddess.

Su Yingxue's psychological quality was very good. She was stared at by all kinds of boys and men every day, and it helped her to develop the ability to not be affected. But Li Mu's gaze still surprised her.

Li Mu's drastic change after changing his appearance had already surprised her on the day she estimated his marks. Before the college entrance examination, he was still childishly avoiding her eyes. But after the college entrance examination, it was as if he had changed into a different person. He suddenly became incomparably confident. She could not guess what kind of impact the college entrance examination had on him.

"Yingxue, are you looking for me?"

Li Mu unconsciously revealed the look of a strange uncle coaxing a little girl. It was not his fault. It was just that Su Yingxue was too beautiful. He had been obsessed with her for more than ten years in his previous life, but he did not expect to fall deeper and deeper. It could not be helped. When this girl was 27 or 28 years old, she would have a qualitative leap compared to now. At that time, Su Yingxue's picture could be seen everywhere in the financial world. She was flawless.

Su Yingxue was still not used to Li Mu's change. She looked at him and asked, "Are you really going to Renmin University?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said frivolously, "Do you think I'm joking?"

"No."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment. Her eyes showed a bit of pity. She said softly, "But, are you confident?

I'm afraid that you will delay yourself … "

"You're afraid that I won't be able to get in?"

Li Mu suddenly smiled. This was really interesting. In his previous life, the fate between the two of them had basically ended. In the future, Su Yingxue would go to Beijing, and he would go to Jinling. Four years later, he carried her in his heart for half a day and a night before going to Beijing, but she went to America on a plane ticket.

Even now, when he thought about it, he felt that it was funny and helpless. He even mocked himself for overestimating himself. But, she was his dream back then.

Now that he was reborn, shouldn't he do the things that he thought he couldn't do in his previous life?

In his previous life, he did not get into a good university, but in this life, he filled in Renmin University. In his previous life, his parents suffered because of him. But, he sold his parents' salary for a few years for one song. Not to mention the Stone Age Overlord that was already popular among the players. Not to mention the future internet era and the mobile internet era …

So, if he had any ideas on Su Yingxue now, it shouldn't be a toad lusting after a swan's meat, right?

Su Yingxue was indeed afraid that Li Mu would not be able to get in, but she was also afraid that he would misunderstand her original intention. So, she explained, "I just don't want you to regret it. What if you don't get in?"

"You're right." Li Mu nodded and smiled. "I'm also afraid that I won't get in."

Su Yingxue thought that Li Mu had something else to say. She did not expect him to finish. She was anxious and blurted out, "And then?

How did you fill in your application? "

Li Mu said, "Of course, I filled in my application that I'm 100% confident in."

When Su Yingxue heard this, she immediately felt relieved. But after a moment, she was a little disappointed. "Ai, which university did you apply for?"

The moment she asked this question, Su Yingxue had a vague hope in her heart. She hoped that Li Mu would be able to apply for a university in Yanjing.

Li Mu took out the application form from his pocket and handed it to her. He smiled and said, "Look at it yourself."

Su Yingxue took the application form suspiciously. She opened it and was stunned at a glance.

First choice: People's University, and only the first choice!

"This …" Even if Su Yingxue estimated her score to be 650, she still did not dare to be 100% confident. Her second choice was Yanjing University of Science and Technology.

"Are you really confident?"

"Of course."

"What if I don't get in?"

"If I don't get in, then I'll repeat a year and take the National People's Congress again."

"Really?"

"Of course!"

Su Yingxue seemed to become serious all of a sudden. Her clear eyes stared at Li Mu. "Then it's a deal!"

Li Mu felt as if his soul was about to be hooked by those eyes. But after a moment, he frowned and asked, "What do you mean if it's not Su Yingxue?

Are you so sure that I can't get in? "

"No."

Su Yingxue sneered and handed the application form to Li Mu. She walked forward and said, "Fill in Yanjing University of Science and Technology as your second choice before you hand it in. The code is 10007."

"No!" Li Mu curled his lips and stuffed the application form into his pocket.

Su Yingxue turned around and looked at Li Mu. Her cheeks were red and her eyes were bright. "I filled it in because I'm not absolutely confident that I can get into the National People's Congress."