Chapter 854

While Li Mu was preparing for a department store promotion, Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, chose the same direction as him.

Le Tao was the most ill-fated product of Hua Xia Internet in 2002.

This product was a shopping platform that Boss Ma had asked his team to build as soon as possible when he realized that Li Mu had seized the 2C business. However, the continuous changes and influences had caused it to be continuously delayed. Seeing that it was going to be September, even Sun Zhengyi couldn't wait any longer. In order to not let the capital lose confidence, Boss Ma had no other choice but to prepare for the launch once again.

This time, Boss Ma was very clear that he couldn't use any reason to delay the release of Le Tao. It was imperative that Le Tao be released in September. He also understood that Le Tao was like a carrier rocket. Once it was launched, it would only have one chance. If he failed, the investors wouldn't give him a second chance.

Boss Ma's Le Tao was very similar to South Korea's self-developed Luo Lao. Due to various reasons, it kept delaying its launch, but in the end, it still could not escape the fate of being shot into the sky.

However, Boss Ma did not think that Le Tao would fail. Instead, he felt that his chances of success were very high. This was because he was paying close attention to the aspect that Li Mu did not consider — the basic livelihood of the people.

Taobao's Brand Day was very dazzling. All kinds of electronic products were selling very well. Until now, Taobao still had a huge turnover every day. 70% of this came from electronic products, and the remaining 30% came from small and medium-sized C2C sellers.

However, Boss Ma discovered a problem. Taobao placed too much emphasis on electronic products. Most of its recommended display spots were given to electronic products, ranging from Mango's MP3 players to Shenzhou's entire machine. Electronic products occupied the entire Taobao's display.

In Boss Ma's opinion, this was a huge potential flaw in Li Mu's plan. At this critical juncture, electronic products were indeed the most labor-saving. Firstly, there was a high consumer demand. Secondly, electronic products sold online could have a relatively large price advantage. Thirdly, electronic products were relatively small in size, relatively light in weight, and relatively high in price. Therefore, the pressure of electronic products' logistics would be much lighter.

Boss Ma felt that Li Mu must have tasted the sweetness of electronic products, so he seized this point and worked hard, hoping to make electronic products more thorough. However, Boss Ma saw that electronic products did not have enough stamina.

At the end of the day, electronic products are not fast consumer goods. The market needs time to recuperate. As time passes, the volume of electronic products on Taobao will slowly decline and eventually return to a rational state. In this case, I will have to compete with Li Mu. Aren't you making low-frequency, high-price electronic products?

Okay, then I will make daily necessities with high consumption frequency and low price!

Differentiated competition was one of the best ways to survive in front of the giants. When the world's automobile giants were constantly competing on various models, Tesla's new energy vehicle was a typical example of differentiated competition.

Tesla chose a field that its competitors did not have as an entry point. It was fundamentally different from its competitors. When other manufacturers were researching on power, fuel consumption, hybrid power, gearbox gears, and shifting logic, Tesla abandoned the fuel engine, gearbox, and fuel consumption. It made its core selling point distinct from its competitors.

Boss Ma had the same idea. He knew very well that only e-commerce, which could truly invade the lives of ordinary people, was the real e-commerce. Therefore, he felt that Li Mu had not found the essence, and he had already seen through the real essence, which was to make fast consumer goods that were closely related to the ordinary people.

Therefore, he held an internal core meeting and proposed the core concept of a daily necessities promotion. His team was already used to having him as the absolute core, so they did not have any objections to this decision.

After confirming the direction, the next step was to decide on the implementation plan. Boss Ma had two general implementation plans to choose from. The first was self-operation, like Li Mu, where he would purchase from the company and then sell and deliver the goods himself. The second was to use the most down-to-earth C2C model to attract a large number of sellers to enter and let the sellers work together to promote.

With Boss Ma's current financial situation, he clearly realized that he couldn't do self-management like Li Mu. He could only choose the second method, C2C. On one hand, he could save on warehousing and distribution costs. On the other hand, he could convert the small and medium-sized enterprises on Alibaba into Le Tao and let them become the sellers of Le Tao. Therefore, for Le Tao's promotion this time, Boss Ma also wanted to use dozens or even hundreds of stores to promote together. It was completely different from Li Mu's self-management promotion.

After deciding on the main direction of the implementation plan, the next step was to refine the entire plan. For example, refining the entry point of this promotion.

The range of daily necessities was too large. With the current strength of Alibaba, it was not realistic to launch a large-scale promotion at the beginning. Therefore, Boss Ma decided to choose two detailed entry points as the core areas of this promotion.

These two detailed entry points were: daily necessities and clothing.

Daily necessities were daily chemicals, ranging from cosmetics to body care products, and then from bath products to washing products. The reason why this category was chosen was that there were quite a number of domestic small and medium-sized daily necessities manufacturers on Alibaba. Although the products of these small and medium-sized manufacturers were not very well-known, the most important thing was that there was a lot of room for price reduction and a high degree of cooperation between the companies. In Boss Ma's opinion, the consumption of daily necessities was still very rational. Although the influence of big brands was great, the share of small brands was at least more than half. Therefore, the products of these small and medium-sized enterprises were definitely very popular.

As for clothing, the reason why he chose clothing was that Hangzhou had a very big industry advantage.

There were two cities in the country where clothing manufacturers gathered. One was Yangcheng, and the other was Hangzhou. In the suburbs of Hangzhou, there were a large number of small and medium-sized clothing manufacturers, as well as large-scale clothing OEM companies. Boss Ma also had the idea of being in a favorable position to obtain favorable resources nearby.

After deciding on a detailed entry point, the next step was the specific implementation plan.

Boss Ma hoped that Le Tao would immediately launch a promotion for daily necessities and clothing. Therefore, he requested his team to establish contact with these small and medium-sized enterprises in advance. Before Le Tao was launched, he wanted them to accept cooperation in advance and start preparing to build stores in Le Tao. Before Le Tao was launched in September, Boss Ma requested at least a hundred stores to enter in advance. At the same time, he also needed to prepare a publicity plan. Once Le Tao was launched, he had to invite sellers on platforms such as Taobao and Ebay to enter Le Tao.

As for the specific plan of the promotion, Boss Ma wanted to use the model of discount and full shipping. Currently, he had three express delivery companies under him, and the logistics capacity was sufficient. At that time, he could let the participating enterprises directly cooperate with his express delivery company, and his express delivery company would be responsible for the delivery of the parcels. This way, he could reduce the shipping cost to the greatest extent. At that time, he could use the model of full discount and 88 or 99% shipping to promote the promotion.

Discount was currently the main method of offline promotion, and full shipping was another attractive point that Boss Ma thought of based on the characteristics of online promotions. Although the price of online promotions was cheap, the cost of shipping was not low, and it might not really save money. However, if the shipping cost was waived, it would be very attractive to the consumers. Once the model of full shipping was adopted, it would subconsciously make the consumers have the subconscious idea of "buying together". This was basically the same as the "full discount" that Li Mu wanted to do.

After the whole promotion plan was sorted out, Boss Ma said to his team members in a very serious manner, "The success or failure of our Le Tao depends on this. From now until mid-September, we still have about twenty days to prepare. Everyone must be 120% focused and do this well. Please remember, this time, we have already promised the investors that Le Tao's launch date must not be changed!"

The team members nodded one after another. Now, the arrow was already nocked on the bow, and it had to be released. For a moment, a tense atmosphere quietly spread in the team.

Boss Ma was also very nervous. It was not easy to snatch something from Li Mu's mouth, not to mention that he had dug a hole for Li Mu once. Once Li Mu realized what he was doing, Li Mu would definitely try his best to stop and interfere with him. If Le Tao's launch and promotion plan were to be exposed, he did not know how Li Mu would deal with it. This problem gave him a headache just thinking about it.

However, after thinking optimistically, Boss Ma felt that his combination of two promotions should be enough to bring a huge attraction to the ordinary people who were careful with their budget.

In his opinion, the retail industry was an industry that could never be monopolized, and the retail industry in the e-commerce industry was the same.

The ordinary people were always choosing more convenient and more affordable consumption channels. As long as he promoted this promotion and let the users realize the benefits, then the users would definitely come.

At the end of the day, the users bought the goods, not the stores that sold the goods. No consumer would only go to Wal-Mart or Carrefour for the rest of their lives. Even if the newly opened supermarket in front of them was not famous, but the prices were affordable, they would definitely come to take a look. This was his opportunity.

Once he attracted a large number of consumers through this promotion, his Le Tao would definitely be able to gain a firm foothold. This way, even if Li Mu suddenly turned around and went against him with the daily necessities, he might not really be afraid of him. After all, he would already have a strong first impression in the daily necessities industry. He had a certain advantage and his own user base. No matter how strong Li Mu was, he would not be able to snatch away all of his users. At that time, with better follow-up operations, Le Tao should be able to gain a firm foothold with the daily necessities industry!