Chapter 1706

"Panda Bear" became popular at an incredible speed all over the world and became the most popular cartoon character in the world. Those who liked it loved it very much. As for the rest, a small portion of them were disgusted, and most of them were confused.

Most people could not accept this strange cartoon design. In their opinion, pandas should be cute. Why did they have to take this ugly and cheap route?

However, these GIFs were too brainwashing. In just a few days, people all over the world were completely brainwashed by these ugly but cute images.

Because it was really too funny.

Li Mu struck while the iron was hot. Five days after the launch of the new version of YY, he released the second panda bear GIF emoticon to the fervent anticipation of users all over the world.

This time, Panda Bear was even more carefree.

Panda Bear "threw" a yellow mutt to a staff member with his back to the camera.

The text accompanying the emoji was: "The other party doesn't want to talk to you and threw a dog at you."

Li Mu invited Du Wei over, let her put on a beautiful princess dress, and let the panda bear circle around her exaggeratedly.

The accompanying text for this emoji was: "You're so beautiful!"

The panda bear's back was facing the camera. Suddenly, it turned around and stretched out two red triangular flags. On one side was written "Happy New Year" in Chinese, and on the other was written "Happy" in English.

new

year”

The panda bear covered its ears and shook its huge head exaggeratedly. "I'm not listening!"

The panda bear took a few steps back in fear and stretched out a hand in front of him. "Don't come any closer!"

The panda bear squatted on the ground and stroked the silly little dog's head. "You have to be good!"

The panda bear grabbed the little dog's mouth and wrote, "Alright, stop talking!"

The panda bear scratched its head with one hand, a series of question marks appearing on its head. "This is really strange …"

The panda bear tried to burrow its huge body into a trash can and wrote, "I want to hide!"

The panda bear shrugged. "I can't do anything about it!"

The Panda Bear in the second episode was even more despicable than the first episode, especially the lines "The other party doesn't want to talk to you and threw a dog at you," "You have to be good," "Pat the dog's head," "Don't talk anymore," and "Don't talk anymore," which were the best way to tease friends.

When the second emoji was released, 80% of users downloaded the second emoji pack as soon as they received the pop-up notification. Then, the second emoji pack went crazy.

Not only did the users go crazy, even the media went crazy.

Nowadays, there was no one to chat properly on the internet. Basically, every few sentences had to be accompanied by an emoticon. Everyone was immersed in this new form of expression and communication, unable to extricate themselves. It was as if the GIF emoticon had become a new wave of internet culture.

Li Mu relied on a few dozen emojis to set off a wave all over the world. This shocked and impressed the media. Many companies and brand operators were even more envious.

There were many companies with cartoon images, and there were also many companies that used cartoon images to promote. Among them, the most powerful was Disney. However, even Disney did not have the ability to create such a tsunami of momentum. The speed of the panda bear's success, the scope of its success, and the depth of its brainwashing, even Disney could not catch up.

Li Mu knew very well that the Kumamon Bear was very lethal. It was born in an era when the Internet was already highly developed. There were countless cartoon characters on the Internet. In China, there were popular cartoon characters such as Tanuki and Tusiki. In Hollywood, there were even more. In Japan, there were so many popular cartoon characters that even they themselves did not know how many popular cartoon characters they had.

The Kumamon Bear was a simple cartoon image with no story or anime background. To be able to stand out among so many cartoon images, it was as if he had cleared the stage in hell mode.

Not only did it take the world by storm in a short period of time, it even brought in billions of US dollars for Kumamoto Prefecture. It was simply a money-sucking beast.

Since 2015, it had been invincible in the world for several years. It was not only invincible in the world, but it was also invincible in the world.

Therefore, the panda bear, which was based on the Kumamon Bear, became popular all over the world in the shortest time possible.

In his previous life, the Kumamon Bear did not get rich so quickly.

In order to promote its own brand, Kumamoto Prefecture put in a lot of effort in handling the Kumamon Bear's copyright. First, they opened up the Kumamon Bear's copyright application in Japan for free. Any company in Japan could apply to use the Kumamon Bear's image for free. This way, the image of the Kumamon Bear quickly spread out of Kumamoto Prefecture and even to the world through Made in Japan.

Then, Kumamoto Prefecture opened up the licensing application for overseas companies. However, there were many requirements for overseas licensing applications. For example, the design had to be reviewed and approved by Kumamoto Prefecture, and it could not be used directly. At this stage, Kumamoto Prefecture authorized a group of famous overseas world-class brands to cooperate with, further establishing the foundation of the Kumamon Bear's "global popularity".

Later, Kumamoto Prefecture opened up the licensing application for overseas companies. However, these applications were not free. Kumamoto Prefecture would charge a certain amount of copyright fees. As more and more companies cooperated with them, the global reputation of the Kumamon Bear continued to rise.

Now, the marketing resources in Li Mu's hands were something that Kumamoto Prefecture dared not dream of. Therefore, in just a few days, Kumamoto Prefecture realized the influence that it had taken years to build.

The second panda bear emoji made the panda bear even more popular all over the world. At the same time, it attracted the attention of countless companies.

For a while, there were countless companies applying to Makino Technology to cooperate with the panda bear's copyright. Application emails kept coming in like snowflakes.

According to the feedback from the marketing department, as of three days after the second panda bear was released, a total of more than 5,000 companies around the world had sent cooperation applications to Makino Technology. They all hoped to obtain the image copyright of the panda bear and use it on their own products.

After referring to the copyright operation methods of the Kumamon Bears in his previous life, Li Mu thought over and over again and formulated the first version of the panda bear commercial cooperation rules.

First, the panda bear currently did not charge any copyright fees. Any company could submit a copyright application to Makino Technology. However, the application must specify the method of use, the scope of use, the number of times of use (exposure), and the application must be approved by Makino Technology and approved in writing.

Second, no company could apply to use the panda bear image for pure peripheral production, such as dolls, commemorative coins, promotional posters, etc. It must be used in combination with its own products.

Third, the higher the international ranking of the applying company, the easier it would be to obtain approval. The more the number of times of use (exposure) of the applying company, the easier it would be to obtain approval.

Fourth, when using the panda bear copyright, any company must publicize the panda bear's Chinese name, or the English name, Panda, in an obvious font at the place where the panda bear image is used.

Merchants could choose one of the two.

Fifth, if the company violated the use regulations, Makino Technology had the right to immediately terminate the authorization and recover the copyright fees based on the violation.

Li Mu's idea was to license the product for free and increase the global exposure. After all, Makino Technology's cash flow was excellent, and its valuation had already exceeded 100 billion USD. It did not need the income from the panda bear copyright at all. It was better to license the product for free.

However, although it was a free license, it was impossible for everyone to use it as they wished. If they were not careful, it might be used on condoms or other products that could not be shown in public.

Therefore, if one wanted to use it, one must apply and inform the other party of the use. Only after Makino Technology approved the use could the other party use it.

In addition, the reason why the other party was not allowed to produce pure peripheral products was that Li Mu wanted to have the peripheral products such as the doll in his own hands. This was not to make money, but to ensure the workmanship and quality. Otherwise, once other companies had the right to produce dolls, it was likely to immediately flood the market with a batch of inferior dolls. In that case, it would be a kind of damage to the image of the panda bear.

Also, the company with the largest number of similar products would have priority. For example, Coca-Cola had a big brand and high production. If Coca-Cola promised to print the panda bear on Coke bottles or Coke cans, and a total of 10 billion bottles (cans) were printed worldwide, then he could immediately license it to them.

Another example was Air China. Because Air China's brand was also very big, and its planes flew all over the world, it was highly displayed. Therefore, if Air China applied for a few Panda Bear planes and printed the image of the panda bear on their planes, then he would immediately license it.

As soon as the details were announced, McDonald's and Coca-Cola came to the door.

Because there were too many companies applying for the use of the panda bear, the Asia Pacific representatives of McDonald's and Coca-Cola directly called Li Ziwei. They could not wait to cooperate with Makino Technology again for the copyright of the cartoon image, and expressed that they were willing to pay a high price.

Li Mu had a very deep cooperation with Coca-Cola and McDonald's on the cartoon image of Plants vs. Zombies. He had a high recognition of their cooperative attitude and the strength of their companies. Therefore, he immediately said to Li Ziwei, "Tell Coca-Cola, if they promise me that more than half of the products in their production lines around the world this year will be covered with the panda bear image, then I will immediately license it to them, and let them become the first company in the world to obtain the license."

Then, Li Mu said, "You have to make it clear to them that the concept of the production lines around the world is that any Coca-Cola production line must contribute more than half of the production capacity. Even if it is a production line in a remote corner of Africa, they must cover more than half of their products with our panda bear image."

Although Coca-Cola is a leading company in the beverage industry, it has never been easy. Just PepsiCo's pressure on them is enough to make them suffer. To ensure their leading position, Coca-Cola spends at least 1 billion USD on marketing every year.

If they could be the first to obtain the copyright of the panda bear and be the first to produce a beverage with the panda bear image, then they would be able to stand out from all their competitors.

Although it was just a small panda bear image, if Coca-Cola was the first to obtain it, the marketing effect would be even greater than a 100 million USD advertisement!