Chapter 382

Although the Su family had produced many talented students in recent years, only Su Yingxue was rooted in Yanjing. She was the youngest among her peers, so she was the most spoiled since she was a child. Not only did Su Yingxue's grandparents dote on her, but Su Yingxue's uncle, father, third uncle, eldest aunt, and second aunt all especially doted on her. Therefore, every year when she returned home from Yanjing to visit her family, it was the busiest time in the Su family.

Haizhou was indeed too small. There were only two truly presentable restaurants. One was the old Haizhou Hotel, and the other was a newly built ecological park. However, Su Weimin's current identity was somewhat special. As the head of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, he was usually very self-disciplined. The ecological park's shareholder background was complicated, and the place was slightly luxurious, so this family dinner could only be held in the Haizhou Hotel.

The atmosphere was warm. This New Year was particularly festive for the Su family, mainly because Su Weimin had been promoted to the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau. Although it had been some time, the Su family was still immersed in it. Su Weimin was the only one in the Su family who had embarked on an official career, but half a year ago, his political prospects were not optimistic. The Municipal Public Security Bureau was firmly suppressed by Li Jiawei, and he did not have a strong relationship with the provincial department. Su Weimin's biggest possibility was to be suppressed by Li Jiawei until Li Jiawei retired. By then, he would be at least in his early fifties. At that time, even if he was the first qualified head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, no one could predict whether the higher-ups would give him a director. Therefore, the possibility of him breaking through from the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau was almost zero.

However, many things took a turn like this. Just like in a short track speed skating competition, when the seeded athletes were fighting at the front, it was reasonable to say that the runners at the back had no chance to win a medal. However, when the seeded athletes played tricks, the runners at the back could also be the first to cross the line with a confused look, and thus win the championship.

Su Weimin was more or less the one who picked up the scraps. Until now, he still had not figured out who had messed with Li Jiawei and given him such a huge gift, allowing him to become a top leader in his forties. Moreover, he had also established a relationship with the provincial office. His career, which had originally been visible at a glance, suddenly had a broader space for development and imagination.

Su Yuehua was especially happy for her second brother, Su Weimin. Their relationship had been the best among the siblings since they were young. It was the first time she had come back to see her second brother since he had been promoted to the First Leader. Su Yuehua toasted Su Weimin several times at the dinner table, wishing him to be promoted and go further.

Su Weimin was also exceptionally happy and couldn't help but drink a few more glasses of wine. He then chatted with Su Yuehua about his daughter and smiled as he asked Su Yuehua's husband, "Shaohua, did Yingxue cause any trouble for you in Yanjing?"

Wang Shaohua hurriedly said, "Second brother, what are you talking about? I've never seen a more sensible child than Yingxue. We can't wait for Yingxue to be a day student. She might as well live in our house every day."

Su Weimin hurriedly said, "The child has grown up, it's better to let her exercise more."

Su Yuehua nodded. Actually, she had the intention of letting Su Yingxue be a day student next semester, but she had only thought about it. She didn't really intend to do it because she was also worried that if she overly controlled Su Yingxue, it would cause her to feel conflicted.

Su Yingxue was a little absent-minded at this time. It was almost 7: 40, and they had only eaten for half an hour. At this rate, it was estimated that today's meal would only end at 9. Li Mu had sent a text a few minutes ago saying that he had arrived at the entrance of the restaurant. She was looking for a suitable opportunity to slip away.

Her cousin, Wang Xinran, said impatiently, "Dad, mom, let's get the waiter to turn on the TV. We're waiting for the premiere of 'Old Boys'!"

Su Yuehua frowned and asked her, "What 'Old Boys'?"

Wang Xinran blurted out, "Aiya, it's sis …"

Wang Xinran instinctively wanted to say that it was a micro film directed by her brother-in-law, but she instantly realized that she was about to get into trouble. She hurriedly said, "It's the micro film performed by the band with simple plans that my sister really likes."

When Su Yuehua heard the words' simple plans', she nodded lightly and said, "Oh, I know. It's the band from Jinling. Didn't they also perform on the Spring Festival Gala?"

"Yeah."

Wang Xinran said, "On the Spring Festival Gala, they sang 'Fly Higher.' They also have a song called 'Old Boys.' The micro film that will premiere at 8 tonight is adapted from this song."

Su Weimin laughed and said, "Then let the waiter turn on the TV. Let's watch it together. This band is quite interesting. I really like 'Fly Higher.'"

At this time, Su Yingxue stood up and said to her mother, "Mom, I'm going to the bathroom."

Fang Min didn't think much about it and nodded slightly. Su Yingxue got up and went out. Wang Xinran rolled her eyes and said, "I'm going to the bathroom too." After that, she ran after Su Yingxue.

As soon as Su Yingxue went out, Wang Xinran ran out and shouted behind her, "Sis, wait for me."

Su Yingxue suddenly had a headache. She turned her head to look at Wang Xinran and asked in surprise, "Why did you come out too?"

"To the bathroom."

Wang Xinran ran to Su Yingxue in a few steps, took her arm, and said with a smile, "Hey, didn't brother-in-law invite you to watch the premiere of his movie?"

Su Yingxue was slightly stunned. Then she thought that she couldn't hide it from Wang Xinran since she was going to sneak out anyway, so she whispered to her, "He's waiting for me at the door. I'll go find him now. Help me cover up."

Wang Xinran said in surprise, "Brother-in-law is here?

Where are the two of you going? "

Su Yingxue glared at her and said, "You're the most talkative!

Tell me, are you willing to cover up for me? "

Wang Xinran giggled and said, "I'm willing, but how?"

Su Yingxue thought for a moment and said, "Just tell them that you met your high school classmates in the bathroom. Some of them are also having dinner here, and then they dragged me over to catch up."

Wang Xinran calculated the time and said, "It's 7: 45 now. The premiere will be at 8: 00, and it'll last 40 minutes. If you come back after watching it, it'll probably be 9: 00. I'm afraid we'll have to leave by then."

"It doesn't matter."

Su Yingxue said, "I'll tell them that I'm going to karaoke. You just need to tell them what I said. I'll text my mom."

Wang Xinran hesitated for a moment, but when she thought that it was related to her sister's happiness, she nodded her head and said, "I can help you, but you have to promise me one thing."

Su Yingxue said, "Didn't I promise you that I'll go back to Beijing to accompany you for the art exam?"

"That doesn't count." Wang Xinran said, "Ask Brother-in-law to treat me to a meal."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "I'll ask him when he's free."

Wang Xinran said, "It must be before I go back to Beijing. It doesn't count if I go back to Beijing."

"Okay!"

…

Su Yingxue walked out of the restaurant and saw Li Mu's GL8 parked on the side of the road as soon as she stepped out of the door. Then, she quickly ran to the car and sat down. Only then did she heave a sigh of relief.

Li Mu quickly put the car in gear and drove away. At the same time, he asked Su Yingxue, "How did you get out?"

Su Yingxue said, "I said I was going to the washroom, and Xinran followed me out. I asked her to help me lie to my family."

Li Mu listened to her and said with a smile, "I told my mom that it was a classmate gathering …"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "Xinran asked you to treat her to a meal, and she said that you have to do it before you leave. You can't wait until you go back to Beijing."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, I can offend anyone but sister-in-law. Let's do it tomorrow night."

Su Yingxue said, "Okay, I'll tell her tonight. Oh right, where are we going?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Just follow me."

Li Mu drove the car to Wanying New City and parked it directly in his parking lot. Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu had brought her to a residential area. She wanted to ask something, but she held it back and followed Li Mu all the way to the door of his newly bought house.

As soon as they entered the door, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu in surprise, "This isn't your house, is it?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "My parents bought it. It's a model house. I haven't lived in it since I bought it."

Su Yingxue nodded lightly and didn't think too much about it. She knew that Li Mu's parents had opened a shop in Haizhou. The two shops were doing very well, so it was very easy for them to buy a few houses.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Will uncle and auntie come over?"

"No."

Li Mu said casually, "This house was bought for me. They only paid for it and didn't worry about anything else. They didn't even leave the key."

Su Yingxue was relieved when she heard this. This was not like the house Li Mu rented in Yanjing. Both of them were in other places, so there was no psychological burden to be alone in a room. However, in Haizhou, and in the house bought by Li Mu's parents, she was also worried that Li Mu's parents would suddenly come back and see them alone in a room.

Li Mu originally wanted to be intimate with Su Yingxue, but the time was three minutes to eight o 'clock. The two hurriedly sat on the sofa in the living room, hand in hand. Li Mu turned on the TV and locked the program on Nansu TV Department 1.

At this moment, the four of them and their families were gathered in Ye Tianming's villa. Everyone deliberately had dinner in advance. At 7: 40 pm, they sat in the living room and stared at the huge rear-projection TV, waiting for the premiere of "Old Boys".

Zhang Kexuan, Ye Tianming, Xia Tian, and Gu Wei had now become the pride of their respective families. The four business families had never thought that their children could go so far on the road of literature and art. The Spring Festival Gala a few days ago had already made them very proud. Today, the micro movie they starred in would premiere on more than 20 TV stations across the country.

Although the four people's parents also questioned the form of the micro movie and thought that the movie that could not be broadcast in the cinema was somewhat unpresentable, when they saw the list of broadcasting TV stations that Zhang Kexuan had compiled, they really realized how wide the coverage of this micro movie was. At least tens of millions of people would watch this micro movie at the same time tonight. If the replay was calculated, the coverage was estimated to be over 100 million people.

Although the Spring Festival Gala was awesome, the exposure time of the Spring Festival Gala was only about five minutes, and this micro movie was more than 40 minutes, which was equivalent to an episode of a TV series. More than 40 minutes of exposure in front of hundreds of millions of people, the impact of this could be clearly calculated by these business parents.

Du Wei and Dufy's family were also watching Xiangnan TV Station from their home in Yan Jing. It couldn't be helped, Yan Jing TV Station had given up the right to premiere "Old Boys" because of the conflict between the film and the advertisers.

At eight o 'clock in the evening, 21 TV stations broadcast "Old Boys" at the same time. The opening was an ink painting style video that was about 15 seconds long. A shepherd boy riding on the back of a water buffalo and playing a flute was outlined with a brush. Then, the water buffalo and the shepherd boy's picture kept shrinking, and a vast grassland was outlined with ink. Finally, four bold and powerful words appeared on the screen — Makino Image.