Chapter 647

As one of the victims, Su Yingxue was very important to the development of this case. Her statement would naturally become one of the most important pieces of evidence in this case.

Hearing that Xue Li was going to give a statement to Su Yingxue, Huang Jinxiao said, "Everyone, please continue with your work. I still have something to attend to, so I have to leave now. However, if you need any help with this case, you can contact Xiao Wu at any time. Also, don't forget about the victim's family. When they arrive, contact Xiao Wu. He will make the necessary arrangements."

The few policemen nodded repeatedly, indicating that they would contact him immediately if there were any questions or needs. At this moment, the policeman surnamed Song hurriedly said, "Mr. Huang, our Chief Lu is currently working outside. When he heard that you were coming to the station, he was already rushing back when he called me to inform me. He will probably arrive in another twenty minutes. Do you think …"

Huang Jinxiao smiled and said, "Please tell Chief Lu that I have something to attend to today, so I won't wait for him. I will visit him another day. Also, please help me tell him that I asked him to handle this case well. A human life is at stake, so don't make any mistakes."

Huang Jinxiao spoke sincerely and politely, but Li Mu could see a trace of disgust and disdain in his smile. It seemed that he didn't want to meet Chief Lu at all.

Li Mu couldn't help but frown. Although Huang Jinxiao's style and behavior seemed to be relatively harmonious, he always felt that something was wrong. At first, he couldn't tell what it was, but the clues revealed in Huang Jinxiao's expression and the words of the policeman surnamed Song just now gave him some clues.

According to Officer Song, Huang Jinxiao seemed to have informed Chief Lu in advance that he was coming to the Western District Branch. Chief Lu happened to not be at the branch, so he called Officer Song to receive him. If Huang Jinxiao was really here to understand the situation and to express his willingness to solve the problem, then why would he need to inform the branch chief in advance?

Especially this branch chief, who he looked down on.

With Huang Jinxiao's status and power, a police officer who was worthy of his friendship should have a higher position than a Branch Bureau Chief. That's why it was almost impossible for him to have a personal relationship with the Western District Branch Bureau Chief. If he had greeted the Branch Bureau Chief in advance, the person who greeted him might have a higher position than the Branch Bureau Chief.

He wasn't the one who drove the car, and the driver who caused the accident had already turned himself in. If he was really here to solve the problem, why would he go through so much trouble to greet the police?

Or was there something more to this matter?

Li Mu felt like there were a lot of question marks in his head. Although he couldn't figure it out in a short amount of time, he felt that the information that Huang Jinxiao had unintentionally revealed seemed especially hypocritical to him.

At this moment, the few police officers at the scene were about to send Huang Jinxiao off. Huang Jinxiao said politely, "Please don't bother. There's no need to send me off. In this situation, nothing is more important than the case. You are all servants of the people. The faster you settle this case, the faster you can help the victim's family and the two young people walk out of the shadow of pain."

After that, Huang Jinxiao brought the lawyer named Wu and was about to leave. Li Mu suddenly remembered that he had asked Huang Jinxiao a question before. He hadn't answered it yet. After being disgusted by the lawyer named Wu, he had forgotten the most important question!

Hence, when Huang Jinxiao turned around and was about to leave, Li Mu hurriedly asked him, "Mr. Huang, I still have two questions to ask you."

Huang Jinxiao smiled and turned around. There was a hint of impatience in his eyes. He knew what Li Mu wanted to ask, and he wasn't going to answer it. Hence, he said, "Young man, if you have any questions, it's better to communicate directly with the police."

Li Mu frowned and asked, "What's your relationship with the driver who caused the accident? Why did he drive your car and hit someone?

Please answer me directly. "

Huang Jinxiao's eyes unconsciously widened, and his eyebrows slightly furrowed. There was already a hint of anger in his expression, but his voice remained polite as he said, "Young man, the person who hit someone was my driver. He has now turned himself in. Although he is my employee, please rest assured that I will not tolerate the mistakes of my subordinates!"

After that, Huang Jinxiao turned around and left. Although the police promised not to send him off, they still couldn't help but follow his footsteps.

Taking advantage of the fact that no one was paying attention to him and Su Yingxue, Li Mu asked her in a low voice, "How old does the driver look?"

Su Yingxue also frowned and said, "He looks like he's twenty. He's very young, and he's dressed very flashily."

Li Mu's heart thumped as if it was being pressed down by a huge rock. How could a billionaire hire a twenty-year-old young man as a driver?

The possibility of such a thing happening was almost zero!

He didn't care about Huang Jinxiao, who had already left the room, but raised his head and said to Xue Li, "Can you arrange for her to identify the driver who caused the accident first?"

Xue Li didn't realize that there was anything wrong, and he didn't know what Li Mu was suspecting. He only comforted them, "Don't worry, the person has already been detained. He can't run away. It won't be too late to identify him after the statement is recorded."

Li Mu insisted, "Now!"

Su Yingxue also realized that there might be changes in this matter, so she hurriedly said, "Some things can only be better thought out after seeing him. The statement can be done after seeing him."

Xue Li thought about it. Su Yingxue was the only witness at the scene who witnessed the whole incident, and her description of the incident would be the key evidence to convict the suspect. Moreover, this matter had killed someone, and the nature of the incident was vile, so he should treat it seriously. Thus, he stood up and said, "Come with me, the suspect is locked up in the interrogation room opposite."

As Xue Li spoke, he already stood up and was about to walk out. Li Mu and Su Yingxue followed behind the two of them out of the office. After walking for less than ten meters, they came to a door with a "Third Interrogation Room" sign. At the door of the interrogation room, Xue Li turned around to look at Su Yingxue and said, "Come take a look, the suspect is inside."

Su Yingxue walked to the door, stood on her tiptoes, and looked in through the small window on the door.

Li Mu was on the side, and at the same time, he also looked into the interrogation room. The person sitting on the interrogation chair, being interrogated by two police officers, was a man in his late forties who was dressed very formally.

After taking a look, Su Yingxue's face instantly turned pale, and her whole body trembled. Her eyes were filled with despair as she said to Li Mu, "It's not this person …"

Li Mu immediately gritted his teeth and cursed, "F * ck his mother!" After cursing, he broke into a run.

At this time, Huang Jinxiao had already walked out of the main entrance of the sub-bureau's office building. A few police officers were still a few steps behind him. They didn't leave, but they didn't go forward either, as if they were escorting him a thousand miles away. The lawyer with the surname Wu beside him said in a low voice, "Director Huang, those police officers are still following behind."

Huang Jinxiao snorted and said disdainfully, "Let them follow me. I reckon that they will only go back when I'm out of sight in the car."

The lawyer with the surname Wu nodded and said in a low voice, "That guy with the surname Song is really interesting. You don't even look up to that guy with the surname Lu, but he, as a captain, still wants to get close to you …"

Huang Jinxiao smiled disdainfully and didn't say anything more. In his eyes, that guy with the surname Song was even worse than a dog. He didn't even bother to say another word to him.

At this time, the lawyer with the surname Wu saw Li Mu's Benz G55 and said in surprise, "Director Huang, look, it's the license plate of the Government Offices."

Huang Jinxiao glanced sideways and said in surprise, "It's even the license plate of the Government Offices. It's not simple."

The big ministries and commissions in Yan Jing all had two sets of license plate numbers. One set was for their own use, and the other set was given to them as gifts to their relatives and friends. The total number of license plates for the former was very small. In addition to meeting the real needs of the government cars, it was usually amazing for a big ministry to have dozens of empty license plates. As for those who were given as gifts to their relatives and friends, the number of license plates was usually more than a few hundred. In other words, the value of the former was much higher than that of the latter. Moreover, more than 90% of the former was used as a government car. Since it could be hung on the Benz G55, it couldn't be the official car of the Government Offices. Therefore, it could be guessed that the identity of the owner was naturally not simple.

However, Huang Jinxiao just sighed. His own license plate was also the one used by the big ministries and the value was not much less than that of Li Mu's G55.

At this time, a Rolls-Royce was parked a few parking spaces away from Li Mu's G55. Next to it was a Toyota Land Cruiser. Seeing Huang Jinxiao approaching, a middle-aged man in his thirties got out of the Rolls-Royce. As soon as he got out of the car, he hurried to open the rear door. Four people also got out of the Land Cruiser. They were Huang Jinxiao's personal bodyguards. Since Huang Jinxiao was here, they naturally couldn't sit still in the car.

Before Huang Jinxiao reached the car, the lawyer surnamed Wu had already run a few steps and stood in front of the front passenger seat. He was waiting to send Huang Jinxiao to the car first, and then he would get in the front passenger seat. At this time, Li Mu quickly ran out of the police station, passed the policemen who were following behind, and grabbed Huang Jinxiao's arm. Before Huang Jinxiao turned around, he asked coldly, "Where is the real driver who caused the accident?"

The four bodyguards next to the Land Cruiser were so scared that they broke into a cold sweat. They thought they were in the police station so they were very relaxed. They just got out of the car and didn't notice where Li Mu came from. When the four of them reacted, they immediately surrounded him.

At this time, Huang Jinxiao turned around and looked at Li Mu. He tried to be patient and said, "Young man, the driver who caused the accident has turned himself in. This question is very strange."

When Li Mu thought about the whole process of Huang Jinxiao coming to the police station and the whole show he put on, he felt disgusted by this person's hypocrisy. He was even more furious. At this time, there was only one thought in his mind. If Huang Jinxiao didn't give him a satisfactory explanation and didn't hand over the real culprit, no matter how powerful he was, he would fight with him until the end!

Because of the anger in his heart, Li Mu grasped Huang Jinxiao's arm tightly, gritted his teeth and scolded, "Old bastard, don't f * cking play with me here. I don't care if the culprit is your father or your son, you must hand him over to me today!"