Chapter 90

Zhao Kang had experience in public relations in Yanjing, so Li Mu gave him the task of public relations with the DJ of Haizhou Music Station.

Unexpectedly, he settled the matter after dinner. At nine o 'clock in the evening, he called Li Mu and asked Li Mu to listen to the radio station.

Li Mu found his father's radio and adjusted the frequency. After the opening music, a male voice said, "Welcome to the I Love Pop Music program. The first song of today's I Love Pop Music program is recommended by Xiaohu. It is from the Simple Plan Band that recently won first place in the band competition in Nansu Province. I believe many listeners have seen the live performance of this song on TV, but today Xiaohu will bring you the official recording of this song. At midnight today, this song will just be released on the Easy Listening website. If listeners like the song of the Simple Plan Band, remember to pay attention to the second single of the Simple Plan Band, 'Sunflower', which will soon be released on the Easy Listening website worldwide."

Then, the music of 'Li Bai' was played.

In a prefecture-level city with an urban population of hundreds of thousands, there were at least thousands of people in front of the radio at this time.

Li Mu had been listening to this song for the past two days. He turned off the radio and called Zhao Kang back.

"Not bad, Kang. How did you get in touch with him?"

"Hey, that's nothing. I have a classmate who lives in the same neighborhood as Xiao Hu. This guy's monthly salary is only 1,000 yuan. I treated him to a meal and gave him 200 yuan. That's how it was done."

Li Mu didn't know whether to laugh or cry. It was really so simple.

Zhao Kang laughed at this time and said, "I just had dinner with him and am on the way back. The driver's radio is broken. Did you listen to it?

Are you satisfied? "

"Very good, completely in line with expectations."

"That's good."

Zhao Kang laughed and said, "I bought two mobile phones for my parents in the afternoon. I haven't had time to send them to them. I'll go home later and then go to your house to find you."

"Okay."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu wanted to look for Kong Lingyu to ask about the traffic situation. He did not expect Kong Lingyu to call him at the same time.

"Boss, at around 8 pm tonight, there was a new peak of traffic. At the same time, there were more than 150,000 online users. Boss, where did you get such a huge amount of traffic?"

"Use the search engine to search for a simple plan, then look at the search results and you will know. Also, you don't listen to the radio, right?"

"I don't have the time to listen to that … I'm going to search for a simple plan right now."

"Alright."

Just as Li Mu was about to hang up, Kong Lingyu said, "By the way, Boss, there are almost 300,000 unique IPs today. However, the number of registered users is a little low. There are less than 5,000."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "The low number of registered users is a common problem for this kind of website. How about this? Go and purchase three mobile phones and three MP3 players. Make the total investment less than 8,000 yuan. With these as the prize, organize a prize-winning registration event. Ask the art designer to make a promotional banner and place it at the top."

"Ah?

Why? "

Kong Lingyu could not keep up with Feng Yu's thinking. Most people in the internet industry were thinking about how to get money from their users. If they could not, they would make use of their users' traffic to make money. However, no one had ever spent money on their users.

Li Mu, on the other hand, understood this kind of marketing model very well. In the future, every app would have subsidies, red packets, and burn money in units of hundreds of millions. This was all to attract users. However, the current Internet industry had not yet entered the white-hot competition in the future and did not understand the marketing model of feeding users back.

But Li Mu felt that a small amount of investment could give users a strong motivation to register. So, why not?

To the netizens, phones and MP3 players were luxuries. If they could get them after registering, the conversion rate would be very high.

Li Mu didn't answer Kong Lingyu's question. Instead, he said, "Remember, the period before the lucky draw should be long enough, but not too long. For the time being, it's a period of seven days. Every seven days, a mobile phone prize and an MP3 player prize will be drawn randomly by the system. Every registered user has a chance to win, and the winners will be announced on the website."

"In addition, during the seven-day period of the lucky draw, users who continue to sign in every day will have a higher chance of winning. Users who sign in and listen to the music for more than an hour every day will have a higher chance of winning. Those who don't win this time will have a higher chance of winning next time."

The core of Li Mu's words was to increase the habitual use of users, so as to increase the loyalty of users indirectly. As for whether Kong Lingyu could understand it or not, Li Mu didn't care. It didn't matter if Kong Lingyu didn't understand it now. As long as he implemented it and saw the effect, he would naturally understand it.

Kong Lingyu accepted Li Mu's task with doubts and surprise. Then, he arranged for the artists to work overtime to make the banner while he prepared to buy the prizes tomorrow afternoon.

Li Mu hung up the phone and thought to himself, 'Let Yi Ting raise a group of users first. After a few days, when the number of users reaches a certain level, I can put my two songs up to test the effect. If the users like it, Yi Ting will have another unique source of content.'

…

When he had some free time, Li Mu would take the time to practice driving at the driving school. He could also see Su Yingxue on the way. However, after three beautiful reversing and moving cars into the garage, the instructor waved his hand. "You'd better not come and practice with others. Go back and wait for the exam."

Li Mu did not have the time to go to the driving school every day. Otherwise, he would let down Su Yingxue and Zhao Kang.

The renovation of the shop was progressing well. Li Mu had been going to take a look every day for the past few days. It was basically a different look every day. The huge spray painting advertisement he had hung at the door of the shop was also very effective. Many young people in Haizhou already knew that the local Metersbonway specialty shop had begun renovations. Furthermore, the shop was very large and looked very classy.

Unlike Kuo Tianwang, who was so lowly in 2015 that he became an Internet celebrity, the current Kuo Tianwang was indeed a Heavenly King with extraordinary influence.

The renovation of the shop was expected to be completed around August 15th. Li Mu needed to seize the time to place an order with the headquarters. According to the current pricing level given by the officials, the cost of goods per square meter in summer was about 800 yuan, and in winter it would cost 1,000 to 1,500 yuan. Li Mu's shop was 165 square meters, and the change of seasons was imminent. The cost of goods should be 1,000 yuan per square meter, which was less than 200,000 yuan and could be easily dealt with.

At the moment, the Easy Listening website was also very impressive. Because it had launched a banner advertisement for registered users to draw a prize, there were now more than 300,000 registered users. This also made Kong Lingyu admire Li Mu from the bottom of his heart.

Now, the radio stations in all the cities in the province were playing "Li Bai" on a loop. Some of it was because of the public relations factor, but also because of the appeal of the song itself. In short, this song was very popular, at least in Nansu Province.

On the third day of Xue Guilan's detention, "Li Bai" finally landed on the Shanghai Music Station. Once it was broadcasted, it caused a fanaticism among young people. Simple Plan accompanied "Li Bai" to land in first-tier big cities for the first time. Along with it, the Easy Listening website was also brought to the big cities. The daily traffic of the Easy Listening website had already exceeded 500,000, and the Internet Water Army was still overwhelming with publicity.

Li Mu gave Kong Lingyu a call and told him that he had found an independent singer and was preparing to publish his work on the Easy Listening website. He asked him to find an art designer to customize a banner, which was arranged for the second banner behind the simple plan. The content was: Easy Listening website exclusive singer Mu Zi's single "Zebra Zebra" – "Confessions of a Niche Folk Singer".

There was no photo, only a blurry back view of a person playing the guitar with his back to the camera.

Li Mu had no intention of becoming a star since his rebirth, so he only used the "stage name" Mu Zi to publish songs to increase the stickiness of the Easy Listening website's users.

Li Mu was not very confident in the two songs he had recorded. After all, these two songs were slightly niche folk songs, and the recording level was very rough. But at least it was something unique to the entire website. There would only be benefits if it was uploaded.

Kong Lingyu was naturally overjoyed. The development of the Easy Listening website was so rapid that he was much happier than Li Mu. Li Mu was a person who had been reborn and immersed in the Internet for many years, so he was much calmer than Kong Lingyu.

After Mu Zi's "Zebra Zebra Zebra" was released, it did not immediately gain a lot of popularity. Li Mu analyzed the behavior of the Easy Listening website's users and found that most of them directly listened to the simple plan after they came, and then began to search for the more popular singers, such as Jay Chou, Liang Jingru, Xie Tingfeng, and Yu Quan.

But Li Mu did not care. He would give it some time to slowly ferment.

Zhang Kexuan had been paying attention to the Easy Listening website recently, especially the data of the song "Li Bai" on the Easy Listening website. In just a few days, the song had been played more than a million times. This was not expected by the four people in the simple plan.

Opening the website to look at the data, Zhang Kexuan accidentally found the banner advertisement of Mu Zi's "Zebra Zebra Zebra". He was stunned and remembered that Li Mu had recorded a song with the same name before. Curious, he clicked on it and it was really Li Mu.

However, Li Mu did not sign his real name, but signed it as Mu Zi, which made Zhang Kexuan a little curious.

"Hello, Kexuan."

Li Mu, who was inspecting the progress of the shop, received a call from Zhang Kexuan.

"I saw" Zebra Zebra Zebra Zebra "on the Easy Listening website. Why didn't you use your real name?"

Li Mu said, "I don't want to be famous."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Actually, it's not bad to be famous …"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'd better do my own thing in peace. The entertainment circle is too exaggerated and not suitable for me."

Zhang Kexuan laughed and said, "If the name Mu Zi also becomes popular, won't you also become famous?

How can there be an airtight wall nowadays? "

Li Mu said, "Only the four of you and Sister Wan know that Mu Zi is mine, so you must keep it strictly confidential for me. If it is leaked, the four of you will bear the responsibility."

Zhang Kexuan quickly said, "Don't worry, I'll tell them now. I won't reveal anything about you at all!"

"That's more like it."

Zhang Kexuan hesitated for a moment and said, "By the way, we are going to go to the final in Beijing two days in advance to get used to it."

Li Mu looked at the time and said, "Isn't that tomorrow?"

"Yes."

Zhang Kexuan said, "We really hope that you can go with us, but I think you will definitely not agree."

"Indeed, I've been very busy recently and can't leave."