Chapter 101

On the first day of business, the sales volume reached an astonishing 106,000 yuan.

This meant that 503,000 yuan was deducted from the inventory today, which was almost one-third of the total inventory. Such a hot phenomenon caught Li Mu by surprise. This was simply unimaginable before.

The inventory problem was also very serious. In the afternoon, his aunt had already placed an order with the headquarters. The total amount of the order was about 150,000 yuan. The biggest problem was how to mail the goods as soon as possible.

When the headquarters learned about the booming sales here, they also sent someone to help solve the problem. In the end, they came up with a solution: 25% of the goods would be entrusted to a specialized automobile logistics company, which was the long-distance bus from Haizhou to Wen City. The bus would arrive the next morning, and their maximum carrying capacity was 25%. Therefore, the remaining 25% of the goods could be used for emergencies.

The remaining 30% would be transported by rail, but it would only arrive the day after tomorrow. The remaining 45% would also be transported by long-distance bus. Of which, 25% would have to wait for the second direct bus to Haizhou two days later, and the remaining 20% would first arrive at Jinling.

In a single day, Li Mu had received more than a hundred thousand in payment for the goods. Therefore, when it came to ordering, he was also rich and overbearing. As soon as he solved the problem of how to transport the goods worth one hundred and fifty thousand, he asked his aunt to order another one hundred thousand.

His aunt said that the storage area was not big to begin with, so it would not be able to store so many goods. However, Li Mu solved her concerns with the simplest method.

"Rent a private house in the district behind as a storage room. Leave a bedroom for people to stay in and let each of our employees take turns to work in the storage room for one night. They will be given 50 yuan per night as a shift allowance. In fact, it's just sleeping there for one night. Pay attention to fire, waterproof, and anti-theft, and solve any problems in time."

His aunt's eyes lit up. "Little Mu, you're so smart."

The rent of a private house was very cheap. The current three-bedroom house would not exceed 500 yuan per month, but the three-bedroom house was about 100 square meters, which was definitely enough to store the goods. Moreover, it was not far from the storage room. If there was a shortage of goods, they could send an employee to pick it up, and it would only take a few minutes for them to return. It was very suitable.

On the second day of business, his aunt found a suitable private house. What was even more coincidental was that his mother's house was on the third floor of the store, which was very convenient for them.

On the second day, there was a slight decrease in the sales volume. It was 95,000 yuan, but it still didn't exceed 100,000 yuan. However, it was still enough to surprise Li Mu.

After the shop was closed, Li Mu went home and received a call from Kong Lingyu. Kong Lingyu had developed the beta version of Tieba according to Li Mu's requirements and had started the internal testing.

Li Mu asked for the address of the closed beta and went to explore it himself. He found that from the layout of the page to the functions, it was similar to the Baidu Tieba. It was just that under Li Mu's request, each Tieba had developed a follow and check-in function. This was something that the early Baidu Tieba did not have. It was this minimalist product concept that made all the activities of the netizens in the community more efficient.

Li Mu was very satisfied with Kong Lingyu's work. He told him that if there were no problems with the internal testing, he should go online as soon as possible. However, during the internal testing, he must try his best to find all the bugs. He couldn't wait until it was online and discovered by the users before changing it. That would easily cause the loss of users.

Kong Lingyu firmly said that he would definitely do it. When Li Mu asked him for a time to go online, he gave him a time of five days later. Li Mu had no objections, so the two ended the conversation.

Tieba was a community project that Li Mu wanted to incubate with the help of Yi Ting. The most important thing about a community was not the product itself, but the gene and foundation of the community. Although Yi Ting was still far from being profitable, it had already gathered a considerable number of fans for Li Mu. Therefore, Li Mu wanted to use Yi Ting to lay a partial foundation for Tieba, which was a section for singers' Tieba. He would first convert Yi Ting's fans into Tieba's first batch of users, and then proceed with the second round of expansion.

At the same time, the rumor that Li Mu had asked Zhao Kang to spread on the internet about Wu Dong's hit-and-run incident had reached its peak.

Due to the high public attention, the incident was almost out of control when it was exposed. The police also organized people to delete the posts, but the process only lasted for a few hours. It was said that there was a power struggle within the municipal bureau. The second-in-command, Li Jiawei, was exposed to have accepted a bribe of three million from Wu Dong, and the deletion of the posts was also secretly organized by him. However, the third-in-command, Su Weimin, came out in time to cut off his escape route. His people directly found out that Li Jiawei's men were secretly deleting the posts, and then reported the matter to the first-in-command, Director Du Cheng.

Du Cheng was going to be transferred to the provincial bureau at the end of the year. Although he was the first-in-command in the Haizhou Municipal Bureau, his foundation was not solid enough. From the day he took office, the second-in-command, Li Jiawei, often went against him, which gave him a headache.

Li Jiawei was a native of Haizhou and had worked in the Haizhou Public Security System for more than 20 years. He had thought that he could become a director, but he did not expect his superiors to give him a first-in-command. He knew that this first-in-command had connections with the higher-ups, but he did not care.

He was in his forties and had little room for advancement in the system. In theory, the highest point of his career was the first-in-command of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau. The provincial bureau would never transfer someone of his age there. Even if he was transferred, he would definitely be demoted without any real power. Therefore, after a few years in this position, it was almost time for him to retire. Therefore, on the day Du Cheng took office, Li Jiawei wanted to push him away. If Du Cheng left, he would have a chance to be the director. If Du Cheng did not leave, he would reach the age of retirement in a few years, and he might not even be the director.

Because Du Cheng had always been at odds with Li Jiawei, he wanted to promote Su Weimin to the first-in-command position before he left. However, there was no effective way for him to do this. Su Weimin was young and did not have enough experience. He could only be Li Jiawei's second in-command, and Du Cheng could not openly help him in the provincial bureau. First, it was not worth it. Second, he was here to gain experience, and it was better not to let the leaders of the provincial bureau think that he had begun to support his confidant so early.

However, after Su Weimin reported this matter to Du Cheng, Du Cheng realized that his opportunity had come.

Regardless of whether the comments on the Internet were true or false, Li Jiawei asking someone to secretly delete the post was already a sign of his guilty conscience. After carefully analyzing the content on the Internet, Du Cheng and Su Weimin, who were both criminal police officers, felt that the words on the Internet were not far from the truth.

If Li Jiawei really took three million from Wu Dong, then Du Cheng would be very happy. Not only would he have completely avenged the past two years, but once Li Jiawei left, Su Weimin would take over as the director, and he would have his own subordinates in the local bureau.

Thinking of this, Du Cheng began to work.

After careful analysis, Du Cheng felt that it was not suitable for him to bring people to investigate this case. After all, Li Jiawei had a strong foundation, and the embezzled amount of three million would definitely make him angry. At that time, he would probably fight to the death with Du Cheng, which was not worth it. Moreover, even if he really succeeded, he would leave an extremely bad impression in the eyes of his colleagues in the future, saying that he was so cruel to his subordinates that he would be respected.

Therefore, Du Cheng decided to ask for help from the provincial office.

He called his old superior and complained to him in private. First, he told him about the case, and then he said that the public was very concerned about it. If he did not solve the case now, he would be scolded by the public. If he really followed the information on the Internet, he was afraid that Li Jiawei would do everything possible to stop him, or even make him a mere figurehead. Therefore, he asked his old superior for help and asked the provincial office to send people to investigate. If the case could be solved successfully, the relationship between the police and the public would definitely improve qualitatively, and the public would have a higher image in the eyes of the public.

Because there was a lot of content about this case on the Jinling Internet, Du Cheng's old superior also knew how bad the case was. As soon as he heard Du Cheng say that the deputy director was secretly deleting the post, he knew that the deputy director was probably involved in covering up for bribery. He immediately became furious. That night, he held an emergency meeting and selected an investigation team to go straight to Haizhou to thoroughly investigate the hit-and-run case.

This old superior also knew that a case with great public anger was tricky for the local officials, but it was a good thing for the provincial office. As long as the provincial office sent people down, regardless of whether the case could be solved or not, they would come down to collect faith, and the public would definitely give them a thumbs-up. It was a good thing, so why not?

The next morning, Haizhou Daily and Haizhou Morning News announced to the public that the provincial office had organized an investigation team overnight to deal with the hit-and-run case that happened a few days ago, and that they would arrive in Haizhou today to start investigating the case. When the public heard the news, they cheered and jumped for joy. They all posted that they were looking forward to the provincial office's investigation team bringing justice to the vegetable farmer couple who died in vain.

As soon as the news came out, Wu Dong was scared.

He called Li Jiawei, and the first thing he said was, "Chief Li, the people from the provincial office are coming down to investigate the case. What if they find out that I'm the culprit? What should I do?"

Li Jiawei could hear the panic in Wu Dong's voice. In fact, he was also anxious and panicking. He had accepted the three million yuan, but if they found out that he was the culprit, he would be done for.

Li Jiawei analyzed the stakes, and everything rested on Wu Dong. If the investigation team found Wu Dong and found a breakthrough point from him, he would be finished. Although he did not deserve to be sentenced to death, his career would be completely ruined, and he could not say how long he would stay in prison.

Therefore, Li Jiawei calmed himself down and said to Wu Dong, "You caused a death in a hit-and-run, and you will be sentenced to more than seven years in prison!

More importantly, you killed two people, and this incident has aroused public anger. If you fall into the hands of the judge, you will definitely be sentenced to more than ten years in prison! "

Wu Dong panicked.

He was not yet an energy tycoon who would shake Southern Su in the future. Right now, he was just a well-known coal dealer in Haizhou. It would be fine if he cleared up his local connections, but once the people from the province came to investigate him, he would not know where to send the money.

At this time, Li Jiawei gradually guided him, "In my opinion, you'd better run away. It would be best if you could go abroad to avoid the limelight."

Li Jiawei hoped that Wu Dong would run away, and he even hoped that he could escape overseas. If Wu Dong disappeared, it would be difficult to link the case to him.

However, when Wu Dong heard that, he did not fall for Li Jiawei's trick. Instead, he exploded and shouted, "Damn it, you want me to run away?

If I run away, won't I be telling the whole world that I did it? "

"But what if you get arrested if you don't run away?" Li Jiawei panicked and asked.

"Arrest me? I won't admit it!

Anyway, the car has been taken away. Where can the police find evidence of me killing people?

If they ask me where my car is, I'll say it was stolen. "

Li Jiawei's mind flashed, and he blurted out, "How about this? Find a trustworthy person and give him a sum of money. If they find you, ask him to come out and take the blame for you."

Wu Dong asked, "If they do, how long will the sentence be?"

"It's hard to say," Li Jiawei said. "The death penalty is out of the question. Seven years at most."

"Got it."

Wu Dong breathed a sigh of relief. As long as it was not a matter of life and death, it would be fine. He could pay some money and find someone to help him. He estimated that many people would fight for him if he offered a million.