Chapter 357

After Li Mu hung up the phone, he immediately began to think about how to settle the score with Geng Yang. Zhao Kang saw that he was livid and silent, so he couldn't help asking, "Is there any news?"

Li Mu nodded and told Zhao Kang what had happened. When Zhao Kang heard the whole story, he gritted his teeth in anger, "That bastard, how dare he pester Sister Wan! Does he think he's so great just because he has some money from his family?"

Li Mu said coldly from the side, "I will definitely make him pay the price for this matter."

Zhao Kang said, "Forget it. According to what you said, this guy has a powerful background and his family is powerful. We don't have any foundation in Beijing, so it's not easy to deal with this."

Li Mu said, "We can't just let it go like this. We'll deal with it according to the situation."

Then, Li Mu called Hui Ka Ming and asked him if he knew Geng Yang. Coincidentally, Geng Yang was there when Hui Ka Ming had dinner with his friends two days ago. According to him, Geng Yang was trying his best to get into the big circle in Beijing. He got to know a friend of Hui Ka Ming through a middleman, so he wanted to get to know Hui Ka Ming. He also bought a car from Cai Zhengmao and bought the same Ferrari as Cai Zhengmao to get to know Cai Zhengmao. At the same time, he hung out with Tang Quan all day long, and they would hang out with each other when they had nothing to do. He even tried to get close to Xu Jiahua through Tang Quan.

He was a young man who wanted to get into the upper class of the young generation in Beijing.

Li Mu asked Hui Ka Ming if he could get Geng Yang's number. Hui Ka Ming soon got Geng Yang's number. He gave it to Li Mu and asked Li Mu, "Why are you looking for that guy?

He doesn't look like a good guy. Don't get involved with him, or he won't be able to get rid of him. "

Li Mu didn't say that he had a grudge with Geng Yang. He just said that he wanted to ask him about something. Then he hung up and called Geng Yang.

At this moment, Geng Yang had already driven his Ferrari back to the city. On the way back, Tang Quan called him and said that Xu Jiahua wanted to have a party at his small villa in the afternoon. Three or four people who were usually on good terms with Xu Jiahua would be going back at that time. Tang Quan had already prepared more than ten young and beautiful wild models and C-list celebrities, ready to go later, so he wanted to pull Geng Yang along.

Geng Yang was annoyed that he couldn't stop Li Mu. His brain circuit was relatively simple. When he beat up Zhao Kang, he heard that Zhao Kang rented a car. He didn't doubt it, but he felt that it would be more difficult to find the guy who pretended to be cool with him that night.

However, after receiving Tang Quan's call, Geng Yang's mood suddenly improved. He had met Xu Jiahua two or three times, but at most, they had dinner together. It was Tang Quan who arranged it, but Xu Jiahua didn't take him seriously. He spent millions on Tang Quan just to get on Xu Jiahua's good side. The party that Tang Quan mentioned on the phone sounded like a very good opportunity.

Geng Yang drove alone and was going to find Tang Quan first. When he was driving, his phone suddenly rang. It was a strange number, but he didn't think much about it. He answered the phone and said carelessly, "Who is it?"

Li Mu asked him on the other end of the phone, "Are you Geng Yang?"

"I am, who are you?" Geng Yang's tone was slightly arrogant.

Li Mu said on the phone, "You beat my friend today. How are we going to settle this account?"

When Geng Yang heard this, he immediately scolded insolently, "F * ck, who the f * ck are you?

It's his honor that I beat him. If you don't accept it, I'll beat you too! "

Li Mu said coldly, "I was the one who taught you a lesson at the entrance of the TV station that day. Today you beat my brother. Let's settle the new account and the old account together."

"F * ck, it's really you!"

Geng Yang suddenly felt a burst of evil fire in his chest. He gritted his teeth and said, "I've been looking for you for a long time. Where the f * ck are you? I'm going to find you now. If I don't kill you, my surname isn't Geng."

Li Mu said, "Okay, but don't worry. I'm calling you today to tell you that my name is Li Mu, Mu Zi Li from the Ranch. This is my phone number. From today onwards, the grudge between us is settled. There's plenty of time in the future, and we'll settle this score slowly."

Li Mu wouldn't be stupid enough to ask him to fight. He was good at intelligence, not relying on who could find more fighters. So he hung up after he finished speaking. Geng Yang immediately called back, but Li Mu directly pressed the button and didn't even bother to answer.

Zhao Kang, who was lying on the bed, asked him, "What are you going to do with this guy?

I think even if you don't look for him, he'll come to you. "

Li Mu nodded and said with a self-deprecating smile, "Fortunately, he's a nouveau riche from another place. If he were a local born and raised here and had hundreds of millions of yuan, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to beat him."

Zhao Kang said, "That's right. People in the industry have a lot of surplus money at home, unlike people in the internet industry, whose families are full of empty checks."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It can't be said to be an empty check, it can only be considered an acceptance bill. It takes time to cash it out."

Zhao Kang smiled and said, "Then what do you think we should do?

If you tell him your information now, he'll definitely come to find trouble with you. "

Li Mu said, "Fortunately, he just arrived in Beijing and doesn't have any foundation here. Before he comes to find trouble with me, he'll definitely find out about it first. I don't think he'll really come to find trouble with me after he finds out about it. I'm just thinking about how to help you vent your anger."

Zhao Kang said, "I'm not a child anymore. Even if I get beaten up, I don't think I'll fight back."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "What I'm after isn't to fight back. Of course, it'd be best if I can fight back. What I'm after is how to give him a bigger blow. It'd be best if it's the kind where he can't make a comeback."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "His family owns a winery. I don't seem to have much of an impression of God Ji Laobaigan. Have you heard of this brand?"

Zhao Kang said, "I've heard of it. It's been quite famous for the past two years. It's been advertised everywhere. It doesn't have much of a market over there, but it's selling very well in the north. The two most popular types of liquor in Beijing are Erguotou and God Ji Laobaigan. They're different from Erguotou. Erguotou is a low-end liquor, but this God Ji Laobaigan's most successful product is a few high-end liquors. They're very well recognized in the market. Sometimes when I eat out, I find that all the slightly high-class restaurants basically drink this. Because of that, his low-end liquor is also selling very well."

Li Mu frowned and said, "It's that amazing?

Aren't high-end liquors all like Maotai and Wuliangye? "

Zhao Kang waved his hand and said, "It's not the same. Right now, God Ji Laobaigan is even more popular than these two brands in the north. It's mainly because of their good advertising. What's the slogan again? God Ji Laobaigan, showing the true heroism of northern men …"

"Damn, how vulgar."

Zhao Kang said, "Although it's vulgar, it's very popular among northerners. So, in order to show the so-called true heroism, they love to drink God Ji Laobaigan when they're outside. The high-end liquor starts at 200 yuan and can even go up to 1,000 yuan."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "Wait, let me make a call."

Then, Li Mu contacted Lin Lin. She knew so much gossip, so she should be well-informed about the various circles in Beijing.

Lin Lin was just scolding Li Mu for being rude after he hung up the phone. She didn't expect Li Mu to call her again. She picked up the phone and asked angrily, "What do you want this time?"

Li Mu hurriedly asked her, "How much do you know about Geng Yang's background?"

"Do I owe you or owe you?" Lin Lin asked in an unfriendly tone.

Li Mu quickly said, "Big Sis, please help me. It's really urgent."

Lin Lin said, "What does it have to do with me if you have urgent matters?"

Li Mu coaxed, "Big Sis, you can do me a big favor by just lifting a finger. I'll definitely remember this favor. I'll treat you to a meal later, really."

Lin Lin snorted and said, "I can help you, but there's a condition."

"Say it."

"Are there still a lot of props in your Happy Farm that haven't been released to the public?

The high-quality fertilizer that can be bought now can only shorten the time by an hour. It's basically useless for me to grow high-grade crops now!

Give me some higher-grade props! "

Li Mu said, "I'll help you ask. If you want to release higher-grade fertilizer, I'll ask them to give you more, okay?"

Lin Lin knew that Li Mu still kept his word, so she said with satisfaction, "Okay, say it. What do you want to know about that Geng Yang? I'll tell you first. I don't know much."

Li Mu said, "Tell me how much you know."

Lin Lin thought for a while and said, "I know that his family owns a winery, and his net worth should be more than a billion. He should be the richest in the area, but he's nothing in Beijing. However, he's the only son of his family, and he's very extravagant with his money. He's looking for people to join the circle, and he's very close to Tang Quan, who you beat up before."

Li Mu nodded. From the information that Hui Ka Ming revealed, Geng Yang now had three connections in three different circles. One was in Hui Ka Ming's circle, one was in Cai Zhengmao's circle, and the last was Xu Jiahua. Among them, he could be sure that Hui Ka Ming's circle would definitely not be on his side. As for Xu Jiahua, it was hard to say. Tang Quan had a deep grudge against him, and Xu Jiahua definitely hated him to the core. If Geng Yang joined them, then Xu Jiahua's circle would definitely support him. The remaining one was Cai Zhengmao, whom he didn't know.

Hence, Li Mu asked Lin Lin, "How's his relationship with Cai Zhengmao?"

"Nothing much."

Lin Lin said, "Cai Zhengmao told me that he doesn't even think much of him. It's only because he bought a car from Cai Zhengmao that he seems to be friends with him on the surface."

From the looks of it, he didn't really integrate into Cai Zhengmao's circle.

Li Mu then asked Lin Lin, "Other than that winery, does his family have any other businesses?"

"Nothing."

Lin Lin said, "His biggest goal in coming to Beijing is to find some projects to work on. His winery is doing well, and he can get a large sum of money by mortgaging it to the bank. It's said that he wants to do real estate in Beijing, but he doesn't have any connections yet."

Li Mu nodded and asked Lin Lin if there were any other details. Lin Lin thought for a long time, but she couldn't think of anything. Li Mu thanked her and hung up.