Chapter 661

This was the first time that Li Mu had such direct contact with Su Yingxue without any obstruction.

Su Yingxue raised her right arm the whole time and closed her burning eyes slightly. She almost didn't dare to look at Li Mu, let alone look at herself.

She felt that the warm water and Li Mu's irregular touch from time to time had burned her skin all over.

She could feel that Li Mu had always regarded her as his beloved. He carefully and gently washed and wiped her body, but he didn't do anything out of line. This made her feel that she was completely protected by Li Mu for the first time.

While Li Mu squatted down to wash her ankle, Su Yingxue opened her eyes and peeked at Li Mu. Maybe it was to show respect to Li Mu, Li Mu specially changed into a set of home clothes and entered the bathroom. Now his T-shirt and shorts were almost soaked. Seeing his T-shirt sticking to his back because of the water, Su Yingxue was moved and emotional. She suddenly realized that feelings were very important to the degree of intimacy between two people. Sometimes, the distance between the heart and the body was equal. If it was before today, it would have been difficult for her to accept Li Mu bathing her completely clean. But now, deep in her heart, she felt that, regardless of what happened today, her boyfriend was the founder of an Internet company with an immeasurable future. It was estimated that his net worth would be so high that she couldn't imagine it.

However, when Su Yingxue unconsciously thought of Li Mu's current amazing achievements, she would feel that everything in front of her began to become illusory and unreal. She felt that everything in front of her was like a dream. However, the scene of Cai Zhi being hit was still vivid in her mind. The series of scenes in her mind were terrifyingly real. It was a cruel reminder that everything in front of her was real. She accidentally lost a roommate and good friend today. At the same time, she unexpectedly found out that her boyfriend was the founder of an Internet company with an immeasurable future. It was estimated that his net worth would be so high that it was beyond her imagination.

For Su Yingxue, deep in her heart, she had complaints about Li Mu. No matter what, she was his girlfriend. He once told her that he would stay together forever. He also confessed to her with the song "Rice Shop" in front of the whole school. He was even willing to write a song for her, but he was unwilling to tell her what he had done outside. No matter how Li Mu explained, she still felt that Li Mu had never really opened his heart to her.

However, when she thought about it carefully, Li Mu did not even tell his own parents about starting a business. Su Yingxue somewhat understood Li Mu's approach. There were few people who started a business right after entering university. He was almost the only person like him who could create 3321 and an Internet company at the same time. Makino Technology was developing so fast. She could imagine how much energy and effort Li Mu had invested in it. When he concentrated his energy to achieve something, he would inevitably rush forward desperately. At this time, how could he allow others to distract him and slow him down?

Even his parents could only keep it a secret for the time being, let alone her.

Thinking about this, Su Yingxue also understood Li Mu's approach in her heart. However, as soon as this problem was solved, another problem came to her mind. She did not know how much Li Mu had now, but since he was the founder of Makino Technology, for a company with a valuation of at least several billion, Li Mu's net worth should be at least "hundreds of millions". This amount was not as simple as it was said. It made Su Yingxue realize that the gap between her and Li Mu had suddenly become bigger. Su Yingxue did not know how to face the huge gap between her and Li Mu in the future.

While thinking about it, Su Yingxue felt even more tired. Fortunately, Li Mu was gently taking care of her, using the right water temperature and gentle hands to make Su Yingxue feel rare relaxation.

Li Mu carefully washed Su Yingxue's body. He used a towel to dry the water droplets on her body, and then helped her put on his large T-shirt. After that, he said to her, "Go to bed and have a rest. I'll take a shower."

Su Yingxue nodded with flushed cheeks. She glanced at the set of underwear on the towel rack. She wanted to say something, but she was too embarrassed to say it. Li Mu followed her gaze, then said with a smile, "I'll wash it by hand later, and then dry it in the washing machine for you. It will be dry tomorrow morning."

Su Yingxue lowered her eyelids and said softly, "Thank you for your hard work."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, go out. I'll take a shower."

Su Yingxue nodded and turned to leave the bathroom.

Li Mu took a quick shower, and then washed Su Yingxue's underwear. After a busy time to dry the clothes, Li Mu returned to the bedroom. Su Yingxue was lying on the bed in a daze. Seeing Li Mu come in, her pretty face blushed again. Tonight, she would not sleep in separate rooms with Li Mu like before. She just wanted to curl up in Li Mu's arms like a wounded kitten, because only in his arms could she sleep peacefully.

After the process of helping Su Yingxue take a shower just now, Li Mu's mind was clear, and there was no lewd thought at all. He naturally lay on the bed, naturally put his arms behind Su Yingxue's head, let her use his arms as a pillow, and said softly in her ear, "Are you tired today?"

Su Yingxue nodded in Li Mu's arms and said softly, "One day feels more difficult than a year."

Li Mu said, "You still have to hurry up and adjust your mentality. When everything is solved, life has to go on."

Su Yingxue sighed slightly, "It's okay for me, but I'm afraid that Zhi's parents won't be able to walk out of it for the rest of their lives. Zhi is an only child."

Li Mu nodded in understanding. The concept of families that lost their only child was a product of the one-child system, but it had not become a topic that society paid attention to yet. Li Mu thought of many reports about families that lost their only child in the future and sighed, "If they want another one, it should be possible now. It's not a big problem for them to give birth at 40 or 50 years old, and 20 million is enough for them to have another child and give him the best life."

Su Yingxue nodded lightly and said, "If it's possible, of course it's best."

After saying that, she sighed again, "I don't know when Zhi's parents will arrive in Beijing. If they arrive, I have to pick them up and accompany them the whole time to solve the problem. But Zhi's phone is still with the police, and I can't contact them."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll make a call and ask."

Su Yingxue asked, "Do you have their contact information?"

Li Mu said, "I'll ask a friend to look for Chief Gu and ask him to call the people from the Western District Branch."

As he said that, Li Mu's phone on the bedside table rang. It was a call from an unknown number. After the call was connected, the person on the other end of the phone said respectfully, "Hello, Li Zong, I'm Lu Changyong. I hope I didn't disturb your rest by calling so late at night."

"Oh, hello, Chief Lu," Li Mu replied and said, "I was just about to call you. Have you contacted the family of the deceased?

When will they arrive in Beijing? "

Lu Changyong hurriedly said, "Li Zong, I just called to talk about this. My people just reported that the train that the deceased's parents took will arrive at Beijing West Station at 6: 30 tomorrow morning. I want to ask you about the arrangements here. If there's a need, I'll send someone to pick them up."

Li Mu said, "Then please send a few good-looking police officers over. It's best if they're female police officers. My girlfriend and I will also pick them up at the station tomorrow morning."

Lu Changyong said, "Okay, then I'll make the arrangements."

Li Mu said, "Oh right, please help me contact the funeral home. If the victim's family has any related needs, I'll have to trouble you to arrange it."

"Of course, of course." Lu Changyong agreed without hesitation and said, "Don't worry, I'll make the arrangements."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "Cai Zhi's parents will arrive at 6: 30 tomorrow morning. If you want to pick them up, I'll go with you tomorrow morning."

Su Yingxue said, "You must have a lot of things to do tomorrow, right?

Don't bother with me. I'll accompany them. Aren't there police officers to accompany them? "

Li Mu still wanted to insist, but Su Yingxue said again, "You must have other important things to do, and to be honest, it's not good for them if you accompany them. After all, you have nothing to do with Cai Zhi, unlike me. I'm Cai Zhi's roommate for at least a year. Her parents also know me."

Li Mu thought about it carefully and felt that it made sense. For Cai Zhi's parents, they must be extremely sad, so Su Yingxue could give them some comfort. If he went with them, it might be even more awkward for them.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "Go to sleep first. I'll send you there tomorrow morning. At that time, you and the police will accompany them to solve the follow-up matters. I'll transfer my assistant to help solve some of the problems in life, such as accommodation, food, transportation, and so on."

After buying the villa in Ziyun Villa, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah for a temporary personal assistant. Lin Ching-ah chose a girl from Makino Technology, who was efficient and discerning, Li Ziwei. Li Mu was very satisfied with Li Ziwei's work, so he planned to let her follow him to solve some basic needs for Cai Zhi's parents.

Su Yingxue didn't refuse. Of course, it was better to have someone to help arrange these things. Therefore, Li Mu called Li Ziwei and told her about the situation. He asked her to go to Yan Jing West Railway Station to find Su Yingxue tomorrow morning.

After arranging everything, Li Mu turned off the bedside lamp, hugged Su Yingxue, and said softly in her ear, "Go to sleep, baby. We have to get up early tomorrow."

Su Yingxue nodded gently. She looked at Li Mu in the dark and said softly, "It's good to have you here."

Su Yingxue slept particularly well in Li Mu's arms. After going through so much, being able to sleep in Li Mu's arms without distractions was a great help to her mental state.

Su Yingxue, who had always been determined to be a strong woman in her previous life, had never been so dependent on someone's arms and his embrace like today. She curled up in Li Mu's arms and hugged Li Mu. That feeling was especially solid. When she turned over unconsciously, Li Mu would also turn over and hug her from behind. This feeling gave her an unprecedented sense of security. That night, she hugged Li Mu tightly.