Chapter 622

Ziyun Villa was a famous luxurious villa district in Yan Jing City. It was known as the most unique and quiet place in Yan Jing City. Not only was its location convenient for transportation, but it was also adjacent to the Asian Games Village and the future Olympic Forest Park. The environment and greenery were impeccable. Other than this place, if one wanted to find a villa district with such an environment, they would have to look outside the Sixth Ring Road.

The property management of Ziyun Villa was very strict. Even if Li Mu drove a car worth millions, he wouldn't be able to enter without a card. Even if he parked his car outside and walked in, he would need a card or an invitation from the property owner.

The car stopped at the side of the road, and the real estate agent said, "I'll call the property owner and ask him to tell the property management that his key is also in custody. After he's done talking to the property management, we can go in and get the key to view the house."

Li Mu nodded. The real estate agent took out his phone and called the property owner. After explaining the situation, he gave Li Mu's license plate to the property owner. Then, he hung up and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, please wait for a moment. After the property owner gives your license plate number to the property management, we can go in. Also, he will ask someone from the property management to bring the key over to open the door for us."

After a while, the security guard was informed to let them in. Li Mu drove in. This road was relatively familiar to him because this was his third time coming to this district. The first two times were with Zhao Ziqiu.

Li Mu still clearly remembered how to get to Zhao Ziqiu's house. The road that the real estate agent gave him happened to pass by Zhao Ziqiu's villa. Li Mu glanced at it. Fortunately, the door was closed.

Ziyun Villa was very large, and the area ratio was very small. Therefore, the distance between each villa was very far. Li Mu passed by Zhao Ziqiu's villa and drove for about seven to eight hundred meters. When he was about to reach the man-made lake, the real estate agent pointed at a villa by the lake and said, "Mr. Li, it's that one."

Li Mu looked up and fell in love with this villa at first glance.

The villa was right next to the lake, and the artificial lake in Ziyun Villa was very large. The scenery was very good, and this villa was in this location. It could be said to be blessed.

Li Mu stopped the car in front of the villa and looked at the exterior from the outside. The villa faced the south. Different from the surrounding villas, its second and third floors had been completely changed into a sunroom design with floor-to-ceiling windows. It was more fashionable and modern than the surrounding villas.

The people from the real estate company quickly drove over in a golf cart. After confirming the car plate number and the identity of the real estate agent, they opened the door for them. The real estate agent brought Li Mu and Zhao Kang in. On the left was a completely enclosed garage, and on the right was a private garden. However, the owner didn't live here, so the private garden was basically abandoned. However, it could be imagined that if it was filled with lawns and flowers, it would definitely be very beautiful.

The real estate agent introduced, "Mr. Li, this villa belongs to the third phase of Ziyun Villa's project. It was just delivered last year. It covers a total area of one thousand three hundred square meters. The enclosed garage on the left has four parking spaces. The main building area is two floors plus a viewing platform. There are six bedrooms, three living rooms, one kitchen, and four bathrooms. The total building area is more than six hundred square meters. In addition, it comes with a basement of one hundred and fifty square meters. The owner has already changed the basement into an entertainment room. It is very practical.

You can take a closer look when you go in later. "After entering the villa, the decoration of the house was indeed very luxurious. It was commendable that the decoration style of the house was not as magnificent as the local tycoons liked, nor was it overflowing with all kinds of high-end wooden furniture. The overall decoration was very modern, luxurious, and not lacking in practicality. Moreover, the design of the entire house was very complete. The division of the open kitchen, cloakroom, and video and entertainment room was very reasonable. There was even an internal small lift that led from the basement to the first, second, and third floors. The lift weighed three hundred kilograms, and it was just right for home use. This design was very common in western villas, but it should be very rare in China.

The decoration and furniture of every room were also very exquisite. Basically, all of them were imported famous products. Not to mention the other things, just the mattresses in all the bedrooms were Duxiana. Li Mu did not know what it was, but the real estate agent told him that the owner had spent more than a million just to equip the mattresses in these six rooms. Li Mu and Zhao Kang tried to lie down on it. The first thought that came to Li Mu's mind was that it was so comfortable that he did not want to get up at all.

Li Mu and Zhao Kang basically endured the shock in their hearts as they finished looking at the entire house. Although the two of them were already the standard local tycoons, their lives were far from such a luxurious level. When the two of them stood on the viewing platform on the third floor and looked at the tranquil and beautiful scenery of the artificial lake, Zhao Kang took advantage of the fact that the real estate agent was not by his side and said to Li Mu in a low voice with a face full of excitement, "Damn, this villa is so f * cking luxurious!

After looking at it and thinking about the houses we saw today, it's simply heaven and earth. If you ask me, don't hesitate and just buy this one! "

In fact, Li Mu did not hesitate in his heart. After looking at this villa, he had basically locked on to his target. More than 30 million was not a lot, but the price was indeed on the high side. However, it was rare that he liked everything about this villa and could not find any fault with it. Therefore, there was no need to think too much and could directly buy it.

Just as he was thinking, Li Mu looked down and saw a rather familiar person standing on the green land by the lake outside the villa. When he took a closer look, he found that it was Wang Yuanlang. He could not help but be shocked. He had relied on the owner's phone to get in. Their Benz definitely could not get in. This community was heavily guarded. How did he get in?

However, Li Mu was only surprised for a moment and soon felt relieved. After all, he was from the special forces. If he could not even get in with the community's security, it would not make sense.

Then again, this Wang Yuanlang was really dedicated to his work. He came in to look at a house, and he also followed nearby to watch?

He did not know if Zhou Zhan and Wu Xuewen had also come in. Maybe they were nesting near the villa.

At this time, the real estate agent walked up to the observation deck and asked Li Mu tentatively, "Mr. Li, are you satisfied with this house?"

Li Mu nodded and asked her, "What is the owner's offer?"

The real estate agent said, "33 million. The owner said that the renovation of the whole house cost seven to eight million."

Zhao Kang could not help but ask, "Can the price be negotiated?"

The real estate agent said with some apology, "When the owner entrusted us before, he said that this price is fixed and not negotiable."

Zhao Kang frowned and said, "You can bargain when you buy a dog, but you can't give a discount when you buy a house that costs more than 30 million?"

The real estate agent was a little embarrassed by Zhao Kang's strange analogy. She could only bite the bullet and say, "Sir, this is not decided by us, but by the owner. We have no right to interfere. We can only sell it according to the owner's entrusted price."

As she said that, the real estate agent looked at Li Mu, hesitated for a while, and said, "By the way, Mr. Li, if you are interested in this house, I have to tell you in advance that our commission is 2% of the transaction price. You will also need to bear this."

Zhao Kang's eyes widened. "The buyer also has to pay for this?

Isn't the other 2% a little too much? "

The real estate agent could only explain, "The commission is set by our company. The commission for high-end real estate is slightly higher than that for ordinary real estate. Moreover, our company is the strongest high-end real estate agent in Yanjing, and we also have the most houses. For this house, the owner only entrusted us with the agency …"

Zhao Kang kept saying that it was too much, but Li Mu did not care. It was rare for him to meet something he liked, so spending more money was just a respect and satisfaction for his preferences. Therefore, he simply said to the real estate agent, "Okay, I want this house. Help me make an appointment with the owner. I want to close the sale as soon as possible."

The real estate agent did not react for a while. She was stunned for a moment before asking Li Mu, "Do you mean you want to buy this house?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, communicate with the owner and ask him when the transfer can be completed."

The real estate agent was a little dizzy from excitement. She did not expect that Li Mu would really decide to buy this house. Although this house was indeed very good, the price was indeed a lot higher. Many people had come to see it and were very satisfied with the house, but they were very dissatisfied with the price. At this price, if they bought an identical house and renovated it according to the original, they could at least save a few million. Moreover, people who bought second-hand houses almost had a habit, which was to lower the price of the other party's renovation. If you spend a few million to renovate it, I am not interested. You can either sell it to me at a discount or take it away yourself. Anyway, don't expect me to pay for it all.

However, the owner of this house was also very interesting. He did not give any potential buyers a chance to lower the price of the renovation at all. His request to the real estate agent was: 33 million, the buyer would pay the commission, and the buyer would contact him if they accepted this price. He did not give any chance to bargain at all.

Zhao Kang also felt that the price was indeed too high, but Li Mu did not think so. From the renovation of this house, the owner must have put a lot of effort into it. This house might not be a property to the owner, but more of a condensation of his blood and sweat. It was understandable that the price was higher. Moreover, if the price of this house was not so high, it would have been sold long ago, and he would not even have a chance to look at it.

The real estate agent made a call to the owner. After the communication, she ran to Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, the owner said that he is now in Shanghai. If you are sure that you want this house, pay a 10% deposit first. The deposit will be collected by our company. After you pay the deposit, he will come from Shanghai to complete the transfer procedures with you. After the deposit is paid, if you go back on your word, the money will not be refunded …"

Li Mu thought that this owner's requirements were really not ordinary. However, seeing that this house was so perfect, he would give in to him this time. So he said to the real estate agent, "Let's go to your company to pay the deposit."