Chapter 433

When Chen Hui asked, "Where is she now?", he sincerely hoped and prayed that Hu Zichen would tell him that she was in Shenzhen.

Because when he heard from Hu Zichen that Zhang Yao hadn't been in a relationship for the past few years after graduation and was still brooding over their breakup, he was already sure that Zhang Yao definitely didn't betray him back then. It was his own petty heart that caused him to miss out on the chance to be with her.

In the past few years, he had always been thinking about the girl who had exchanged her first time with him. If she was really in Shenzhen, he would immediately ask for her address and leave without hesitation. No matter what, he must find her immediately. Immediately! Immediately! Immediately! Immediately!

However, Hu Zichen's answer instantly made his heart's expectations go up in smoke.

"In Beijing. After we graduated, we both drifted to Beijing."

Chen Hui was annoyed and couldn't help but shout in his heart, "Why didn't she come to Shenzhen!

Why didn't she come to Shenzhen!

This is the bridgehead of reform, a star city full of opportunities!

Why didn't she come!

At this time, Hu Zichen asked Chen Hui, "Where are you now?

I heard that you were in Shenzhen some time ago? "

Chen Hui felt a little lost, but he still controlled his fingers with difficulty and typed a reply, "Yes, I came to Shenzhen after graduation to look for opportunities."

"Shenzhen is also quite good, I heard that there are opportunities everywhere." Hu Zichen said, "Oh right, add me as a friend!"

Chen Hui instinctively asked her, "What's your QQ number?"

Hu Zichen said, "Aiya, you directly added me in the group. YY is so convenient, who would still use QQ in the future!"

After saying that, Hu Zichen added another sentence, "Oh right, Zhang Yao is also online, do you want to add her?"

Chen Hui hesitated for a moment. Although he was struggling in his heart, he still replied, "I won't add her, it'll be awkward."

Hu Zichen said, "What's there to be awkward about? Maybe you two can continue your relationship. Oh right, are you still single?"

Chen Hui said, "I am, single."

Hu Zichen said, "Then change your contact with her again!"

Chen Hui said, "Forget it for now, it's better not to contact her for now."

Hu Zichen asked in surprise, "Why?"

Chen Hui replied, "It's not the right time yet." But in his heart, he was thinking, I want to resign!

I want to go to Beijing!

Now! "

He was all alone in Shenzhen City. He lived in a rented house. His biggest possession in Shenzhen City was a bicycle. Besides his current job and his dream for the future, there was nothing else in Shenzhen City.

Dreams were important, but at this moment, Chen Hui felt that dreams could be realized no matter where they were, but it was not always possible to reunite with the person he had missed. If he smiled bitterly and threw what Hu Zichen had told him to the back of his mind, then he might not have the chance to see Zhang Yao again in this lifetime. However, if he resigned now and went to Beijing, then he would definitely be able to reunite with her again. Regardless of whether the two of them had the chance to be together, at least she would be able to give him an explanation.

Therefore, Chen Hui immediately stood up and said to a team member beside him, "You quickly call President Zhang and tell him about the YY!"

The team members around him had been quietly watching Chen Huiqun chat. When they saw him stand up, they couldn't help but ask him, "Boss, where are you going?"

Chen Hui said impatiently, "I want to go to the train station!

Buy a ticket to Beijing! "

"Ah?"

The people around him looked at him with their mouths agape. However, when they thought about the content of the chat that they had peeked at behind him, all of them understood his actions very well and even admired him.

One of them said, "Boss, if you settle sister-in-law, you must inform us when you hold a wedding banquet!"

Chen Hui was slightly stunned. After a moment, he realized that this group of guys had been peeking at his chat. However, he didn't care about it. Instead, he laughed excitedly. "Okay, if it's really done, I'll give you wedding candies when I come back!"

After saying that, Chen Hui packed his backpack and ran out.

He could be said to be quite irrational at the moment, but he felt that his decision was made after careful consideration. No matter what the outcome was, he would not regret today's decision.

As for whether it was somewhat against his professional ethics to resign like this, Chen Hui couldn't care less now.

The popularity of YY had already ignited a raging fire online, but offline, many people didn't feel that an unprecedented change was happening on the Internet.

For the higher-ups of Teng Xun, the news had spread from the maintenance team on duty, layer by layer on the Internet. By the time it reached Boss Ma, it was already ten o 'clock at night.

When Boss Ma hurriedly turned on his computer, wanting to see how terrifying his enemy was, Li Mu sent Zhao Ziqiu back to Yanjing University. Kong Lingyu called him again to report on the situation of being online for two hours.

Ten minutes ago, the number of registered users broke through the six million mark and reached 6.38 million. It was simply terrifying. At this time, the number of people online on the domestic Internet at the same time was only about ten million, and more than half of them had signed up for YY.

The background monitoring data showed that YY had begun to play its role. There were a million chat groups, and more than three billion messages were sent within two hours. On average, there were more than two thousand messages in each group.

At the same time, the number of users of YY had reached 4.5 million, and the number of people who had recharged reached 1.2 million. The total amount of recharge exceeded ten million.

The YY membership service was also very popular. The privileges of YY membership included roaming in the chat history, red name pinned on the display, invisible visibility, invisibility, and the creation of the 500 National People's Congress group, and other privileges. It attracted 1.6 million people to buy the membership service. The average purchase time was 2.4 months, and the total sales reached 40 million.

All of this happened in the two hours between eight and ten o 'clock.

In two hours, it was just a movie, but Makino Technology's YY gained more than six million users and more than 50 million in revenue!

The most terrifying thing was that it was not an online game, but a software, an instant messaging software.

This kind of performance was unprecedented and unheard of in the domestic Internet industry!

Li Mu understood in his heart that Makino Technology was really going to be popular. Tieba was awesome, and Happy Farm was awesome, but these two products were not enough to push Makino Technology to the top of the domestic Internet industry. However, once YY had ten million users, Makino Technology would become a well-deserved first-tier company in the domestic Internet industry, and it would be the best of the best.

YY, together with the YY group function, caused a huge change in the instant messaging behavior of all domestic users. That night, YY group reshaped the traditional one-to-one relationship of instant messaging software. Now, the network of netizens began to move closer to a normal network. Not only could they make many friends, but they could also chat with many friends at any time, anywhere. Instant messaging was fundamentally different from products like Tieba, forums, and other products.

At this moment, the network also began to expand rapidly. The diffusion of the network, which was almost zero on the Internet before, began to be displayed incisively and vividly. Entering a group, meeting a bunch of new friends, or finding a bunch of old friends, similar to what happened to Chen Hui tonight, also happened to thousands of others. Being touched and surprised accompanied YY, and became the two most important keywords at the beginning of YY.

At the same time, the netizens were constantly praising YY on the Internet. The newly established YY Tieba was flooded with all kinds of praises. Li Mu let all the netizens experience the thrill of climax in advance.

Chen Hui queued for a long time at the Shenzhen City train station at night and bought a hard seat ticket to Beijing that would depart at eight o 'clock tomorrow night.

An ordinary train from Shenzhen City to Beijing would take more than thirty to forty hours. If it was a sleeper, it would still be bearable, but a hard seat would be too painful. However, Chen Hui did not feel that way. He thought to himself that he would not be coming back after going to Beijing this time. When he got there, not only would he have to find Zhang Yao, but he would also have to find a job, a house, and find a way to gain a foothold in Beijing. All these were still unknown, so he had to economize and save more money just in case. As for how tired a hard seat would be after forty hours, he did not care because his mind was filled with Zhang Yao. He almost did not feel any fatigue.

Chairman Ma used half an hour to carefully study all the functions of the YY software, as well as its deep integration with Tieba, Happy Farm, and the Easy Listening Network. When he finished studying all these, he felt as if he had been struck by lightning. He sat in front of his computer, his heart dead.

He had never expected that Makino Technology would actually brew such a killer weapon. YY was simply a one-hit kill weapon. After it was used, his confidence was completely shattered in an instant. Compared to other users, Chairman Ma had a more thorough understanding of YY.

Compared to other users, President Ma had a more thorough understanding of YY. He understood the soil that nourished YY. It was the fertile soil and abundant fertilizer that came from Tieba and Happy Farm. Moreover, YY was not a seed, but a big tree that had been secretly planted. Now, the big tree was just beginning to unveil its veil. He also understood the current strategic intentions of Mu Ye Technology. In fact, everything that Mu Ye Technology had done in the past was just to serve as a foil to YY. They were all positioned as accessories to YY.

YY now had users and user connections. There was a large community like Tieba, a national game like Happy Farm, a YY show, YY pets, and the Easy Listening Network. In short, Makino Technology had built a complete ecological chain around YY. It was just that the core of this chain had never emerged before, and he had never really realized their intentions.

Chairman Ma even accidentally saw the easter egg left by Li Mu.

In the past, the domain name of the personal space of Tieba was a hierarchical domain name under this top-level domain name. At that time, he did not ponder why the personal space was defined as YYZONE. It was not until today that he discovered that the personal space of Tieba had officially changed its name and was still being redirected to the old domain name.