Chapter 327

Liu Shixiong was a little depressed because of Li Mu's attack. He had not thought through the Internet and his online sales model very thoroughly. After all, he was not the Liu Shixiong who was looking for a counterattack in a desperate situation. He was the Liu Shixiong who saw how successful Li Mu was and realized that the Internet had a greater opportunity. With an impetuous and envious mentality, he wanted to try it out.

For Li Mu, of course, he had to ruthlessly destroy Liu Shixiong's idea. It was not only because he harbored evil intentions and wanted to use Liu Shixiong for himself, but also because of another very big reason: SARS had not come!

Before SARS came, Li Mu dared to say that no one in the country could really do e-commerce well. Whether it was the business-to-customer B2C model like Jingdong or the customer-to-customer C2C model like Taobao, it was impossible to play it well!

The SARS in 2003 made the people of the country fearful, so they actively avoided face-to-face interaction with people and actively looked for other ways to replace close offline interaction. This was a necessary prerequisite for promoting the development of e-commerce in the history of Internet development in Hua Xia. In this social context, online transactions would become the savior of the people of the country and have the opportunity to achieve a perfect start.

Liu Shixiong was successful in Jingdong during the SARS period. Now, there was an 80% chance that he would be dead. If he invested heavily in it, he would probably be bankrupt before the SARS began.

Alibaba's Boss Ma was successful in Taobao during the SARS period. Now, there was an 80% chance that he would also be dead. Without the impetus of history, if one wanted to succeed, they would have to put in ten or even a hundred times the effort. It was even more difficult to steal a chicken.

At this time, the only person who could do a good job in e-commerce was probably Li Mu. Because he had users in his hands!

Because he had his own information delivery channel!

Because he had his own payment channel!

Because he was about to have his own paying online users!

The last reason was that Happy Farm's Item Shop was about to be released.

Whether it was the Taobao model or the Jingdong model, Li Mu's Tieba and Happy Farm would be able to quickly push his products in front of tens of millions of users and quickly attract their attention. Then, he would use Alipay to convert them into paying customers. Therefore, Li Mu was the only person who had achieved success in the e-commerce industry. Only he could make e-commerce bigger and stronger without relying on SARS. Other than him, no one else could!

Not Joyo, not Yi Qu, not Alibaba!

Just as Liu Xiaodong was sighing helplessly, Li Mu suddenly changed the topic and said, "Liu Shixiong, your heavy asset model is indeed very difficult to work, but if you really want to do e-commerce, you can wait a bit. I'm now preparing related e-commerce projects, we can cooperate when the time comes."

Liu Shixiong's eyes brightened up again. He asked Li Mu in surprise, "Let's work together?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right. We can invest together to set up a company that specializes in e-commerce. We just need to invest according to the ratio."

Liu Shixiong was overjoyed. He did not have any successful experience in the field of the Internet or e-commerce. He did not even have any practical experience, but Li Mu was different. He had already built a big Internet company in half a year. Compared to him, there was indeed a world of difference. He was already very excited that Li Mu was willing to give him some pointers. Why would he ask to start a business with him?

Liu Shixiong himself did not know how much power he could have in the field of the Internet or e-commerce. He did not know, but Li Mu knew. What he really needed now was a right-hand man with strong foresight, strong ability, and strong management skills. Or rather, a business partner. Kong Lingyu was from a technical background. He could manage a technical team of tens of people, but managing a hundred people would probably be a mess. Lin Ching-ah indeed had management skills, but she did not have enough work experience. Management positions were different from technical positions. There were geniuses in technical positions who did not need experience to do well. There were almost none in management positions. The best management team basically started from two or three people to hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of people. Only by continuously increasing their management experience could they become a real management genius.

Currently, Li Mu did not have such a management genius by his side. Liu Shixiong happened to be one.

If he could recruit him to do e-commerce together, then Li Mu would really be able to heave a huge sigh of relief. At that time, he would not have to worry about doing B2C and C2C together.

Liu Shixiong was still immersed in the joy of Li Mu's initiative to start a business with him. When Li Mu saw him smiling foolishly without saying anything, he could not help but ask, "Senior Brother, what do you think?"

Liu Shixiong, who was in the midst of joy, suddenly realized that he was so happy that he actually forgot to agree first.

This was the rhythm of a great person wanting to help him. If he missed this opportunity, he was afraid that he would never have this opportunity again.

Therefore, Liu Shixiong immediately said, "As long as you like me, when the time comes, I will sell everything I have to do to work with you."

This sentence of Liu Shixiong also expressed a hidden attitude: I am willing to be a partner with you at all costs. Since it is a partnership, I must own a share. It does not matter if I need to invest to own a share, I will even sell everything I have. I am just afraid that you only want me to work for you and not let me own a share, or only let me own a very small share. If that is the case, it will be very awkward.

After all, Liu Shixiong was a boss with a net worth of tens of millions. It was impossible for him to be an employee in the Internet field.

Of course, Li Mu understood what he meant. Co-investment was necessary because only then could he mobilize the absolute enthusiasm and ability of Liu Shixiong. However, the proportion of investment was also particular. For the e-commerce project, Li Mu must be the major shareholder. If he really did it together with Liu Shixiong, he must own at least 70% of the shares.

However, Li Mu did not make it too clear now. In his plan, the e-commerce project could only start in the second half of this year. In the first half of this year, his energy was on Makino Technology and YY.

Immediately, Li Mu said to Liu Shixiong, "Senior, rest assured. As long as the project starts, I will definitely co-invest with you as a partner. As for the proportion of investment, we will discuss it in detail when the time comes. It is too early to say it now."

Liu Shixiong was waiting for Li Mu to say this. As long as there was an explanation, he could rest assured. As for the proportion, it was indeed meaningless to talk about it now. If he asked for too little, he would definitely regret it in the future. If he asked for too much, he would definitely regret it in the future. If he asked for too much, he would definitely regret it in the future if Li Mu thought he was greedy and did not want to bring him along. Therefore, it was better to wait for Li Mu to speak first when he really wanted to start the project.

After that, the two of them did not talk about this topic anymore. Instead, they brought Lin Ching-ah along and the three of them found some topics to chat about. After the meal, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong exchanged contact information. In the end, Li Mu gave Liu Shixiong a reassurance pill. "Senior, although I won't be starting the e-commerce project immediately in the near future, you can look for me anytime if you have nothing to do. We can chat and drink tea together. Don't break off contact."

Liu Shixiong nodded repeatedly. He felt that this junior of his was too good at doing things. He did not put on any airs at all. A billionaire could be so polite to a poor optical magnets seller like him. There was nothing more to say.

In the end, Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah watched Liu Shixiong drive away in his Accord. Only then did Li Mu ask Lin Ching-ah, who was beside him, "Are you going home or …?"

Lin Ching-ah smiled faintly and said, "I'm going home. I'll pack my things and go to Korea tomorrow."

Li Mu asked her, "What time is your flight tomorrow?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "12: 30."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "When you get to Korea, talk to the people at Wangzen and be more forceful. We now have the largest Chinese community in the world, including the largest gaming community. Whether it's 17173 or Jiucheng's Gamenow, or the other gaming communities, they are all basically dying. This also means that we have the most loyal gamers in the country. Only we can manage the game 'Miracle Mu' well. Other than us, they won't be able to choose anyone else."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "You must be forceful, but you must be sincere. Let them know of our resources and get them to voluntarily lower the distribution fees and operating share. Then, you can take the initiative to raise the distribution fees. Lower the share as much as possible. Instill a concept in them: even if we give them a very low share, because we have strong resources to support us, they will definitely earn more."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "I understand, Li Zong. When I get there tomorrow, I will definitely talk to them about the pros and cons. Also, Li Zong, I have another question."

Li Mu said, "Go ahead."

Lin Ching-ah said, "What's the upper limit of the distribution fees we can give them?"

Li Mu thought for a while and said, "If they are willing to lower the share to below 10%, we can give them five million."

Lin Ching-ah asked curiously, "You are so confident about this game?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am confident about our resources. If other companies use this game, just the online and offline marketing costs will be very high. But for us, marketing costs are basically zero. That's because no other company can compare to us in this area, including Shengda. We have such strong resources, even if it's a trash game, we can promote it."

After Teng Xun had hundreds of millions of loyal users, games were basically similar to what Li Mu had said. No matter how trashy a game was, it could be promoted to be profitable. Although Li Mu did not have hundreds of millions of users, Tieba and Happy Farm, when placed in the current internet market, had a similar proportion of users to Teng Xun in the future. It could even be said to be on the same level.

Even the current Teng Xun couldn't compare to Makino Technology in terms of game promotion. The fundamental reason was that Teng Xun hadn't formed a community yet. Its social network was peer-to-peer, and each user could only interact with individual users. Li Mu's community was peer-to-peer, and each user could interact with a large group of users. Obviously, Teng Xun was more capable of promoting the game.