Chapter 524

The slightly tipsy Li Mu came to the entrance of the neighborhood, but he didn't see Zhao Ziqiu. It wasn't until a yellow Volkswagen Beetle rolled down its window that a fair and tender hand reached out from the window and waved at Li Mu. Zhao Ziqiu sat in the car and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, over here!"

Only then did Li Mu see her. He ran up to her in a few steps and bent over to look at Zhao Ziqiu, who had dressed up meticulously. He asked in surprise, "Why are you still out so late at night?

Why haven't you returned to the dormitory yet? "

Zhao Ziqiu giggled and said, "I'm playing with a few friends in Sanlitun. I just came back, so I can't go back to the dormitory. I'm going to sleep at a friend's house tonight."

Li Mu felt a little uncomfortable when he heard that. She dressed up so carefully and went to Sanlitun to play so late at night. She didn't even go back to the dormitory and wanted to sleep at a friend's house. This wasn't something a good girl like her should do.

Li Mu asked her subconsciously, "What friend? A man or a woman?"

"A woman."

Zhao Ziqiu said casually. She then looked at Li Mu and asked him, "You smell like alcohol. Did you drink?"

Li Mu said, "Yawei and the others came over to watch the game. I drank a little."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "I drank a little just now. My friend has a villa in the suburbs. There's a big party there tonight. There's quite a lot of people there. I'll drink some when I get there."

Li Mu frowned and asked in a stern tone, "Did you drink and drive all the way from Sanlitun?"

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue and said, "I didn't drink much. I just drank two small bottles of beer."

"But you can't drink and drive!" Li Mu blurted out, "Do you know how dangerous it is to drink and drive?"

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and said with a faint smile, "Don't you often drink and drive?"

Li Mu was at a loss for words. After a while, he argued, "What I did wasn't drunk driving. I only drive when I'm not under the influence of alcohol. You're different."

"Sophistry."

Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "I was just passing by your house and just remembered that I haven't seen you for a long time, so I called you to see you. If you're angry at me, I'll leave."

Li Mu could only say, "Okay, okay, okay. Let's not talk about your drunk driving. You're going to drink so late?

Do you still have class tomorrow? "

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. "It doesn't matter. I don't have any important classes tomorrow anyway."

Li Mu couldn't help but say, "I'll get you a room in the hotel tonight. Have a good sleep and go to school tomorrow."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "Why?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment. He couldn't think of a suitable reason, but he still said stubbornly, "No reason. It's settled. Wait for me. I'll go upstairs to get my wallet."

Zhao Ziqiu stopped him and said with a smile, "I'll listen to you and not go. I have the money. You don't have to trouble yourself." As she said that, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "Do you want to come up and sit for a while?

It's tiring to bend over and talk. "

Li Mu nodded and didn't say much. He opened the door and sat in.

He thought they were going to sit and chat, but Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said to Li Mu, "Buckle your seat belt."

Li Mu asked her, "Why do I need to buckle my seat belt?"

Zhao Ziqiu smiled sweetly and said, "Just buckle it if I tell you to."

Li Mu had no choice but to buckle his seat belt. At this time, Zhao Ziqiu started the car, and the little Beetle rushed out and quickly drove to the main road.

Li Mu didn't know where Zhao Ziqiu wanted to take him. At this time, the car CD had just finished loading, and a song that Li Mu was very familiar with played. It was the song "Ido, Ido, Ido, Ido, Ido, Ido" by the Swedish group ABBA in the 1970s.

After the prelude of the wind music, a melodious female voice was heard.

Love-me-or-leave-me

Make-your-choice，but-believe-me

I-love-you

I-do，I-do，I-do，I-do，I-do

I-can\'t-concealit

Don\'t-you-see，can\'t-you-feel-it

don\'t-you-do

I-do, I-do, I-do, I-do, I-do …

The general idea of the lyrics was very simple. Anyone with a little foundation in English could easily understand it. The whole song repeatedly expressed a central idea, that is, "I love you." You can decide to love me or leave me, but please believe me, I love you. I can't hide my love for you. Can't you see or feel it?

ABBA was almost from the same era as Teresa Teng. They were once a household name abroad, but they weren't well known in China. That was because the group was popular abroad before the domestic market opened up, and when the domestic market opened up, they had already disbanded.

Li Mu didn't know why there was such a CD in Zhao Ziqiu's car. He didn't know when and how Zhao Ziqiu fell in love with ABBA. He didn't even know when Zhao Ziqiu bought a car.

Although the melody of the music was very familiar, Li Mu didn't feel happy at all. He suddenly felt that Zhao Ziqiu seemed to be gradually drifting away from him. They rarely contacted each other, and he didn't know many changes in her. Perhaps he had consumed too much of her feelings for him, which led to the current situation. Li Mu felt uncomfortable, but he understood very well that even if he didn't want to, he couldn't blame anyone but himself.

It was because of this feeling of loss that Li Mu didn't have the mood to figure out what this song represented when it appeared in Zhao Ziqiu's car at this moment. He didn't think that it was a confession of love from Zhao Ziqiu.

The three-minute song was soon over. Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "Is this song good?"

Li Mu nodded. "It's one of ABBA's most classic songs."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu in surprise and asked him, "You know ABBA too?"

Li Mu nodded and said in a slightly dispirited manner, "I've heard a lot of their songs."

Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu again, "Can you understand what this song is about?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I got full marks in English in the college entrance examination..."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Yes, then I don't have to worry."

Li Mu drank a little and was not in a good mood. His brain seemed to be working too hard, so he didn't understand the meaning of Zhao Ziqiu's words. He just asked her, "Where are you driving to?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It's a secret. Just follow me."

"Okay." Li Mu nodded helplessly.

There were very few cars on the streets of Yan Jing at night. Zhao Ziqiu drove out of the city and arrived at the main entrance of a villa area in less than 20 minutes. Zhao Ziqiu slowed down the car and was about to swipe her card to enter the community. Li Mu thought of what Zhao Ziqiu had said just now and thought that she was taking him to her friend's party. He suddenly became angry and questioned Zhao Ziqiu, "Didn't you just tell me that you wouldn't come to that party?

Why did you drive here again? "

Zhao Ziqiu saw Li Mu's serious face and seemed to be really angry, so she said coquettishly, "Didn't you not let me drink? Then I'll take you with me. If you don't like it, then we can stay for a while and leave. Then I'll listen to you and find a hotel to sleep in and go to school tomorrow, okay?"

Li Mu's heart slightly relaxed. He thought that he had come here and Zhao Ziqiu had also made a promise to him. It would be unreasonable if he didn't agree, so he nodded and said, "As long as you don't drink, anything is fine."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Okay, you said it."

Li Mu sighed softly and didn't say anything else. He looked at the time and saw that it was 11: 45 pm. He originally wanted to quietly stay up on New Year's Eve, but he didn't expect to be dragged to a party by Zhao Ziqiu. Li Mu had no interest in this kind of social gathering, let alone when his birthday was approaching.

Zhao Ziqiu drove the car into the villa area and stopped in front of one of the independent villas. She took out a small remote control from the car's storage compartment and pressed it gently. The electric door of the villa opened to both sides. Then, Zhao Ziqiu drove the car directly into the courtyard and stopped the car in front of the villa. She turned off the engine and said to Li Mu, "We're here. Get out."

Li Mu raised his head and looked at the pitch-black villa as he asked her in astonishment, "It's so dark, is there a party going on?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "It's not time to start yet." With that, Zhao Ziqiu pushed the door open and got out of the car.

Li Mu followed her out of the car doubtfully. He looked up at the dark villa and was extremely puzzled. It didn't seem like there was anyone inside!

Li Mu followed Zhao Ziqiu into the door with a suspicious heart. It was pitch black inside. He suddenly began to feel uneasy. He didn't know what was waiting for him inside. He began to feel that something was wrong.

After entering the door, Zhao Ziqiu didn't immediately turn on the lights. As soon as Li Mu entered the door, Zhao Ziqiu closed the door before he could adapt to the darkness inside. Li Mu suddenly thought, could it be that everything Zhao Ziqiu did before was just an act?

Did she discuss with the guys in his dormitory to give him a surprise? Would the lights suddenly be turned on, and then the guys in the dormitory would suddenly jump out and shout "surprise" at him?

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more likely it was. Otherwise, why would Zhao Ziqiu come to find him not long after those guys left?

She said a lot of nonsense to trick him here. Maybe those people had already arrived in advance and were waiting here.

Li Mu was waiting for the mystery to be revealed after the lights were turned on, but he didn't expect a warm body to suddenly jump into his arms in the dark. Zhao Ziqiu suddenly hugged him tightly and said four words in his ear, "Happy birthday."

Li Mu subconsciously asked her, "Where are those bastards?"

Zhao Ziqiu said in a low voice, "There's no one here except you and me."

Li Mu was stunned.

Seeing that he didn't respond for a long time, Zhao Ziqiu asked guiltily, "Are you angry?

I didn't mean to deceive you. I just thought that your birthday is coming. I know you have a party tomorrow night, and I can't attend it, so I wanted to celebrate it with you in advance tonight … "

In the dark, Li Mu couldn't see Zhao Ziqiu's appearance clearly, but at this moment, his previous sense of loss disappeared in an instant. He finally understood that the girl in his arms was not gradually drifting away from him as he thought, but she had carefully prepared everything just to say a happy birthday to him.

At this moment, in addition to being moved, Li Mu also felt a strong sense of joy for regaining what he had lost. His heart warmed up, and he hugged Zhao Ziqiu tightly, bowed his head, and kissed her lips. The two of them kissed passionately.

After a long time, their lips separated. Li Mu couldn't control himself. Thinking of the past, he couldn't help whispering in Zhao Ziqiu's ear, "Where is my birthday present?"