Chapter 950

As Song Zhilei's location was locked down, the elites of the Municipal Bureau's Criminal Police Unit immediately launched a rescue and arrest operation. More than a hundred first-line criminal police officers quickly set off from Beijing and rushed to Pinggu County, which was dozens of kilometers away.

Gu Jianghe decided to personally lead the Criminal Police Unit on the frontlines. As Wei Lan's partners in Beijing, Li Mu, Song Liang, Chen Ze, and Dufy requested to go with him.

Gu Jianghe originally did not want them to follow him, but after some careful thought, although he was going to the frontlines to command, he would be at least one to two kilometers away from the actual frontlines. Naturally, they would not be in any danger if they followed him. Moreover, Li Mu's logic was insane. With such a genius following him, if anything happened at the scene, Li Mu could also provide help to the Municipal Bureau's Criminal Police Unit in a timely manner.

Therefore, Li Mu completely handed over the remaining work of the Taobao Network to Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo. Then, he followed Gu Jianghe to Pinggu County with Song Liang and the others.

They first took a few cars and left the Taobao Network one after another. Then, they met up at the direction where they had agreed to leave the city. They boarded the Municipal Bureau's command vehicle and continued on to Pinggu County.

While Gu Jianghe was in the car, he began to arrange the troops for tonight's rescue and arrest operation.

Gu Jianghe planned to use the strategy of surrounding the enemy first. He wanted the Criminal Police Unit to surround the enemy without them knowing anything.

Then, he would send a few well-trained scouts to the scene alone in disguise. Not only did the scouts have to confirm the enemy's number and the exact location of the hostage, but they also had to understand the enemy's firepower. At the same time, they had to explore the surrounding terrain. If there was a high vantage point suitable for snipers to hide in, they would record it down and send the snipers there.

Once they confirmed the enemy's situation, they would organize the best elite team with about twenty people to quietly surround the building where the enemy was. Then, they would find an opportunity to launch a full-scale rescue and arrest operation.

Li Mu could use his own logic to find Song Zhilei's exact location like finding a needle in a haystack. However, if they really wanted to rescue him, they would have to rely on the police elites. However, Li Mu's only request was to ensure Wei Lan's safety no matter what.

Gu Jianghe's mind was as clear as a mirror. Today's case involved too many people. Just Li Mu's influence was like the sun at high noon. Even though his rank was very high, facing Li Mu, a big shot who was closely watched by high-level leaders and was regarded as an idol by the people, still brought him great pressure.

Other than that, Chen Ze was also a very powerful person. His family background was very powerful. If anything happened to Wei Lan, the pressure these two people put on him would be enough to make him suffer.

If the rescue failed and Li Mu exposed the case, such a beautiful boss would be kidnapped in Beijing and killed in the end. Not only would it cause the whole country to wring their hands, the Beijing Public Security would also lose face. At that time, he would have to bear the brunt of the main responsibility, and he would even implicate the boss of the Municipal Public Security Bureau who was in charge of politics, law and public security. By that time, he would be in a passive position.

However, Gu Jianghe still had a very optimistic version in his heart. That was, in the next one or two hours, the Municipal Public Security Bureau would be able to rescue Wei Lan in one go, and then catch all the suspects in one fell swoop!

In that case, not only would the case be a happy ending, but the entire process of solving the case could even be written into the police academy's criminal investigation textbook!

In fact, Gu Jianghe thought to himself that if he could successfully rescue Wei Lan, the thrilling 24 hours would be enough to make an exciting crime mystery movie!

It would even be more realistic and exciting than most movies of the same genre!

Gu Jianghe recalled how Li Mu was like a magician, using his strong logical thinking to continuously screen and locate the suspects. He could not help but feel his scalp go numb. If the authorization was given to a skilled director and actor, he believed that they would definitely be able to create an outstanding movie that would shock the whole society.

Thinking of this, Gu Jianghe quietly looked at Li Mu, who had a serious expression on his face. He thought to himself that after he rescued Wei Lan, he would definitely persuade him to release the details of the case. He believed that once he did so, there would be a huge wave of film companies and directors coming to him, hoping to get authorization. Gu Jianghe did not have too many selfish motives. His only selfish motive was to have the Yan Jing Public Security Bureau participate in the filming and production to a certain extent, so that the Yan Jing Public Security Bureau would not be too incompetent in the script …

At ten o 'clock at night, the command vehicle arrived at the predetermined location. It was less than a three-kilometer drive from Chen Jiawan Village, where Song Zhilei was hiding. Five different types of vehicles stopped on the side of the village road without street lights and turned off their engines. The command vehicle received a report from the frontline criminal police through the on-board radio.

Every operation of the municipal bureau had a set of common code names. The suspects were collectively known as Rats, and the other teams responsible for the arrest also had their own fixed code names. As the bureau chief, once Gu Jianghe participated in the operation, his code name would be Eagle. Once the other team members heard that "Eagle" was in command, they would know that the bureau chief was personally overseeing the operation, and the importance was immediately raised to the highest level.

At that moment, the reports of the various criminal police came through the on-board radio. "Eagle, Eagle, and Hound have completed the investigation. Through on-site investigation and thermal imaging, we have determined that the kidnappers are in a farmhouse. There are six people in total. The hostage is alone in the east room of the farmhouse, and his vital signs are normal. There are two people guarding the door, and the other four are in two different rooms."

Gu Jianghe grabbed the radio and asked, "Have you determined the other party's firepower?"

The other side immediately replied, "For the time being, we haven't found any signs of firearms on the two guards, but we can't be sure that the kidnappers don't have firearms."

Gu Jianghe asked, "How vigilant are the kidnappers?"

The other side replied, "Their vigilance is relatively lax. If we launch a rescue operation, as long as we quickly take care of the two kidnappers guarding the hostage, the remaining kidnappers won't pose a direct threat to the hostage's safety."

Gu Jianghe breathed a sigh of relief, and Li Mu's furrowed brows also relaxed a little. It seemed that Song Zhilei and his gang were not worried that the police would find them at all, so they were relatively more relaxed.

At that moment, Gu Jianghe asked again, "Have you found a suitable vantage point for the snipers to be in position?"

This time, the municipal bureau had deployed eight elite snipers to the scene, and they were the eight best snipers in the municipal bureau's special forces. They couldn't be compared to special forces like the Divine Sword Brigade, but they were more than enough to handle a situation like this.

At that moment, the other side replied, "There are no favorable vantage points around the suspect's location. There's only one signal tower and one main power transmission rack within a certain range. We've already sent four snipers to their respective vantage points in pairs!"

Gu Jianghe grunted in satisfaction, then asked, "Black Cat, Black Cat, when is the time to rescue and capture them?"

The person called Black Cat was a deputy director in charge of the special forces in the municipal bureau. He was a veteran criminal police officer, and his ability to control the overall situation at the scene was outstanding. His ability to command the operation was even more extraordinary. Although Gu Jianghe had come to the scene and was nominally the commander-in-chief, the one who had actually formulated the operation plan and directed the operation was still the deputy director called Black Cat.

A moment later, a steady male voice came from the radio. "Old Ying, Old Ying, Black Cat suggests that we start the operation in ten minutes!"

"How's the operation's layout going?

Give me a detailed report! "

The other side spoke clearly and eloquently. "Reporting, Old Ying. Our twenty first-line special forces are already in position within a 500-meter radius of the kidnappers' location. If Old Ying approves to start the operation in ten minutes, our first-line special forces will be ready to assault in eight minutes.

Once the operation begins, we guarantee that ten special forces will break into the other party's courtyard within five seconds, and all twenty special forces will break into the other party's courtyard within ten seconds. Our special forces will immediately subdue the two guards, then send five people to quickly protect the hostages' safety and rescue them. The remaining fifteen people will quickly break into the room where the four suspects are, and the battle is expected to end in one minute! "

Gu Jianghe thought for a moment and was very satisfied with this rescue plan. They would first take care of the two guards who threatened the hostages' safety, then quickly rescue the hostages. The remaining four people would definitely have no chance of escaping under the siege of fifteen people and over a hundred people.

Thinking of this, Gu Jianghe said coldly, "Black Cat, listen up. Protecting the hostages' safety is the top priority. I authorize you and all the first-line special forces and snipers to shoot decisively under any circumstances that might threaten the hostages' safety!

The hostages must not be threatened in any way! "

Kidnapping for ransom was a felony among felonies, and the amount of ransom demanded by the kidnappers this time was more than 100 million yuan. It was definitely the highest amount in recent years among all the kidnapping cases in Beijing. In the face of such a serious case, the public security special forces had enough legal principles to take the most direct method to stop the other party's criminal act, and that most direct method was to shoot to death.

When Black Cat heard this, he immediately raised his voice and blurted out, "Please rest assured, Old Ying. Black Cat understands!"

Gu Jianghe looked at the time and said to Li Mu and the others, "I've decided to authorize the rescue and arrest operation in ten minutes. Does anyone have any other objections?"

Logically speaking, it was already unprecedented for Gu Jianghe to allow Li Mu and the others to participate in the frontline operations. Now that the specific operation plan had been announced, it could be said that he had to ask if there were any other objections. This could be said to be unprecedented in his career as a police officer.

However, Gu Jianghe did not put on any official airs now. He was deeply aware of the importance of this operation and the great power of the people around him. After a comprehensive consideration, he must give them enough respect.

Chen Ze, Song Liang, and Dufy looked at each other and then looked at Li Mu in unison. Li Mu thought that he did not understand frontline operations, but it sounded like the current rescue and arrest plan of the municipal bureau was very perfect, and he had no objections.

So, Li Mu said to Gu Jianghe, "Director Gu, we have no other objections. Everything on the scene will be decided by you and the other public security officers."