Chapter 998

The new system message made Dong Shaoping, who was in despair, extremely excited.

This feeling of going from hell to heaven was more exciting than riding a roller coaster.

He had thought that his shop had been permanently blacklisted by the Taobao Alliance. He did not expect Taobao to be so merciful and give him, a cross-platform seller, a chance to turn over a new leaf.

According to Taobao, as long as he removed all the products from other websites in the next week, he would be able to pass Taobao's review. By then, his shop would have the opportunity to be recommended by the Taobao Alliance like Han Wei and earn tens of thousands of yuan in a day.

Immediately, Dong Shaoping asked Gu Wei to let him use the computer so that he could quickly delete all the information on Le Tao. Gu Wei kindly let Dong Shaoping use the computer for the time being.

Dong Shaoping quickly logged into Le Tao's backstage. After entering, he began to select the management of the shop's products. Then, he manually deleted the products that were on Le Tao's shelves one by one. Deleting one to two hundred products was very fast. In just a few minutes, he had deleted almost half of them.

At around 2: 10 am, when Dong Shaoping deleted the information on a piece of clothing, he realized that there was no response no matter how he clicked on the delete button. It was as if the backstage was stuck. Then, he refreshed the page and suddenly realized that in the refreshed management page, the corresponding "delete" button for each product had changed from the original blue to gray.

Dong Shaoping, who was confused, hurriedly tried to click on the delete button again. However, he realized that the gray delete button could no longer be clicked.

After taking a closer look, not only had the "delete" function failed, but even the "edit" function had failed.

Dong Shaoping was so anxious that he was sweating profusely. He refreshed the page several times but could not find these two options. Just as he was burning with anxiety, the top right corner of the page showed that he had received a system message.

Dong Shaoping hurriedly clicked on it. When he saw it, he was so angry that he almost smashed Han Wei's computer!

The content of the system message from Le Tao was: "Dear seller of Le Tao, due to a major technical error in the backstage of the website, the editing and removal functions of all products are temporarily unavailable. The function of adding new products to the shelves is not affected and can still be used. Our technicians are actively looking for the cause and working hard to solve it. We apologize for the inconvenience."

Le Tao didn't dare to blatantly block the seller's access, so "technical problems" became the best excuse. In the Internet industry, "technical problems" had the same effect as "relevant departments". All the problems that people didn't want to explain or couldn't explain could be attributed to technical problems. This was almost an all-purpose reason and excuse.

Dong Shaoping was very smart. At this time, Le Tao suddenly had a so-called "technical problem" that could only upload new product information, but not to delete or modify old product information.

Ten minutes ago, Taobao had just released its second system notification. Le Tao's sudden "technical problem" was obviously intentional!

However, although Dong Shaoping knew that Le Tao was doing it on purpose, other than being angry, there was no effective solution.

If ordinary users lost their authority in front of the website, they would be more passive than pigs in the slaughterhouse. It was just like the group leaders in the future. They could kick and ban whoever they wanted. Ordinary users without authority could not struggle at all in front of them.

Dong Shaoping was burning with anxiety. If he could not delete the product information, wouldn't he be blacklisted by the Taobao Alliance after a week when Taobao made a new comparison?

Le Tao was f * cking cutting off his source of income!

At this moment, there were thousands of people in the country who hated Le Tao to the core like Dong Shaoping.

This batch of Taobao sellers who opened shops in Le Tao did the same thing as Dong Shaoping after seeing the new system message from Taobao. They deleted and removed their products from Le Tao.

However, most of them were deprived of their authority before they could remove all the products. They were angry for a while.

Dong Shaoping, who was about to explode, made more than a dozen calls to Le Tao's customer service, but none of them went through. His emotions were on the verge of collapse.

Dong Shaoping kept refreshing Le Tao's backstage while looking forward to a miracle. Even if it was only a few minutes of miracle, it would allow him to delete all the rest of the product information.

At this time, another official message from Le Tao came.

Dong Shaoping clicked on it, and a glimmer of hope was reignited in his heart.

"Dear Le Tao seller, in order to solve the problem in the backstage, we have decided to reset the backstage record to a safe backup point. After five minutes, the website will reset at the backup point of 13: 55. We apologize for the inconvenience!"

Dong Shaoping thought that Le Tao was going to solve the problem, and he was relieved. He thought that Le Tao was deliberately not letting people remove the product. Now it seemed that there might be a technical problem. After the website was reset, he would remove the product one by one.

He waited anxiously for five minutes. During these five minutes, Dong Shaoping kept pressing F5 to refresh. When the five minutes were up, there was a change in the refresh.

Nearly a hundred product information that he had deleted before appeared in the backstage again. It seemed that the backstage had been reset.

Dong Shaoping hurriedly started to delete, but he didn't expect that the "delete" and "edit" options were still gray and unavailable.

Dong Shaoping suddenly panicked.

What's going on?

Wasn't it reset?

Why didn't it work?

If that's the case, it's better not to reset it. I've deleted nearly half of it. Now that it's reset, all of them are back.

At this time, the sellers who had the same experience as Dong Shaoping were also very surprised. Those who had been quick to delete the information were originally glad that they had reacted quickly. Now that they saw all the goods returned to the backstage, they really wanted to cry but had no tears.

While everyone was panicking, Le Tao sent another system message.

This was the third system message in just a few minutes.

When Dong Shaoping finished reading this message, he almost cried out in despair.

"Dear Le Tao sellers, although the website has been reset, the product editing and removal functions are still unavailable due to technical problems. Our technical staff is actively looking for the reason and working hard to solve it. We apologize for the inconvenience!"

Dong Shaoping finally understood Le Tao's sinister intentions!

This platform was playing a monkey trick!

First, it blocked the sellers' permission to delete and edit information, saying that there was a technical problem.

Then, it pretended to be actively solving the problem and reset the record at 13: 55 to make everyone think that the problem would be solved soon.

Finally, because the second system message of Taobao was released at two o 'clock in the afternoon, at 13: 55, these Le Tao sellers did not start to delete the product information at all. Le Tao reset the record of this time period, which was equivalent to restoring all the things that everyone had deleted. Then, he didn't give the sellers the permission, saying that there was a technical problem. Obviously, he didn't want these Le Tao sellers to escape at the last minute!

Knowing that Taobao Alliance had requirements, knowing that everyone had to delete all kinds of information on Le Tao before they had a chance to get the recommendation of Taobao Alliance, Le Tao deliberately locked everyone's permission and restored all the deleted information. He wanted to drag these sellers down with him!

Dong Shaohua almost collapsed. He never dreamed that when he finally had a chance to get out of the predicament, Le Tao would suddenly grab his ankles so tightly that he couldn't move. At this moment, his hatred for Le Tao almost overwhelmed his rationality. He never thought that as a website and a platform, Le Tao would do such a despicable thing.

However, cursing and hatred couldn't solve the problem. He only had one week left. If Le Tao didn't give them the permission within a week, then they would have no chance with Taobao Alliance.

Dong Shaohua was not the only one who realized this. Almost all the online shop owners who were tricked by Le Tao realized this. Soon, someone created a "Protest Le Tao YY Group" and posted messages denouncing Le Tao everywhere on the Internet. They began to gather people based on the principle of concentrating their strength to do something big.

…

Cai Chongxin was quite dissatisfied with Boss Ma's approach. He felt that Le Tao's behavior was getting more and more shameless. This kind of method of dragging people down with him was really unacceptable to him.

He tried to suggest to Boss Ma. Boss Ma's original words were, "Instead of losing, we might as well lose fair and square. If we have to tie these sellers down, we will be laughed at in the industry."

Boss Ma was quite dissatisfied with this statement. He asked Cai Chongxin angrily, "Stop dreaming. Won't we be laughed at in the industry if we just admit defeat?

The Internet industry has always been an industry that laughs at the poor. As long as you can succeed, no matter how dirty your means are, others will recognize you and applaud you. If you fail, no matter how innocent your behavior is, you will be laughed at by the whole industry! "

Cai Chongxin said, "The point is that we are still tied to these ordinary sellers. It's meaningless for us to drag these people down with us."

Boss Ma asked back, "Then tell me, what is meaningful to do now?"

Cai Chongxin was speechless. He could see that Boss Ma was now extremely paranoid. Cai Chongxin's words were harsh to his ears.

Therefore, Cai Chongxin changed his perspective and persuaded, "If we do this, what if the sellers unite to complain about us?"