Chapter 1282

It wasn't easy for him to take a vacation, and he wanted to stay at home quietly for a few days. It turned out that this kind of lifestyle, which he could have easily obtained in his previous life, had become the most luxurious dream in this life.

After experiencing all kinds of people and visiting his home, Li Mu sadly discovered that his family of three had basically never had any peace.

Five days later, Li Mu reluctantly returned to Yanjing. He hadn't spent enough time with his parents, and his parents didn't care for him enough. However, due to his busy schedule, Li Mu couldn't continue to stay in Haizhou.

On the way to Jinling Airport, Li Mu's sadness of leaving home didn't last for more than two hours before it was dispelled by a series of phone calls.

At first, it was Chen Ze who called to ask when Li Mu would return to Yanjing. The promotional materials for the CSC Supercar Club had already been prepared. Although it hadn't been officially promoted yet, since there were few secrets in the circle, basically all the rich second generations in Yanjing and even the entire North China knew about the news.

Since the club was led by Chen Ze, and Li Mu was deeply involved in it, it immediately attracted the attention of a large number of rich second generations. Even many rich second generations who didn't play with cars immediately found Cai Zhengmao to ask about buying a car after hearing that the CSC Club required a sports car as a threshold. Cai Zhengmao's feedback was that this year wasn't a peaceful one. More than eighty sports cars worth more than a million yuan were ordered, and rich second generations from as far away as Lianjiang Province came to Yanjing to order cars from him.

This number shocked Li Mu. He didn't expect that the CSC Club hadn't officially launched its promotion, and just the dissemination within the circle had already achieved such a powerful effect. There were already more than eighty people who wanted to buy a car to join the club. If they really opened the membership application, he was afraid that there would be more than two hundred people in a minute.

In addition, Chen Ze also reported that Fatty Wang's side had completely coordinated and was speeding up the preparation of club-related decoration materials. As soon as the club launched its promotion, the SugarClub Sports Complex would immediately be fully converted into a CSC Club exclusive club.

Chen Ze wanted to officially launch the CSC Club's promotion on the eighth day of the new year, and open the channel for membership applications. At that time, he would organize members and eligible second generations who were interested in joining the club to hold a large-scale salon at SugarClub. In Chen Ze's words, they had to accumulate this set.

People who had been in the circle for a long time were most particular about accumulating a set. What kind of "set" to accumulate, and how to accumulate this "set" was a very particular matter. It was naturally no problem for Chen Ze to come out and accumulate a set. With his background, people would give him some face no matter where he was. However, the situation of the CSC Club was a bit special. It was a sports car club, and sports cars were absolutely rare in this era. Therefore, accumulating such a set was extremely easy to be interpreted by others as not doing proper work, or as a big gathering of rich kids.

Therefore, Chen Ze hoped that Li Mu could come forward and accumulate this "set" with him. If Li Mu, a successful businessman and favored by the heavens, directly participated, this set would no longer be a gathering of idle rich kids. Instead, it would allow these young, promising, and wealthy people to gather together and do something practical and positive.

Chen Ze even hoped that after the official establishment of the CSC Club, the entire club would be deeply involved in Li Mu's "Veterans Never Die" Charitable Foundation. Once it was established, it would first give the whole society a sufficiently positive and positive first impression.

Li Mu agreed without hesitation and said to Chen Ze, "First, I will ask Xinying to arrange for someone to edit a simple internal promotional video. When everyone gathers at SugarClub, we will show it to everyone, so that everyone can truly understand what this charity project is about and the unique importance of this project. When the time comes, if everyone is willing to contribute, that would be the best."

Chen Ze said, "If the club can have 200 official members, I believe that it won't be a problem to absorb 10 million in donations. If the emotions are stirred up well, 20 million is not impossible."

Li Mu responded and said, "When the time comes, I will let the CSC Club become the partner of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. When 'Flying Tigers' is released, I will put the CSC Club in the special thanks list."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "That couldn't be better. This matter is settled, we will talk about it when you come back."

Not long after hanging up the phone with Chen Ze, Liu Shixiong called Li Mu and told Li Mu that after the New Year, Taobao Logistics would undergo a new round of staff expansion. Before the 15th of January, there would be at least 1,500 new employees nationwide.

The reason for such a rush to increase the staffing was because of the needs that Li Mu mentioned to Liu Shixiong before.

Li Mu's explanation to Liu Shixiong, Lei Jianguo, and other core members of Taobao was that he was very worried that the infectious disease he heard about in Guangdong Province would spread to the whole country and cause social panic. Therefore, he invested a lot of money to stock up the materials needed to prevent the spread of the infectious disease in advance. At that time, if his prediction came true, then the hoarded materials would inevitably be sold to the whole country through the Taobao website in a short period of time. This itself had a huge demand for Taobao Logistics, so it was necessary to increase the staff.

In addition, Li Mu also concluded that once the infectious disease caused social panic, then people would definitely be forced to reduce the number of times they went to public places as much as possible, and offline shopping would all happen in public places. Therefore, this also meant that at that time, online shopping would usher in a wave of traffic!

The reason why Li Mu used "wave" instead of "peak" was that in his estimation, the overall order volume of online shopping would at least be at least three times higher than usual. Users who had already experienced online shopping would definitely put all the things they could buy online. Only in this way could they avoid going to public places and reduce the risk of infection. As for those users who had never tried online shopping, they would definitely find a way to buy online. They would either learn to buy online or entrust others to buy online.

With the popularity of online shopping done by Taobao before, coupled with the seamless connection between Taobao, Alipay, and Taobao Logistics, the current online shopping had a very good foundation. The threshold was also a lot lower than in his previous life in 2003. Once it entered the SARS period, the order volume of Taobao website would surge to the point that Taobao Express' warehouse would be full.

Therefore, preparing personnel in advance became the top priority at the moment.

To prepare for the possible large-scale social incident, Liu Shixiong was a little nervous and a little unconfident. In addition to reporting the relevant progress, he called Li Mu for another very important thing. He hoped that Li Mu could take the time to sort out and follow up the preparation work of Taobao Logistics with him.

After Li Mu agreed to Liu Shixiong's request, he received a call from Kong Lingyu.

Due to the data centers and servers being set up all over the world, Plants vs Zombies Online could be released worldwide by the end of this month. The original plan to promote the game was already in place. They just had to wait for the server and bandwidth issues to be resolved before releasing the game. Therefore, Kong Lingyu called Li Mu and asked if they could officially release Plants vs Zombies Online to YY users around the world in early March.

This game was a combination of a single player version of Plants vs Zombies and an online version of the game. During the internal testing, almost all of the staff were addicted to it. Not only the staff in the gaming department, but the staff in other departments were also infatuated with the game. Tower defense games were very easy to immerse in, not to mention this kind of online tower defense game with social features. It was a fatal attraction to the users of the game at the moment.

Because of that, everyone in the company who was involved in the project was looking forward to the official release of the project. Everyone also firmly believed that the game would become popular all over the world with the promotion of YY. From there, it would set off a new wave of social games that swept the world after Paradise Town.

Kong Lingyu couldn't wait to release Plants vs Zombies Online, so he hoped to release it on the first of March. According to the current progress, the team was confident that they would be able to complete the preparations before then.

Li Mu originally wanted to tell Kong Lingyu to start preparing for the release on the first of March, but after some thought, Li Mu suddenly decided to delay the release of Plants vs Zombies Online, just like how he delayed Crazy Stone's release.

The reason why Crazy Stone's release was delayed was because Li Mu didn't want the movie to increase the chances of the audience being infected with SARS offline. The epidemic was still in its infancy and developing stage. If a popular movie were to be released at this time, it would be the perfect fertile ground for the epidemic to spread. Therefore, Li Mu wanted to release Crazy Stone after the SARS period. On one hand, it would avoid the negative effects of the epidemic, and on the other hand, it would give the people who had just gotten out of the SARS haze a chance to laugh and relieve all the pressure.

The reason why Plants vs Zombies Online was delayed was because Li Mu suddenly realized that the spread of SARS would not only cause panic within the country, but would also cause panic and concern around the world. At that time, there would inevitably be negative news about the development of the epidemic overseas, which would affect the impression and perception of Hua Xia to a certain extent. Plants vs Zombies Online was already destined to be a super popular game that would sweep the world, so Li Mu wanted to delay its release to the time when the impact of SARS was at its peak.

Choosing to release it at the time when the impact of SARS was at its peak, Li Mu's consideration was that at that time, whether it was the people within or outside the country, they would need to divert their attention away from SARS. They couldn't let their emotions, stress, and panic be affected by SARS.

For the people within the country, they wouldn't dare to go out at that time. The more they didn't dare to go out, the more they would pay attention to the development of the epidemic. The more they paid attention to it, the more nervous they would become.

For the people outside the country, they would definitely pay attention to the development of the epidemic, and develop a certain degree of fear towards Hua Xia, just like how the people of Hua Xia were concerned about the mad cow disease and the Ebola virus overseas.

If at that time, an unparalleled social game could suddenly be born, it could instantly divert everyone's attention. Not only could it prevent people from paying too much attention to the SARS problem, but it could also greatly relieve the psychological pressure and panic of the people.