Chapter 533

In a private room of a Japanese-style restaurant with a quiet environment, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong were sitting together with Chen Tong. As their junior, Li Mu took the initiative to pour some sake for them and said to Chen Tong, "Senior Brother Chen, I've heard of your name for a long time, but I haven't had the chance to meet you. Today, I finally get my wish. Let me introduce myself. I'm a freshman of our National People's Congress' 01, Li Mu."

When Li Mu poured the wine, Chen Tong held the wine cup with both hands. From this action, it could be seen that although Li Mu respected him as a senior brother, he unconsciously lowered himself to a level in his heart. He felt that in front of Li Mu, he was a junior. After all, he had been in society for so long that he no longer ranked people according to age and school time. Instead, he ranked them according to social status and strength in his heart.

He did not feel inferior, but in front of Li Mu, he still felt that he was a head shorter than him.

Hearing Li Mu speak so politely, Chen Tong felt a little embarrassed. He said politely and humbly, "Li Zong is too polite. Compared with you, I'm not a big name."

Li Mu said with a smile, "If Senior Brother Chen was not from the National People's Congress, then you could call me Li Zong, and I would have no problem with that. But you and Liu Shixiong are both seniors of the National People's Congress. Out of respect for the school, I have to call you senior brother. Besides, we don't have any business dealings. If Liu Shixiong calls me Li Zong at work, I can reluctantly accept it. But in this kind of private gathering and drinking occasion, you still call me Li Zong, which is a bit unreasonable."

Li Mu's words were like a soft general to Chen Tong. Although his tone was very calm, it made Chen Tong feel a bit of pressure. He could only nod and say, "Alright, then I'll be like Feng Dong and call you by your name."

Nodding his head in satisfaction, Li Mu smiled. "I've basically listened to everything that Senior Brother Chen said today, and I'm deeply touched. On behalf of Taobao's operations team, I have to thank you for your selfless teaching today."

Chen Tong waved his hand politely. "You're too kind. It's not a big deal. I'm just here to talk about some of my humble opinions on the Internet. I don't know if it will be useful to Taobao's operations team."

"Of course."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The Taobao's operations team is different from the technical team. The technical team is mostly supported by the technical backbone of Makino Technology. Whether it is experience or strength, they are the best in the industry. However, the operations team is a new team that has just been established, and there are still a lot of shortcomings in terms of experience. You gave them a very meaningful lesson today, and it will definitely play a very positive role in their future development."

Liu Xiaodong also said, "That's right, Senior Brother Chen. E-commerce has always been a new industry, and it hasn't really developed in the country, so everyone doesn't have much experience. We especially need a senior like you to share some in-depth insights in the Internet field."

Chen Tong's face was a little hot. He said, "Whether it is now or in the future, the achievements of the two of you in the Internet field are far above mine, so don't work together to kill me …"

"It's not the same."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Liu Shixiong and I are now focusing on the product, platform, and ecology, but we are far less professional in controlling the content than you."

Chen Tong asked Li Mu curiously, "What do you mean by ecology?"

Li Mu said, "Ecology is the vertical and horizontal cooperation between various products to create an ecological system that maximizes the use of resources and investment. For example, the cooperation between several major products of Makino Technology, the sharing and joint development of user groups, and so on."

Chen Tong nodded thoughtfully and said, "Makino Technology is involved in so many fields. Is it building its own ecological system?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, including Taobao and Alipay, they are also part of this big ecological system."

Chen Tong took the opportunity to ask him, "What is the positioning of the navigation website in Makino Technology?

This kind of low-tech website seems to be different from the usual style of Makino Technology. "

Li Mu asked, "In your eyes, what is the style of Makino Technology?"

Chen Tong thought for a moment and said, "I feel that the style of Makino Technology is: to use superior ideas and technology to do things that others have not thought of or can't do."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That is only a part of it. In the field of literature and art, it is said that both refined and popular tastes are appreciated. In the Internet industry, it is more about the combination of high and low. Although the technical content of the navigation website is not high, it is an indispensable online tool for large users."

There was one thing that Li Mu did not say. He had now mastered the communication entrance for users to surf the Internet, the entrance for users to shop and pay, but he had not yet mastered the Web entrance for ordinary users to surf the Internet. The navigation website was a very important Web entrance, especially the portal.

Chen Tong also felt that Li Mu must be hiding something. That was because he felt that in the past, most of the products that Makino Technology made were high profile, and everyone in the industry knew about them. But for YY123, they had not really spread out. They only used their own products to promote this navigation website. In the past, they had been very high-profile on the navigation website, but there was still no sign of them at all.

Actually, Li Mu had been prepared for a long time. It was just that he had been focusing on Taobao recently. Now that Taobao was online and had achieved great success, he could free up his energy to focus on the plan to deal with Hao123 and Sina.

At the moment, YY's red, white, and green list function, as well as the domain name blocking function, had been developed, but it had not been released yet. Once the battle with Sina started, all information about Sina would disappear from the YY ecosystem, which had more than 100 million users. When Hao123 also got its hands on it and successfully linked to YY123, Sina would completely disappear from YY123.

At the dinner table, Chen Tong found an opportunity to ask Li Mu about a topic related to portals, "Does Makino Technology have any intention of developing a portal?"

Li Mu could see Chen Tong's feelings and belonging to Sina. He knew that he would not be able to poach Chen Tong by simply talking to him, so he lied and shook his head. "Portals are not very useful to Makino Technology at this stage. I'm not ready for that yet."

Although it was not appropriate to lie, he could not tell Chen Tong that he had already started to prepare for a portal. If Chen Tong reported back to Sina and combined it with what he had done with YY123, Sina would be able to guess his motives. Things would get tricky then. Before he successfully acquired Hao123, he could not leak any information about the portal.

Even though Li Mu did not reveal anything about the portal, Chen Tong was still very worried. The ecological concept that Li Mu emphasized today finally made him understand what Li Mu was trying to do. He was constantly building new weapons, and his ultimate goal was to build one or more powerful aircraft carrier battle groups. YY was one of those aircraft carriers, and it was the soul of Makino Technology's huge ecosystem. Now that Sina was openly poaching people to develop UC to go against YY, it could be considered as Li Mu's future nemesis. God knows what Li Mu would do next.

The three of them chatted in the private room for a long time. After all, they were all graduates of the National People's Congress. Although Li Mu was a new student, he was from the same roots as the two of them. Moreover, they were all in the internet industry, so they had a good chat. However, Chen Tong had always been wary of Li Mu. Although he hid it well, he could not hide it from Li Mu's sharp senses.

Although Chen Tong was the standard paranoiac in Li Mu's eyes, Li Mu's expectations of poaching him into Makino Technology were getting stronger. In the future, Makino Technology would not only be a portal but also an internet entertainment industry. It would have to build its own high-quality content library. Not only web content, but it would also include videos, music, books, movies, games, and so on. All these required a strong content controller, and Chen Tong was the most suitable candidate. In the future, Li Mu wanted to poach him to build a huge content chain that would support its various hardware, software, and MIUI. Li Mu's goal was the same.

Poaching him was a long way off.

…

After saying goodbye to Chen Tong and Liu Xiaodong at the entrance of the Japanese restaurant, Li Mu walked back to Yucheng Garden alone. Because he wanted to drink, he left his car outside the Taobao Cafe.

On the way, Ning Hao, whom Li Mu had not contacted for a long time, suddenly called him. Li Mu thought that there was some progress on the two movies, but he did not expect him to tell Li Mu a strange news: A charity fund in Hong Kong suddenly took the initiative to contact Makino Image, hoping to invite Du Wei to a fundraising party in Hong Kong in the middle of this month.

Li Mu was very surprised and asked him, "Why would they invite Du Wei to a fundraising party in Hong Kong?"

Ning Hao said, "Their PR email said that the person in charge of their fund admires Du Wei very much, and Du Wei also has a good foundation of popularity in Hong Kong, so they hope that Du Wei can participate in this fundraising party as a special guest, so that it can also promote the cooperation between Hong Kong and the mainland in terms of charity."

Li Mu was even more puzzled, and could not help but ask, "What charity fund?"

Ning Hao coughed twice, cleared his throat, and said, "The Seedling Protection Fund is a charity fund that specializes in protecting and preventing minors from being sexually assaulted."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "This foundation's focus is a bit different …"

Ning Hao said, "It is a bit different. The other party knows that Du Wei's management contract is with our company, so they directly sent an official letter. If you don't think it's appropriate, then I'll send an email back to reject them."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "How about this, forward the email to my email. It just so happens that I have to talk to Du Wei and her sister in the next two days about Du Wei's endorsement of YY. When the time comes, I'll ask Du Wei for her opinion."

Ning Hao said, "Okay, I'll forward the email to your email later."

Li Mu grunted in acknowledgment and asked him, "How's the matter with the 'Thief among Thieves' movie going?"

"The script and the storyboard are almost done. I've found some old friends, and the crew is almost ready. I want to go to Yuzhou this week to take a look and find a suitable filming location."

Li Mu said, "Hurry up. If you decide on a time to start filming, quickly make an appointment with Andy Lau's management company and see if you can lock in his schedule."

Ning Hao said, "Okay, I'll do it as soon as possible. Oh right, last time you asked me to find a suitable director for a school romance film, I have a suitable candidate this time!"