Chapter 1607

After lunch, Makino Technology's motorcade took the young British royal to Makino Technology. At this time, all the staff of Makino Technology were ready and ready.

Li Mu gave William a very high courtesy. All the company's leaders above the director level accompanied William to visit all the departments of Makino Technology. At the same time, Li Mu personally acted as a guide to explain to William the composition and significance of each department, as well as each segment of business.

YY reporters followed and filmed the whole process. All the photos could be published directly. The video only needed to be reviewed by the internal control department to ensure that no confidential information was leaked before it could be released to the public.

At this time, Makino Technology had not yet built its own office building and industrial park. Thousands of people lived in a 16-story office building in Zhongguan Village. The companies in the building had moved out in the past year. This was also the result of Makino Technology's continuous efforts.

In order to persuade those companies to leave, Makino Technology had given nearly 10 million yuan as moving subsidies to other companies. To outsiders, it was a bit of a waste, but in the eyes of Li Mu, it was very worthwhile.

Although Makino Technology took over the entire building, it did not invest a lot of money in renovation. This was also Li Mu's personal intention. On the one hand, large-scale renovation would affect work very much. On the other hand, renovation would inevitably bring pollution. He did not want employees to risk their lives in the office with excessive formaldehyde.

When William first came to Makino Technology, he did not even expect that such an ordinary office building would be the headquarters of the world's most valuable Internet company. He could not believe that it was the many products produced in this building that closely connected netizens all over the world.

If the Internet was a link connecting the world, then this place was the hub of this link. In the past, the Internet was built on the basis of information transmission. Because of Makino Technology, the current Internet had established the foundation of global social and information interaction.

Information transmission and information interaction were two completely different concepts. In the earliest days of the Internet, information transmission could be achieved in the global network environment using email. However, that was only information transmission. Even in the early era of MSN and QQ, the Internet was still peer-to-peer information transmission within a small range. It was only when Makino Technology truly established the global social model that the Internet truly entered the era of information interaction.

Li Mu asked William, "Which product of Makino Technology that left the deepest impression on you?

We can go to that department first. "

William said almost without thinking, "My deepest impression is YY. Until now, I can't forget the shock of using the group chat function in YY for the first time. It was like instant messaging had suddenly entered a new era. It was the first time a large group of people were pushed in front of me at the same time. For me, it could be said to be an epoch-making impact."

As he spoke, William said with a serious face, "Actually, I have a deep impression of every product of Makino Technology. Apart from YY, I'm most interested in Twitter, which is now further connected to the world."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then let me take you to the YY department first. That is also the largest team of Makino Technology."

The YY department of Makino Technology occupied two floors. Just product technology and various research and development alone accounted for more than half of it. After he humbly greeted the employees of Makino Technology, he asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, there are so many employees in the YY department. What exactly are they doing?"

Li Mu explained, "More than half of them are R&D personnel. The rest are operation personnel and other support personnel. We also have a customer service center with nearly a thousand employees. However, the customer service center is not built here. It's in another office."

William asked with great interest, "Then can I ask what the R&D personnel are mainly researching and developing?

Is it developing a new version?

Or a new function? "

Li Mu said, "A small portion of the R&D personnel are researching new versions and new product functions. Most of the R&D personnel are actually researching and developing things at a lower level."

William said a little embarrassedly, "Li Zong, I don't know much about this, so I don't really understand. What are the things at a lower level that you're talking about?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Let me give you an example. Right now, we're not building one building. We're building countless buildings all over the world. So what we're really researching and developing with all our might is a more scientific, safer, more effective, and more cost-effective construction plan. For example, we have to start from the most basic cement and steel bars and continuously optimize them. Only then can we build buildings all over the world quickly and steadily."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "Look at this YY product. In the beginning, it only had a few hundred daily active users. Now, it has more than a hundred million daily active users worldwide. This isn't just a quantitative change, but a qualitative one. We've built a large number of data processing centers all over the world in order to provide support for such a huge Internet product. If our people at the bottom of the infrastructure can reduce the per capita data processing requirements of our product by 10%, it will be of great benefit to the development of our entire business and the long-term development of the company's other businesses."

William nodded lightly and sighed. "I rarely see large Internet companies in the UK. There are relatively few Internet companies in the UK to begin with. Coupled with the lack of such a high-tech atmosphere, the overall development of the Internet industry in the UK is still a little slow. However, the development of the Internet is so rapid that I'm really worried that the Internet industry in the UK will be completely abandoned by the trend of the Internet because of a momentary slowdown."

As he said that, William asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, I wonder if I could trouble you to provide some support and training for the Internet industry in the UK in the future?"

Li Mu smiled and asked, "What kind of support and training does Prince William want us to provide for the Internet industry in the UK?"

William said, "Although I don't know much about the Internet, in my opinion, the two most important things in any industry are nothing more than business models and resources. So I wonder if you can provide some help in these two aspects?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Although business models are very important, things like business models require everyone to use their brains to think about it. In this regard, it's very difficult for me to help other entrepreneurs think about it. They need to think hard on their own in order to find new models or new variants of the existing Internet business models. However, in terms of resources, I can provide some preferential policies."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "How about this? Makino Technology can hold an Internet Entrepreneurship Project Competition in the UK later and take out 10 million pounds to set up an Internet Venture Capital Fund in the UK. Anyone who gets a place in the competition can get an angel round investment from Makino Technology. At the same time, Makino Technology currently has the largest data processing center in the UK. We can provide services for free or at a lower price to the companies that get a place in the competition to further reduce their start-up costs."

This request of William was actually arranged for him in advance by Li Mu.

Li Mu tailor-made a packaging for William's visit to Makino Technology. The packaging method was to learn from Makino Technology's advanced Internet thinking and hope that Makino Technology could provide help to the local Internet companies in the UK to a certain extent.

Li Mu needed to bestow enough positive influence on William. If William only visited for private purposes, it would be difficult to bring about much improvement to his personal influence. However, if he visited in a private capacity with the fundamental motive of benefiting the country and the people, his image in the eyes of the people in his own country and even in the world would naturally be much higher.

Moreover, Li Mu would not let William come to Hua Xia empty-handed. After this core packaging was released, Li Mu would have to "respond to Prince William's request and provide some support and help to the local Internet companies in the UK." This would also give William a targeted impression. It could be said that he was helping William to the end.

Using 10 million pounds to set up a Venture Capital Fund, organize a Entrepreneurship Competition, and provide other resources and discounts. It could be said that Li Mu had given William a lot of face. Not to mention anything else, William had already obtained very considerable benefits for the UK Internet industry through his own efforts.

As for Li Mu, it seemed like he had done a lot of work in this matter, but in fact, Li Mu would also benefit a lot from it.

The Entrepreneurship Competition was the same as a talent show. It was an opportunity to find a good project. Not only did he have to select and promote good projects, but he also had to invest the money in his Venture Capital Fund. This way, the probability of success would be higher than under normal circumstances. If he could make a few successful projects, not only would he be able to recover the cost, but he would also have a rich profit margin.

The reason why talent shows had been popular for a long time was actually similar to the Entrepreneurship Competition. The organizers not only wanted to earn ratings and attract attention, but they also wanted to sign potential artists. As the saying goes, I make you popular, and you help me make money. This was basically the logic.

However, for Li Mu, Prince William's visit to Makino Technology was not just a big gift from him. William's halo would naturally add points to Makino Technology.

William's visit was carefully created by Li Mu for Makino Technology. It was an opportunity to promote itself in the European market and enhance user recognition.

From a global point of view, Makino Technology was obviously more well-known than William. Therefore, the news of Makino Technology made all of Hua Xia, and even people around the world who did not know about the British royal family and William, know about him.

However, in Europe alone, Prince William and the Windsor family behind him were far more well-known and loved by the people than Makino Technology and any other company.