Chapter 1320

The angry crowd smashed the door of the pharmacy, and the "actor" was beaten into a pig's head. The scene was chaotic.

Don't underestimate the combat strength of these middle-aged and old people. Although they looked very weak, they had a lot of adrenaline in their bodies. Once the adrenaline was stimulated, the fighting power they could unleash was no less than that of young people.

When the crowd was extremely angry, each individual would lose basic rationality. With so many irrational people gathered together, it was easy for them to overheat.

Seeing her brother-in-law being beaten and screaming, and the glass door and counter of the shop being smashed one after another, the lady boss, who was disguised as a salesperson, panicked. She immediately called her husband, who had already withdrawn from the show. As soon as she opened her mouth, she screamed loudly, "Husband, come back quickly. They smashed our shop!

They even beat up the second son! "

"Damn, someone smashed the shop!?

Wait, I'm coming! "

The boss walked five or six hundred meters away and turned into the alley, so he couldn't hear the commotion in his shop at all. When he received the phone call, he felt like his head was about to explode. Smashing his shop meant smashing his rice bowl, not to mention that it was the most critical time to make a lot of money. Therefore, without thinking, he turned around and ran back to the shop crazily.

When he arrived at the shop, the chaos was still going on. His brother was pressed on the ground and beaten violently. Even the old lady picked up a walking stick and stabbed him fiercely. His wife was so scared that she hid behind the counter with the salesperson and kept crying. The most incredible thing was that the people who were beating people turned out to be the customers who had been deceived by him and his brother.

What the hell?

Could it be that after he left, his brother made an impromptu scene again and angered everyone?

Not daring to think too much, the boss hurriedly stepped forward to stop the fight. As he pulled them away, he advised, "Everyone, although this person is a little arrogant, it's illegal to beat people!"

An old man who was pulled away by him said angrily, "Don't stop me. I'm going to beat this bastard to death today!

I've lived for more than 60 years, and I've never been played like a monkey like today … "

As soon as he finished speaking, the old man looked at the boss, frowned and said, "Hey, didn't you leave after buying the things?

Why are you back? "

"Yes!

Why did you come back after leaving for so long? "

Many people recognized the boss. He was the one who had the most scenes just now and left a deep impression on people. Since the trick of pretending to be a rich man to anger the crowd had been seen through, his sudden appearance at this time instantly made people feel a strong sense of conspiracy.

"Ah?"

The boss was stumped by the question and said in a panic, "I wanted to come back to buy another pack of medicine …"

At this time, the guy on the ground who had been beaten up shouted hoarsely, "Brother, don't talk nonsense with them. Hurry up and call the police!"

With just one sentence, the case was completely solved.

The old man was so angry that he trembled. He pointed at the boss and scolded, "You damn b * stard, so you are also a liar. You are all working together to deceive us, aren't you?

I'll beat you to death today! "

As soon as he finished speaking, he kicked out, and the other enraged crowd swarmed forward …

He had no choice, he was simply too angry.

They had already been scared out of their wits by the epidemic and had made up their minds to spend a lot of money to buy medicine. In the end, they had been fooled by the black-hearted peddlers. Who could take this lying down …

The boss was beaten so badly that he could not fight back. As he wailed, he shouted, "Wife, call the police!"

Panicking, the lady boss dialed 110 in a hurry.

By the time the call to the police was over, her husband had already been beaten black and blue. Compared to the rich man, the traitor who lurked among the people and played both sides was more hateful.

"I've already called the police!

None of you who beat people up will be able to escape! "

The terrified and angry lady boss mustered up the courage to shout. The beating seemed to slow down, but soon, someone shouted, "The police won't come that fast. Let's beat them for another five minutes, then go home and buy medicine online!"

The beating continued …

Seeing that there was no way to change the situation, the lady boss could only sit on the ground and cry.

A few minutes later, the crowd quickly dispersed, leaving behind the two brothers who were covered in bruises and bruises, as well as the mess on the ground.

When the police came and asked for the reason, they were also filled with disgust for the profiteers. They left after saying that they would investigate, leaving the shop owner and his wife crying in each other's arms.

To them, getting beaten up was secondary. The most important thing was that their source of income had been cut off!

Their source of income had really been cut off. YY once again announced to the entire country: Taobao website will start selling emergency supplies at eight o 'clock tonight. All supplies will be supplied at a fair price. At the same time, Taobao Logistics will do its best to ensure the delivery of the goods, so that users can receive the corresponding supplies as soon as possible.

This news was a devastating blow to all the profiteers who were hoarding supplies and preparing to make a fortune. The price of goods increased by several times or even dozens of times. If there was a shortage of supplies in the market, then no matter how the price was set, everyone could make a fortune together. However, if there was a stable supply quota in the market, and the other party did not cooperate with the price increase, then everyone who was hoarding supplies would be wiped out!

Many profiteers and netizens began to pay attention to Taobao website. Everyone realized that on Taobao website's special page, there were indeed many types of epidemic prevention supplies ready for sale. Moreover, Taobao website also included very detailed epidemic prevention science, which shattered many rumors and corrected most people's misconceptions about epidemic prevention.

For example: White vinegar was basically useless for air and household disinfection, unless people were soaked in vinegar.

For example: 84 disinfectant or similar disinfectant was indeed useful, but it had to be used in moderation. It had to be diluted according to the normal ratio, and it should not be used in excess. Otherwise, it might be harmful to one's health. Take 84 disinfectant as an example. The dilution ratio was 2 to 5 parts per thousand. What kind of concept was that?

In a thousand milliliters of water, one bottle of disinfectant cap was enough. In that case, once or twice a day, a bottle of disinfectant with 200 milliliters of disinfectant would be enough for an average household to use for about a month. There was no need to buy a large amount of disinfectant at home.

For example: Ordinary medical masks, disposable masks, and dustproof masks were useless against the virus. It did not matter even if you wore a few layers, because their epidemic prevention level was not high enough. If you wanted to resist the virus as much as possible, you had to reach the "N95" level. Therefore, you had to buy the "N95" level mask to be truly effective. An N95 mask could be used for about a week to ten days. Therefore, consumers did not need to hoard a large number of masks at home.

Another example: You had to develop the habit of washing your hands frequently, especially when you returned home from outside and before you ate. You had to wash your hands carefully and use products such as soap and hand sanitizer with sterilizing effects. If possible, it was best to carry a bottle of alcohol-based hand sanitizer with you so that you could disinfect your hands at any time.

There was another very important point: Taobao clearly reminded the netizens that whether Radix Isatidis could prevent SARS had not been confirmed by any authoritative department, and there was no medical literature or relevant evidence to prove that Radix Isatidis could prevent influenza and infectious pneumonia. Therefore, everyone was advised to look at it rationally. Instead of blindly believing in Radix Isatidis, a medicine with uncertain curative effects, it was better to insist on wearing a mask and washing your hands frequently when you go out. Moreover, Taobao did not rule out the possibility that Radix Isatidis could prevent and treat SARS. Moreover, it was possible that there was a stakeholder manipulating the price of Radix Isatidis.

The last sentence was very important. Taobao naturally did not have any concrete evidence to find out who was the first to spread this statement. There was also no way to track down how many people in the country were maliciously hyping up the price of Radix Isatidis. Therefore, they used the possibility of someone manipulating the price of Radix Isatidis. They believed that a considerable number of netizens would be able to understand the whole story after reading this. There must be something fishy about an item that was usually worth a few yuan being hyped up to hundreds of yuan.

The reason why he wanted to do this was that Li Mu wanted to use Taobao to stabilize the current prices of related supplies. His fundamental purpose was not simply to move the wave of panic buying that happened offline to the Internet. He hoped that everyone could look at the epidemic scientifically and rationally. Therefore, he personally recorded a short video on the special page of Taobao. In the video, he appealed to everyone: Don't lack attention, but don't worry too much. Don't be unprepared, but don't make useless preparations either. You must treat it rationally and scientifically.

After that, Li Mu also introduced the purchase process of Taobao's corresponding supplies in the video.

First of all, although the reserve of supplies was very large, it would definitely not be enough if the entire country's people were to go crazy over it. Moreover, to prevent people from maliciously buying in bulk, Taobao had set a few rules:

The country was divided into "confirmed epidemic" and "no epidemic".

If there was a confirmed case locally, it would belong to the "confirmed epidemic" area. The purchase of disinfectant, Radix Isatidis, hand sanitizer, masks, gloves, and other supplies would be allowed. However, the relevant supplies could only be purchased once per cycle.

Taobao had also made a very clear explanation as to what was meant by "one set". 200 ml of disinfectant was one set, 25 small packets of Radix Isatidis was one set, a single bottle of hand sanitizer was one set, three masks were one set, and three gloves were one set. The cycle was ten natural days.

In other words, users who had a local epidemic could buy at most one set of each supply at a time. This would basically be enough to meet the epidemic prevention needs of a family of three for ten days.

As for the local areas that had no confirmed cases, they belonged to the "no epidemic" area. Users in this area would not be allowed to purchase supplies such as disinfectant and Radix Isatidis. They would only be allowed to purchase masks, gloves, and hand sanitizer, and they could only buy one set per cycle.

Taobao's confirmation of the epidemic was linked to YY's rolling broadcast. Once a confirmed case was found in a region, YY would broadcast it and Taobao would allow users in that region to purchase the supplies.

The reason for this division was to ensure that the supplies were first supplied to the people who needed them. On the other hand, it was to stabilize the mood of the people in the areas where the epidemic had not been discovered. If there were no confirmed cases locally, there was naturally no need for them to worry too much.

At the same time, in order to prevent malicious registration of multiple accounts, Taobao required users to authenticate their real names before purchasing the supplies. The registrant had to upload his or her personal ID information. This information would be verified with the household registration system of the public security department. If the users were in the same household register, even if they registered two or more accounts, they were only allowed to purchase once.

Finally, Li Mu announced a major decision of Taobao to the netizens all over the country. All orders for the purchase of supplies would be delivered by Taobao Logistics, and the shipping fees would be waived!

Li Mu did not intend to make money. He proposed waiving the shipping fees. On one hand, Taobao had the ability to bear the logistics costs of this batch of supplies. On the other hand, it was to make clear that Taobao's attitude and determination to not care about profits or even losses. At present, the starting price of express delivery was usually around 10 to 15 yuan. Air packages were usually around 20 yuan. If the user only bought a pack of Radix Isatidis, Taobao would still waive the express delivery fees. This was completely disregarding the cost. Only a large company with a strong sense of social responsibility would make such a decision.

All of Taobao's initiatives were unanimously applauded by the netizens. In particular, the popular science introduction made by Taobao, as well as the mechanism of "confirmed epidemics" and "no epidemics", were not only reasonable but also convincing.

Many people suddenly lost their previous superstition of "Radix Isatidis". Thinking about it carefully, there was no factual basis for the claim that it could prevent "infectious atypical pneumonia". It was completely unknown where it came from. Something without any factual basis was still being hyped up by the market, and the price was outrageous. From this, it could be seen that there was indeed something fishy behind this thing. Perhaps the majority of the people were treated as fools and obediently gave money to others.

As long as the enthusiasm level reached a certain level, the heat of the market would naturally quickly cool down. It was not expected to drop to the freezing point, but at least to a temperature that ordinary people could touch. It was also considered a good thing.

Apart from that, the originally somewhat restless masses began to have a calm mentality and thinking because of the mechanism of "confirmed epidemics" and "no epidemics". What Li Mu said was very reasonable. Everything could not be done with one foot in the sky and one foot on the ground. One had to have a clear aim. If there was no epidemic in the local area, there was indeed no need to be overly nervous. Radix Isatidis and disinfectant were not very meaningful. Wearing a mask that could prevent the virus when going out and washing your hands when entering home would basically have a very good effect.

At eight o 'clock, Taobao officially opened the sale of epidemic prevention materials.

Due to the double restriction of the quantity and the regional purchase limit, the sale did not cause a huge influx of traffic and turnover. However, it still caused a large number of users to purchase in the "confirmed epidemics" area. As Taobao's material reserves were extremely abundant, it was more than enough to deal with it.

From that night onwards, the major regional warehouses, sorting centers, and logistics and transportation teams began to get busy. They went all out to ensure that these materials were delivered to the hands of the users as quickly as possible.

These measures of Taobao had a very great social effect. The people's restless hearts because of the epidemic were greatly alleviated. Most importantly, they gradually turned from blind panic to rationality and calmness!

At this moment, in Beijing.

After hearing the report from his subordinate, an old man with a dignified expression nodded in relief. He had already heard all the reports about Li Mu, Taobao, and the epidemic. He smiled for a moment and gave a comment. "This young man is very good at doing things. He has a clear aim, and he is very flexible. Moreover, he is solid and pragmatic. He is a role model for private entrepreneurs."

The person beside him hurriedly asked, "Should I pass on your comment to Li Mu?"