Chapter 82

At about 11 o 'clock in the evening, when Li Mu just finished his shower, he heard a hurried knock on the door. He opened the door in surprise, only to find Zhao Kang standing at the door, gasping for breath.

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's wrong?"

"Guo …" Zhao Kang said hurriedly, he couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva, he said breathlessly, "Guo Lin …"

Li Mu frowned and asked, "What's wrong with Guo Lin?

Can't you catch your breath before you speak?

Come in first. "

Zhao Kang rubbed his chest with his hand and said anxiously, "Guo Lin, that old bastard, he's trying to scam my Uncle Li!"

"My dad?" Li Mu's eyelids suddenly twitched.

Zhao Kang scolded, "I heard from my dad that that old bastard secretly found Uncle Chen, the leader of Xiling Coal Mine's surveying team, Chen Hailong. He threatened and bribed him to frame your dad for stealing an imported instrument from the surveying team, it's said to be worth more than 90,000 yuan!"

Li Mu's heart skipped a beat and the veins on his forehead popped. "Really?"

Zhao Kang nodded and said, "Uncle Chen and my dad used to be from the same village, he's my dad's brother and they're very close. Tonight, he invited my dad to drink and told my dad about this. Guo Lin gave Uncle Chen two choices: if he's willing to cooperate, he'll give him 200,000 yuan and get a promotion at the end of the year, or if he's unwilling, he'll pack up and get laid off at the end of the year."

"Motherf * cker!" Li Mu cursed for the first time and asked, "What does that Chen Hailong want?"

Zhao Kang said, "He's hesitating now. 200,000 yuan isn't a small amount, but he won't feel comfortable taking it, afraid that it'll be exposed one day. But if he doesn't take the money, Guo Lin will lay him off at the end of the year. His wife doesn't have a job, and his son hasn't graduated from university yet. It's the time when he needs money.

In any case, it's life or death. "The veins on Li Mu's forehead throbbed in sync with his heartbeat. He didn't think that Guo Lin would use such a method to take revenge on him.

Li Mu had heard a lot about thefts in the mines, especially in state-owned enterprises like the Xiling Coal Mine. Thefts were endless. Some people stole coal, some stole iron, some stole electric cables, equipment, and even some stole explosives. In recent years, the public security also came over and arrested a lot of them. Moreover, after determining the nature of the crimes, they were really prosecuted and sentenced without mercy.

There were also many cases of framing others. He once heard from his father that there was a production team leader who colluded with others to steal electric cables. After his subordinate found out, he framed the other party. The value of the case was around 10,000 yuan, and the other party was sentenced to three and a half years in prison. An instrument worth more than 90,000 yuan, wouldn't that mean that it would take seven or eight years?

Since Guo Lin had decided to do something like this, he would definitely not do it on a small scale. He would definitely piece together the entire chain of evidence, leaving no loopholes.

Li Mu's brain was working very fast, and he carefully considered the chain of evidence needed to constitute a theft.

First, there would be witnesses. Either someone would frame his dad for stealing the device, or someone would frame his dad for selling the device. The leader of the measurement team, Chen Hailong, would naturally be the former, and Guo Lin might even have prepared the latter.

Second, there would be material evidence, which was the imported device that they wanted to frame his dad with. This was ready-made.

If that was the case, once Chen Hailong agreed to it, it would become a basic witness and material evidence. Although it was not comprehensive enough, if Guo Lin played some tricks and smoothed things over, he might be able to establish the case smoothly!

Li Mu was furious, and his whole body was trembling. Last time, it was like this. His conflict with Guo Yuhang had led to Guo Lin using tricks to get his parents laid off early. Now, because of his conflict with Guo Yuhang, Guo Lin wanted to frame his dad and put him in jail!

You're the mine manager, so you can use your power to avenge a personal grudge?

You're the mine manager, so you can do whatever you want?

Even a teenager knows that family members shouldn't be implicated. You're a mine manager in your forties and fifties, so how can you not understand?

Your son is a jerk, but you're worse than him!

Li Mu clenched his fists. 'If you want to play, then I'll play with you. And I'm going to make the first move. This time, I'm not going to play with Guo Yuhang, that rich playboy. I'm going to play with you, Guo Lin!'

Zhao Kang saw Li Mu's horrified expression, and quickly comforted him, "Li Mu, don't worry too much. Even if they really want to frame Uncle Li, you can ask Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun for help. I don't think Guo Lin will succeed."

Li Mu waved his hand, and said in a cold voice, "This isn't a question of whether they can succeed or not. If he thinks like this, he's already endangering my dad's safety. Unforgivable!"

"Then what do you want to do?"

"Think of a way to beat him first!"

After saying that, Li Mu found the remaining half of his dad's pack of cigarettes, took out a cigarette and lit it up. He frowned and thought for a long time. Zhao Kang also took out a cigarette and lit it up. He looked at Li Mu silently.

Under these circumstances, Zhao Kang knew he didn't have a suitable solution.

After finishing his cigarette, Li Mu put it out, slapped his thigh, and stood up. "How about this, you go back now and mobilize the core personnel you trust on Douban. Tonight, I want to disrupt his rhythm and buy some time to find his real weakness!"

…

"Chen Hailong, that coward, still hasn't made up his mind?"

The next afternoon, Xue Guilan was annoyed in the hospital's single patient room.

Guo Lin sighed, and said angrily, "That guy is still hesitating. He's mainly afraid that his framing of Li Daoping will be exposed."

Xue Guilan frowned. "How will it be exposed?

Didn't the guy who bought the secondhand equipment already agree?

Now, as long as Chen Hailong agrees, he'll smuggle the equipment out and deliver it to that guy, then report it to the police. "

Guo Lin said, "That's the problem. Chen Hailong doesn't think this logic is rigorous. Li Daoping has been laid off for many days, and before he was laid off, he didn't go back to work. Now that he's reported to the police that the total station is missing, he wants to blame Li Daoping for it. Chen Hailong is afraid that the police won't believe him."

Xue Guilan became even more anxious. "Didn't we agree on this? Chen Hailong just needs to tell the police that Li Daoping applied for the total station before he went on leave, and that the total station was never touched after he came back. No one opened the box to check. Now that it's been opened, there's no total station in the box, and they suspect that Li Daoping stole it. The police will definitely investigate all the people in the city who bought the equipment, and once they find the machine, they can insist that it was Li Daoping who sold it. Wouldn't that solve everything?"

Guo Lin gritted his teeth and said, "That's what I told Chen Hailong, but that bastard is still hesitating, he won't give me a straight answer!"

Guo Yuhang, who was lying on the hospital bed, said angrily with a sobbing tone, "Dad, if he doesn't agree, give him another hundred thousand. If he still hesitates, give him another hundred thousand. Anyway, before I leave the hospital, Li Daoping must be arrested!"

Guo Lin nodded. "That's the only way. Don't worry, Dad will talk to him tonight."

The family of three suddenly fell into a strange silence, each with their own thoughts.

A phone rang broke the silence. Guo Lin glanced at it and realized that it was his old boss, Han Lu.

Han Lu used to be the previous mine manager of the West Ridge Coal Mine. Later, he was transferred to the Mining Corporation as the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee. Before he left, he had promoted Guo Lin to the position of mine manager. It could be said that Han Lu was Guo Lin's backer, and Guo Lin was also Han Lu's spy in the West Ridge Coal Mine.

"Secretary Han." Guo Lin's voice was full of respect.

"Xiao Guo, what's the matter with you?

Everyone is saying that you're the mine tyrant of Xiling Coal Mine. They've listed down your many crimes of bribery and bending the law. They're also saying that you've been keeping a female university student for a long time, and even had an illicit relationship with a married young female teacher from Fifth High School. Even the corporation is talking about it!

Who did you offend? "

When Guo Lin heard this, he broke out in a cold sweat. Basically, everyone in the Xiling Coal Mine knew about his corruption, but he had never taken it seriously. Since he dared to be greedy, he wasn't afraid of others gossiping about him. He still had this awareness. Countless rumors about corrupt officials could fill a stack of books, but his official position was still stable. However, suddenly, there were people gossiping about him everywhere, and it even spread to the mining group far away in Pengcheng. This wasn't quite right!

He had been corrupted too many times, and he didn't know what evidence the other party had. But how did they know that he was keeping a female university student?

He had been very secretive about that matter!

Also, when did he have an illicit relationship with a female teacher from Fifth High School?

This was a standard venomous slander!

Guo Lin hurriedly asked, "Secretary Han, what's going on?

How did you hear about it? "

Han Lu reprimanded him angrily, "It's all over the internet!

I heard from my secretary that it's not only the internet in Haizhou, it's also all over the internet in Pengcheng!

The bankruptcy of your Xiling Coal Mine is just around the corner. After the bankruptcy is over, I still want to get you into the corporation before I retire. What do you want me to do now? "

Guo Lin panicked. Although he didn't know what was being said about him on the internet, he knew that if even Han Lu called to reprimand him, then this matter must have been blown out of proportion.

He hurriedly promised Han Lu, "Secretary Han, don't worry. I'll find a way to solve this problem as soon as possible!"

"You better hurry!

If the corporation's leaders and the Commission for Discipline Inspection notice you, then I won't be able to do anything! "

Han Lu was also very nervous at this moment. When it came to corruption, he was not inferior to Guo Lin at all. Guo Lin had even been filial to him for the past few years. Seeing that he was going to retire soon, Han Lu just wanted to take another bite of the cake of Xiling Coal Mine's bankruptcy and retire peacefully. It would be best if he could transfer Guo Lin from Xiling Coal Mine to the corporation. That way, he could have a trusted aide in the system. However, if something were to happen to Guo Lin at this time, it would not only affect Guo Lin's future transfer to the corporation, but also whether Han Lu could retire peacefully!

Han Lu also knew that there were only two extremes in his future. One was to retire peacefully, and the other was to retire in prison.

Guo Lin felt the immense pressure from Han Lu. After repeatedly promising and promising, he hung up the phone and immediately told his wife, "I have something urgent to attend to. I have to go."