Chapter 1606

For Lucky, who was only about two months old, it basically didn't understand any language, nor did it understand any commands. However, it had never heard Chinese before today, so its brain didn't have any conditioned reflexes toward Chinese. Therefore, when it heard the English pronunciation, its conditioned reflexes suddenly came into play.

Seeing Lucky running in front of her, Zhao Ziqiu immediately liked this little dog very much. She hugged it in her arms and said with a smile, "Can you only understand English?

Although you used to be a puppy of the royal family, you'll have to live in Hua Xia in the future. If you don't understand Chinese, you'll be despised by your owner in the future, understand? "

Lucky blinked its eyes and looked at Zhao Ziqiu in front of it. Suddenly, it stuck out its little tongue and licked the tip of her nose.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't mind. Instead, she used the tip of her nose to rub against its wet little nose. This seemed to make Lucky like her even more, so it stuck out its tongue like crazy to lick Zhao Ziqiu's face and chin.

Zhao Ziqiu dodged and said with a smile, "You're really friendly. Just hugging you made you so warm."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "I guess it likes you. I've been hugging it all the way, but it hasn't licked me."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Maybe it's because it just flew here for so long and hasn't gotten used to it yet. Puppies this age will stick to anyone. As long as you play with it, it will kiss you."

Li Ziwei said, "There are a lot of things in the car that Prince William brought over from England. Wait for me, I'll go get them."

As she said this, she looked at the food in her hands and said, "I'll bring the food in for you first."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Don't bother, Sister Ziwei. You can just give it to me. I'll bring it in myself."

Li Ziwei chuckled and said, "Play with it for a while. I'll bring it in for you."

With that, he walked inside.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't insist. She tucked her long hair behind her ears and squatted down to pat Lucky's head. She smiled and said, "Do you like the name Lucky?"

"Woof …"

Lucky looked at Zhao Ziqiu and called out in a crisp voice.

Zhao Ziqiu covered her mouth and laughed. "Do you like it or not?"

"Woof …"

"You like it?"

Zhao Ziqiu raised her eyebrows and said with a smile, "Then you're doomed. Your future master will definitely give you a new Chinese name, and from what I see, he definitely won't give you a very western Chinese name. There's a high chance that it'll be something like Wang Cai or Lai Fu."

Just as he said that, Lucky rolled over, revealing his pink belly. Zhao Ziqiu gently scratched it, and he looked like he was enjoying it.

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and asked, "Do you prefer Wangcai or Laifu?"

"Howl …"

"Haha, are you feeling wronged?"

Zhao Ziqiu felt that she was extremely fond of this little guy. It felt like she was overflowing with motherly love.

At that moment, Li Ziwei came out of the room and walked through the yard to the door. Together with the chauffeur, she moved a huge suitcase down. The chauffeur helped her push the suitcase all the way into the yard.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at the suitcase, which seemed to be able to fit a person inside. She asked in surprise, "Is everything inside for Lucky?"

"Yes."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "I don't know what's inside, but it's probably a lot of dog food …"

After that, Li Ziwei said, "I'll ask the chauffeur to help me carry the suitcase in case you can't carry it."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Don't worry, don't worry. Open it and see if there are any toys we can play with it for a while. Besides, it might be hungry. If there is dog food inside, we can feed it some."

Li Ziwei nodded and asked the chauffeur to help place the suitcase on the cement road in the yard. Then, she opened the suitcase.

When the suitcase was opened, the two of them were surprised to find a lot of pet supplies neatly arranged inside. There were two big bags of dog food in English alone. In addition, there were two big buckets of pet milk powder, many small cans, chewing gum, elastic balls, food bowls, many sets of clothes for puppies, as well as bells, collars, leashes, and even a silver dog tag.

On the front of the dog tag, there were five beautiful letters engraved: Lucky. On the back, it was written: From London, England, from London, England.

Li Ziwei joked, "I guess the British royal family is afraid that it won't have enough to eat when it comes to Hua Xia …"

Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "Actually, it's not. I guess the reason why they brought dog food is mainly because pets like kittens and puppies can't be changed at will. Because the ingredients of each finished food are different, and the fat content is also different. If they change all at once, it's easy to have diarrhea, so they eat both the old and the new food. At first, they mix more old food and less new food. Then, they change the proportion little by little until the transition is smooth."

Li Ziwei suddenly realized and said, "It turns out that there are so many things to pay attention to. I haven't raised a pet before, so I don't know these things."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I guess Li Mu knows less than you. If that's the case, this little guy will suffer in the future."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Then you can come over and take care of it often. I think Li Zong really doesn't look like a person who would raise a dog."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. At this time, Lucky jumped into the box and took out a green tennis ball. It came in front of Zhao Ziqiu and put the ball at her feet. Then, it excitedly circled her face a few times before it stopped and looked at her and kept barking.

Zhao Ziqiu picked up the ball and asked it with a smile, "Do you want to play?"

"Ow ow …" Lucky barked even more excitedly.

Zhao Ziqiu threw the ball far away. As soon as the ball left her hand, Lucky ran in the direction where the ball flew with its four short legs. As it chased, it kept barking excitedly.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at its interesting and cute figure and couldn't help but sigh. "This little guy is really too cute. I really want to secretly raise it in the dormitory."

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "If such a cute little dog were to be put in the dormitory, it would probably be ravaged by all kinds of people every day."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded gently and said with a smile, "It's definitely the kind that everyone loves."

"Yes."

Li Ziwei nodded and looked at the time. She said, "Ziqiu, I have to go. I'll ask the driver to help you get your things in. You should hurry in and eat. You can play with Lucky after eating, or else the food will get cold."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Okay, Sister Ziwei. You go ahead. I'll go in and eat now."

At this time, Lucky ran back with the ball in its mouth. Zhao Ziqiu picked it up and said to it, "Let's go, Lucky. Let's go in and eat. You must be hungry, right? I'll make you some dog food."

After Li Ziwei and the driver sent the box into the villa, they left. Zhao Ziqiu put Lucky on the ground and let it run freely on the first floor. She opened a bag of dog food and made something for it to eat.

After running two laps, Lucky heard the sound of dog food being poured into the food bowl. It immediately ran over happily and ran around Zhao Ziqiu.

Zhao Ziqiu held the food bowl and said to it, "Let's go to the dining room and eat with me."

As she said that, she brought Lucky, who was following her everywhere, to the dining room and put the food bowl at her feet.

The famished Lucky immediately pounced on Li Ziwei and gobbled down the food. Zhao Ziqiu smiled and opened the food that Li Ziwei had brought for him.

Just as she was about to eat, the phone in her pocket suddenly rang. It was a text message from Li Mu. He asked her, "Have you eaten?

Do you like the gift? "

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly replied, "I'm about to eat. I like the gift very much. It's so cute."

Li Mu quickly replied, "If you like it, I'll give it to you."

Zhao Ziqiu's fingers were flying. "I don't have a place to keep it. You can keep it here. Later, build a small kennel for it in the yard. During the day, let it play in the yard. At night, let it sleep in the house. Although the wall here is not high, it's more than enough to keep its short legs."

Li Mu replied, "That's fine. I'll arrange for someone to prepare it later."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "Are you going to change its name?"

Li Mu replied, "Of course. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. I'll give it a Chinese name."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Haha, I knew you would definitely change its name. What do you want to change it to?

Tell me and I'll give you some suggestions. "

Li Mu replied, "Let's call him Dog."

"Gosh … Wang Cai would have been fine. Why did you have to call him Dog?

That's too old-fashioned. "

"It's so down to earth … Look at how Westerners call dogs Dog and puppies Doggy. I've never heard anyone say that Doggy is old-fashioned. I call dogs Dog. Why is it old-fashioned?"

Zhao Ziqiu sat at the dining table and stared at his phone. He lowered his head and looked at Lucky, who was eating. He smiled and said, "Lucky, congratulations on having a Chinese name. Your Chinese name is Gou 'zi …"

Lucky, who was young and ignorant, knew nothing about this.

When Zhao Ziqiu finished eating, Lucky had also finished all the dog food in its bowl. Its belly was round as it rolled on the ground.

Zhao Ziqiu touched its belly and said with a smile, "Let's go, Dog. I'll take you out to digest your food."

When Lucky saw Zhao Ziqiu get up, he guessed that she was going out. He shouted excitedly and ran out behind her.

…

While Zhao Ziqiu was having fun with the royal corgi, Li Mu hosted a banquet at the hotel to entertain Prince William and his party.

Although William had stayed in Hua Xia for more than two hours, there was still no news of his arrival in Hua Xia.

Sitting at the dining table, Li Mu put down his phone and said to William, "By the way, I gave Lucky a Chinese name."

William asked curiously, "You got up so quickly?

What's your name? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's called Dog."

"Dog?" William repeated the Chinese pronunciation and asked in confusion, "What's the meaning of this?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's no meaning. It means Doggy."

"Oh, I understand …" William nodded gently and said with a smile, "This name is quite good. We're called Doggy, or Puppy."

Li Mu said with a teasing look, "My girlfriend suggested that I name it Wang Cai."

"Wang Cai?" William could not help but ask, "What does that mean?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It means, Make-me-richer, make me richer …"