Chapter 1373

178 famous singers, zero appearance fees, and a total of more than 60 million RMB in donations …

When these figures were put together, it was enough to shock the national audience.

Celebrities were public figures, and they had a very strong guiding effect on their fans. With so many celebrities from both sides of the Taiwan Straits and the United States contributing songs and donations to the fight against SARS, it naturally instilled a few positive values in their fans:

First, they should be like their idols and contribute to the fight against SARS.

Second, they should be like their idols and adhere to the idea of the great unity of both sides of the Taiwan Straits and the United States. This was because they were all compatriots of Hua Xia, and they were all related by blood.

And the fan coverage of 178 super A-list, A-list, and quasi-A-list singers covered almost all the audiences, so one could imagine the influence.

When Chen Wan officially announced the start of the performance, the first singer to take the stage was mainland singer Fu Disheng.

At the moment, he had two popular songs. One was "Intimate Lover," which he sang with his wife, and the other was "Everyone Paddle a Big Boat." These two songs, one was inspirational, and the other was inspirational.

At tonight's gala, Fu Disheng sang the inspirational song "Everyone Paddle a Big Boat."

This song had a history of ten years. Although it was not an outstanding musical work, it had a very positive core value. The lyrics called for people to work together to cross the ocean, so the theme was very suitable for this gala. Therefore, it was chosen by the director of CCTV as the opening song.

Including before his rebirth, Li Mu had not heard this song for at least ten years. When Fu Disheng sang this song on the stage, Li Mu, who was in the middle of his life, unconsciously hummed along.

Before this, Li Mu never felt that this song could move him. However, on this special occasion, under the influence of the environment, Li Mu was deeply moved by this song.

The truth in the song was simple and plain. One person could not sail a big boat, and it was difficult to fight against the waves. A chopstick was not firm enough, and a slap was not loud enough. It was the same in life and work. If three stinky cobblers were of one mind, they could match Zhuge Liang. If three to five friends were of one mind, they could achieve something. If three to five hundred people were of one mind, they could create a multinational company with a market value of more than 100 billion US dollars. Moreover, Hua Xia had 1.3 billion people.

The development of a nation could never be separated from the unity of the nation. It might not be difficult to prosper a nation, but unity would definitely prosper a nation.

The audience in front of the TV had the same feeling as Li Mu. Usually, when listening to Fu Disheng sing this song at an ordinary party, it was not as good as listening to him sing "Intimate Lover". However, when listening to this song in front of such a national event, the feeling was completely different!

It seemed that Fu Disheng, who was on the stage, also felt that this song was the most appropriate performance after singing for ten years. Therefore, he was especially engrossed.

When the song ended, the applause was thunderous.

Chen Wan came on stage and thanked Fu Disheng for his performance. She could not hide her excitement and said, "I have listened to this song many times, but it has never been as shocking as it is today. The more special the time, the more we need to work together!

Thank you, Teacher Fu Disheng, for your wonderful performance. I hope that this song can inspire every one of our Hua Xia compatriots! "

"Next, let's welcome Liu Dehua, a singer from Hong Kong. He will bring us his classic song, 'Hua Xia People'!"

Although Fu Disheng's song was very suitable for the theme of the party, he was not a popular singer after all. He did not have enough fans. However, it was different for Liu Dehua, who came on stage next. He was an evergreen tree in the Hong Kong entertainment industry. He became popular in his twenties and still had many fans in his fifties.

Liu Dehua was not the most popular in the Hong Kong entertainment industry, but he was definitely in the top five. Therefore, his appearance immediately caused the audience to scream crazily.

The song 'Hua Xia People' was still full of positive energy and could highlight the national pride. It was also a very suitable song.

Liu Dehua, who had seen all kinds of big scenes, performed impeccably in this performance. He did not live up to the title of Heavenly King at all. When he was halfway through singing, the atmosphere of the entire venue was especially enthusiastic. They thought that it would take at least four or five songs to warm up the venue, but it was boiling with his singing.

When he was about to sing the second chorus, Liu Dehua held the microphone and shouted, "Everyone, let's sing together."

Then, from the audience to the backstage actors and staff, everyone began to sing, "Hand in hand, no distinction between you and me, walk forward with our heads held high, let the world know that we are all Hua Xia people …"

Liu Dehua was also deeply affected by the atmosphere of the scene. After the song was finished, he held the microphone and said emotionally, "It is a great honor to be invited to participate in this extraordinary charity evening. As a Hua Xia person, I am deeply proud of the unity of our Hua Xia people. I believe that no difficulty can stop the continuous progress of the Hua Xia people!"

After Liu Dehua finished singing, both the atmosphere of the scene and the mood of the audience in front of the TV had been fully aroused. Then, He Lu walked up to the stage and introduced the third singer to the audience.

He Lu first thanked Liu Dehua for his wonderful performance, then said, "The third singer to come on stage is a male singer from Taiwan. He is famous for singing love songs and is recognized by fans across the three regions of both sides of the Taiwan Strait as the Prince of Love Songs. As early as ten years ago, he became popular across the three regions with his song 'Love Is Like the Tide'. And today, the song he will bring us is the song that touched countless audiences in the animated movie 'Lotus Lantern', 'Love is Just One Word'!

I believe that by the time I say this, many of the audience already know his name. So, I will count to three, please shout out his name loudly. Come on, one, two, three! "

As soon as he finished speaking, the audience below the stage shouted in unison and said three words, "Zhang Xinzhe!"

He Lu immediately said loudly, "That's right!

Let us welcome the Prince of Love Songs from Taiwan with a round of applause — Zhang Xinzhe! "

…

Central TV's arrangement of the solo singers was very meaningful. They had been arranging the singers from the three regions according to the order of the mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. The opening segment was a mainland singer, followed by a Hong Kong singer and a Taiwanese singer. Following that, the second round followed the same order, except that there were only two mainland singers.

Mei Yanfang, who was known as the daughter of Hong Kong, appeared in the second to last round. As one of the big names, she sang one of her classic songs, "Life Without Asking." This song was not an inspirational song, but it was a very chivalrous song, so it was appropriate on this occasion, and the effect was very good.

Zhang Guorong, as a senior superstar of Hong Kong's Four Heavenly Kings, appeared on stage in the last round. The song he chose was "It's All Thanks to You." On stage, he deliberately emphasized that this song was for all the angels in white who were fighting on the front lines of the fight against SARS.

Mei Yanfang and Zhang Guorong were both superstars who had been away from the stage for a long time. Their appearance on stage not only pushed the whole performance to a new high, but also had a profound impact on the fans and the Chinese music industry.

The last singer to appear on stage in the solo stage was the godfather of Taiwan's pop music, Luo Da You. The song he chose was "Tomorrow Will Be Better," which he wrote more than ten years ago. This song was definitely a classic among Luo Da You's inspirational songs. This song was originally sung by many artists, but in this performance, Luo Da You sang alone from beginning to end.

Luo Da You was a musical genius, but to be honest, his voice was average. If his ability behind the scenes was 100%, his ability on stage might not even pass. As the last solo song, the director was worried that his singing would be abnormal. But fortunately, this song was very familiar, so when Luo Da You sang the first line, "Gently knock on the sleeping heart, slowly open your eyes …", the audience involuntarily began to sing in chorus.

The emotional chorus immediately made the shortcomings of Luo Da You's voice irrelevant. The audience, including the audience in front of the TV, were all inspired by this song. No matter what difficulties they encountered today, everyone believed that tomorrow would be better!

When the chorus of "Tomorrow Will Be Better" ended, Chen Wan walked up to the stage and sighed, "Mr. Luo Da You's" Tomorrow Will Be Better "is very familiar to every one of Hua Xia's children. Thank you, Mr. Luo Da You, for your wonderful performance and the chorus of the audience. When I heard the chorus from backstage, I was so excited that my palms were sweating. I believe that the audience and the audience in front of the TV are deeply moved by this song, just like me …"

Speaking of this, Chen Wan paused and said, "Time really flies. Unknowingly, the performance of more than two hours is coming to an end. But next, there is a special 'singer' who will bring us the last song of tonight's performance. Speaking of this singer, I believe that the audience all over the country is very familiar with him, but you may have never heard him sing …"

At this time, the audience was already shouting, "Li Mu!

Li Mu! "

The other audience also reacted quickly, so the voices about Li Mu gradually became orderly and louder, until the entire recording studio was filled with the two words "Li Mu".

Chen Wan said with a smile, "It seems that everyone already knows. Then let us use the warmest applause to invite Mr. Li Mu, the founder of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology, and all our singers today to bring us a song called" A Loving Family "!"

Thunderous applause sounded. Li Mu adjusted his breathing and the position of the earpiece, then strode onto the stage with the microphone in his hand.