Chapter 174

"After a simple dinner, Liu Nian and Li Mu left the school and took the bus to their employer's house on Zhichun Road."

After the interview with Liu Nian ended, the camera quickly skipped through the clips of the two eating at the cafeteria, leaving the school, and taking a taxi to Zhichun Road. About 10 seconds later, the narrator continued, "Auntie Wei and her husband, Uncle Qin, and their son, Xiao Yu, have been waiting at home for a long time. At 6: 50 pm, Liu Nian rang Auntie Wei's door and began his first part-time tutoring experience in his life."

The scene matched the scene of Liu Nian and Li Mu entering the living room. The scene in the living room only paused for less than 5 seconds before the camera cut to the scene of Liu Nian and Xiao Yu entering the study together.

Then, the camera returned to the sofa in the living room. The reporter interviewed Auntie Wei, "Why did you choose the new tutoring platform, 3321, for your child?"

Auntie Wei smiled and said, "My child's dream is to get into Renmin University. In the past, we had found a few tutors for him to tutor different subjects. My child is always running around, and because there are a lot of students in the tutoring class, the results are not obvious. Coincidentally, 3321 was advertising in front of our neighborhood one day, and after learning about this model, I suddenly felt that it was feasible. In the past, we had always found all kinds of tutors to tutor our child. Why not just find a student who had just gotten into the National People's Congress and let him tutor our child?

Plus, my child is looking forward to this kind of learning exchange between peers, so we hired Liu Nian on 3321. "

The reporter asked, "Then what do you think of 3321's model?"

Auntie Wei said, "I think this model is mutually beneficial for us high school parents, our children, and those university students. Our biggest hope is that our child's grades can improve and get into a good university."

Uncle Qin, who was at the side, also said, "I think 3321 has a strong sense of social responsibility. Although it takes a certain amount of commission, the 5% is much less than other intermediaries. They also said that the money will be used for a bursary fund, and they will disclose the flow of the funds. This kind of pure public welfare project is really rare, and what's even rarer is that this project was actually initiated and founded by a university student. It's amazing."

The camera turned to Li Mu, who was sitting on the sofa. The reporter smiled and asked, "Student Li Mu, what do you think of yourself and 3321?"

Li Mu smiled and said confidently, "I'm just an ordinary university student. As for 3321, it might be the biggest and most transparent Internet scholarship project. Everyone can wait and see how it will develop in the future."

In the next two to three minutes, Li Mu did not accept any more interviews. The reporter filmed some scenes of Liu Nian tutoring Xiao Yu. After the tutoring, the reporter specially interviewed Xiao Yu in the study room, asking him how he felt about the two hours of tutoring. Although Xiao Yu was shy, he still said truthfully, "Senior Liu Nian has a very solid grasp of high school knowledge, and it was very easy to communicate with him. The learning atmosphere is also not as oppressive as school or cram school. I feel that the results are very good."

The reporter asked him, "This kind of learning atmosphere, did it increase your personal willingness to learn?"

"Of course, for me, it increased my willingness to learn a lot."

Following that, the camera cut to a close-up shot of Liu Nian on his way back to school. In the camera, because of his excitement, Liu Nian not only had a smile on his face, but he also seemed to be more confident than usual.

As the camera continued to blur, the narrator said, "It is reported that on Saturday alone, there were 1431 university students who found part-time tutors through 3321. Other than that, there are more than 5,000 registered students waiting for 3321's certification. They need to be certified before they can be auctioned by their parents. According to the reporter, as of today, there are more than 10,000 registered parents on 3321. It seems that the future of 3321 is just the beginning."

After the news ended, the brothers in Dorm 606 applauded. Liu Nian was a little embarrassed and lowered his head. Li Mu passed his phone to him and said with a smile, "Your parents should have finished watching the news. Give them a call and let them know."

Liu Nian nodded, took out his phone, and called the village canteen.

At this moment, Liu Nian's father was already waiting in front of the telephone. As soon as the phone rang, he immediately picked it up and blurted out excitedly, "Lai Zi, I just watched the news with your mother on TV. The people in the village all say that your son is amazing. He earns 800 yuan a week. My God, he earns more in a month than your parents earn in a year!"

Liu Nian said in his hometown dialect, "I won't be able to earn that much every week, but once it stabilizes, it shouldn't be a problem to earn 500 yuan a month. In the future, I will be able to support myself. Then, I will send 300 yuan home every month. You must let my sister finish high school."

The father and son chatted for a while more, then Liu Nian hung up and handed the phone back to Li Mu. He said with a smile, "My dad said that the people in the village didn't expect university students to be so amazing, earning so much money right after starting school. I reckon that the dropout rate of children in our village will decrease slightly in the future."

Li Mu nodded, feeling a little bitter in his heart. The gap between the rich and the poor existed everywhere. Sometimes, he felt that it was fate, but sometimes, he felt that it was a lack of social responsibility. Now, it seemed that a person's mentality and vision played a big role. If 3321 grew bigger in the future, he could put more effort into public welfare.

Li Yawei could also see that the people present were a little sad, so she quickly raised her beer. "Come, come, come, brothers, let's drink to Liu Nian and Righteous Dao. We'll celebrate them finding the opportunity to show the value of their lives!"

As she said that, Li Yawei asked Hu Zhengdao, "Righteous Dao, have you told your dad?"

Hu Zhengdao smiled and said, "Yes, when I told my dad, he didn't believe me either. But if he doesn't believe me, then forget it. I'm going to work hard until the winter break and save up some money to bring back to him. No cash is the most convincing."

Sun Jian smiled and said, "Yes, cash is still the most convincing."

As he said that, he raised his glass and said, "Let's drink to Liu Nian and Righteous Dao. And Li Mu, our 606 is going to have an awesome person who can shake the whole of Beijing!

...

Sun Jian was right. After tonight's episode on Beijing TV, Li Mu would really be famous in Beijing.

As soon as the special report was broadcast, it immediately attracted the attention of many people who paid attention to current affairs, especially among the students' parents and some special organizations. It caused a huge reaction.

The name "3321" and the mediocre name "Li Mu" suddenly entered the public's view.

Tan Yaocheng sat on the sofa at home and read the entire report about 3321 without missing a word. A few days ago, he had also seen the promotion of 3321 in front of his house, but at that time, he thought it was just a promotion from some training class or training school, so he didn't pay much attention to it. Until today, when he accidentally saw the true face of 3321 on TV. The most unbelievable thing was that 3321 was created by Li Mu.

The Li Mu who stood next to Liu Nian on TV was handsome and bright. Although he was full of confidence, he always maintained humility. He was completely different from the Li Mu he had interacted with before.

The Li Mu he interacted with was a young man who was arrogant and talented, arrogant and strong. However, after reaching the financing agreement with Li Mu, Tan Yaocheng actually admired Li Mu from the bottom of his heart. Today, when he accidentally saw the special report, he even started to worship Li Mu.

What kind of monster was this kid? The Tieba product had already surprised him with his profound internet thinking. He didn't expect that this kid would bring out a monster like 3321.

At the moment, no one had given a definition of O2O, which was online to offline, but Tan Yaocheng noticed that 3321 was different. It was different from Baidu, Yahoo, Tencent, and Mu Ye's Tieba. It was similar to eBay on a certain level, selling offline products online. However, it was also very different from eBay. eBay sold products, while 3321 sold services.

Moreover, Tan Yaocheng could keenly feel that 3321 had a natural political advantage. If any company could get involved with this project, then it would be too easy to use this project to cooperate with the government.

Tan Yaocheng also had a lot of dealings with local governments, so he knew the opportunities hidden in this.

He suddenly felt that he had to talk to Li Mu again. It would be best if Baidu could invest in the 3321 project. Even if they couldn't, Baidu would try to get 3321's technical support as the title sponsor. If Li Mu was willing to give the 3321 exclusive free technical support title to Baidu, Baidu could provide all the software and hardware support for 3321 for free, and even financial support.

In this day and age, who didn't want to be a socially responsible enterprise?

However, the practice of occasionally donating to disaster areas, poor areas, and sponsoring some scholarships for universities had long become a cliché. If they did it, they wouldn't stand out, and if they didn't, they would be scolded. It was not easy to create a public image for oneself.

Li Mu was drinking with a few of his dorm mates when he suddenly received a call from Tan Yaocheng. He immediately realized the old fox's motive for calling.

He hesitated for a moment, but still walked out of the private room. He found a place with no one around and pressed the answer button. He asked with a smile, "Mr. Tan, how come you have time to call me today?"

Tan Yaocheng laughed and said happily, "Li Zong, no matter what, we are partners. It's only right to have a relationship."

Li Mu grunted and said, "I was just about to look for you. Regarding the matter of the Tieba forum, you guys have to hurry up."

Tan Yaocheng immediately promised, "Don't worry, our technology will optimize the keyword search results next Monday. The traffic of the Tieba forum will definitely skyrocket."

As he spoke, Tan Yaocheng smiled and said, "Li Zong, do you have time to meet up soon?"

"Mr. Tan, what's the matter?"