Chapter 135

During the remaining days of the National Day holiday, Li Mu only had two things to do: eat and sleep, and sleep and eat. Other than having dinner at home on the first night, Li Mu ate out every night for the next few days.

After having dinner with Song Liang, he took Xiao Hao to a food stall the next day. After that, he and Zhao Kang bought train tickets for the evening of the 6th. Since he insisted on having dinner at home on the 6th, Li Mu invited Chen Wan to have lunch together as a farewell.

Chen Wan also decided to drive back to Jinling that afternoon. Since Li Mu had left, it was meaningless for her to stay in Haizhou.

Li Mu told his sister to be careful on the road and said goodbye to her reluctantly.

At seven o 'clock in the evening, Chen Wan sent him a message saying that she had arrived in Jinling safely. Li Mu packed his backpack and left home with Zhao Kang.

Li Mu only stayed for four days this time. Four days passed in the blink of an eye. Papa Lee and Li Ma were reluctant to part with him, but they all had their own missions now. Li Mu's mission was to study hard in Yan Jing, and his parents' mission was to support their careers and the future of their two families. After Li Mu left, Papa Lee and Li Ma were still holding the train tickets to Wen City the next night. They would leave on the 7th and arrive at Wen City on the 8th to sign the contract with Senma. Therefore, they didn't have much time to feel reluctant to part with Li Mu.

This kind of feeling was quite good for Li Mu. He was not a child. He understood the reality and respected the reality. He knew that the separation from his family was inevitable. Whether it was himself or his parents, they should focus on the proper business.

In the compartment, Li Mu and Zhao Kang smoked a cigarette each. Zhao Kang said to Li Mu in the noise of the train, "I did some research yesterday, and 90% of the internet cafes where my water army is playing Legend of Mir."

Li Mu nodded, "This game is a good way for us to make money. We'll be able to make some money in two months."

Zhao Kang asked, "Do you need me to set up a sales network in advance?

I have a lot of water army, and they are from all over the country. "

Li Mu smiled, "Alright, let's get our core members to work.

If they can act as our agents in their respective cities and help us run our proxy internet cafes, we will have more income, and it will be easier for you to maintain their business. "

Zhao Kang asked, "Then how are we going to give them commission?"

Li Mu said, "In the past, Sun Peng and the rest made stone tools.

They will pay 15 RMB a month, the internet cafes will pay 4 RMB, and the provincial governments will pay 3 RMB. I think we don't need to set up a provincial government. Just use your 30 to 40 core members and let them work in different cities.

Start from their own cities, and if there are no other players in the surrounding cities, they can take the initiative to develop the internet cafes. Whoever develops the market will get commission, and we will also give them 3 RMB. "

Zhao Kang said, "I understand. Shall we use Sun Peng's method to get the internet cafes to pay us at the end of every month?"

"That's the only way." Li Mu said, "We cannot let the internet cafes' bosses pay for the virtual products first.

Even Legend of Mir will not dare to do this in the future. They also have a top-up system, and the internet cafes' bosses will pay us once a month. Although this method is not reliable, it is a last resort. Don't worry, once the official version of Legend of Mir is released, no one will be able to compete with us. When the internet cafes have high demand, the internet cafes' bosses will not dare to default on our payments. "

Zhao Kang asked, "Didn't you say that the internet cafes' bosses can't earn much from selling tools?

When Er Bin bought Ah Bei's tool.

He only earned a few hundred RMB a month. "

Li Mu laughed. "Legend of Mir's performance in the future will be ten times that of the Stone Age. I dare to predict that the internet cafes will be occupied by Legend of Mir, and at least half of the people will know how to play it."

"That powerful?" Zhao Kang was dumbfounded.

If more than half of the people in the internet cafes know how to play a game, how powerful would that be?

Li Mu smiled. "Take some time to try out Legend of Mir. The skills of the three classes are very balanced, and the most important thing is the freedom to PK. There is only a small safe zone in the middle of the city.

You can't kill people in the safe zone, but once you leave the safe zone, you can kill other players as you please. There is also a chance to drop the other party's equipment when you kill them. This is a setting that will excite the players. Trust me, it will be very popular. "

…

There was only one more day before school reopened. Today was also the day when most of the students returned to school. When Li Mu arrived at the dormitory, he found that only Liu Nian was sleeping in. The others were not there. Li Mu asked him if the others had returned. Liu Nian, still in his pajamas, said that except for him and Lao Si, the others had not returned.

Li Mu woke Liu Nian up and dragged him to have breakfast. During breakfast, Li Mu was still curious about where Hu Zhengdao went. Liu Nian said that Hu Zhengdao left early in the morning and returned late at night during the holidays. He said that he was working outside, but Liu Nian didn't know what exactly he was doing.

Liu Nian said that he also wanted to work, but on the 3rd, a cold wind came to Beijing. He came from Guangxi and couldn't stand the weather in Beijing. In addition, he was thin and weak, so he fell sick for four days and had not fully recovered yet.

Li Mu looked at Liu Nian and felt a little sorry for him. Liu Nian was just over 1.6 meters tall, dark and skinny, and looked too fragile to stand up to a gust of wind. Besides, he had traveled thousands of miles to Yan Jing to study. His illness hadn't improved for several days, so he had to take care of himself.

So, Li Mu asked him, "Liu Nian, what kind of job are you looking for?"

"I don't know."

Liu Nian scratched his head. "I can only do part-time jobs after classes start. There are too many good universities in Zhongguancun. It's not easy for students from our National People's Congress to find a job as a tutor. Most parents are used to looking for teachers to tutor their children. Besides, I don't have a way to contact the students' parents. As for those jobs, they don't want me.

I'm worried … "Li Mu nodded and asked," About tutoring, have you tried it?

Are you sure it won't work? "

Liu Nian said, "I haven't tried it yet. I haven't gone out for a few days because I was sick. I originally wanted to write some advertisements and post them, but I asked a third-year senior during lunch. He said it's not easy. Some good opportunities have been taken by Yan University and Tsinghua University."

Li Mu said, "I don't think so. Yan University and Tsinghua University have advantages, but in terms of popularity, the National People's Congress is not much worse than them. It's probably because they didn't choose a good direction."

Then, Li Mu asked Liu Nian, "If you were given a chance to be a tutor, what age would you be willing to teach?"

"Junior high."

Liu Nian said with some uncertainty, "I haven't been a tutor before, so I don't have any experience. It's best if they are in the first or second year. It's easier. If they are in the third year, they will be graduating. I'm afraid that I won't be able to teach them well and it will affect their future."

"Idiot!"

Li Mu scolded. He slammed the table and said, "You have a wrong orientation. Why do you teach first and second years?

Think about it yourself. What's your biggest advantage? "

Liu Nian was scolded as an idiot by Li Mu. Feeling a little aggrieved, she said, "Brother Mu, you said that I don't have good looks, I don't have a head, I don't have a family background, and I don't even know what advantages I have …"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. "Your advantage is your college entrance examination results!

Pig brain!

Think about it. If you can get into the National People's Congress, it proves that your college entrance examination scores are very high. You are absolutely at the top among the high school graduates. Moreover, the college entrance examination has only passed for three months. You have the deepest memory of the three years of high school knowledge, and you are most confident. If you are a tutor for high school graduates now, you will definitely be able to exert your greatest strength!

But if you wait until you are a sophomore, this advantage will no longer exist! "

When Liu Nian heard this, his eyes lit up. "Mu Ge, what you mean is that I have to specifically find this year's high school students to tutor them?

I didn't dare to think about it before. I have just entered university, and I am only one year away from the high school students. Will the parents believe me? "

"Why not?" Li Mu asked back. An idea suddenly popped up in his mind.

There were so many universities in Beijing. There were a lot of universities like 958 and 211. There were definitely a lot of people like Liu Nian who wanted to find an opportunity to study part-time. If he helped them set up a tutoring website and displayed their basic information, liberal arts and science subjects, the college entrance examination scores, the university they studied, and their majors, then accurately promoted it to all the high schools in Beijing, especially the high school students and their parents. He would tell them that there were a large number of elites who had just participated in the college entrance examination and achieved amazing results. Their brains were still steaming with the knowledge of high school knowledge, and they were looking for an opportunity to tutor them. In this way, wouldn't the students and their parents be tempted?

Nowadays, the extracurricular tutoring of high school students was usually done by teachers of various subjects. However, there were no teachers who dared to say that they had no problems with all subjects. Only the top students who had just participated in the college entrance examination had this confidence. The fact that they were able to get into the top universities in Beijing was enough to prove that they were the most awesome and unparalleled college entrance examination machines.

However, the parents of the high school students should not have truly realized this point. If he could connect the buyers and sellers in this market, it did not matter if he could make money or not. The key was to provide the most suitable direction for these students who were working part-time and could solve their financial difficulties in life and study. This was definitely a good thing with boundless virtue.

Thinking of this, Li Mu almost couldn't sit still. He said to Liu Nian, "Take good care of your body for the next few days. It won't be long before I help you solve the problem of part-time tutoring."

After saying that, Li Mu got up and rushed out of the cafeteria. He flew to the house he rented in Yucheng Garden and directly turned on the computer. He registered a website, 33221. There was no other meaning, mainly because it was easy to remember and smooth. Who asked the word tutoring to be registered already? Besides, Li Mu didn't want the name of this website to be too narrow.

Li Mu's initial plan for 3321 was to first integrate the resources of high school students who were willing to be tutors, then gather these resources and rank them. As for how to rank them, for someone like Li Mu who had been in the internet industry for many years, it couldn't be more simple. It was a weighting system!

(To be continued.)

PS: