Chapter 593

"You eat first. I'll be right there."

Li Mu could only deal with it. He then washed his face with cold water again. The awkwardness in his heart did not lessen at all. Instead, it worsened.

Sometimes, men would be inexplicably "emotional." They would even encounter such embarrassing things in public. Under such circumstances, men generally had no choice but to sit down and cross their legs. They would either sit down and cross their legs, waiting for their emotions to subside before standing up. Or they would simply use something to cover their faces. For Li Mu, the best thing to do now was to wait for everything to calm down. Then, he would pretend that nothing had happened. However, Chen Wan's urging made him even more anxious.

Hearing Li Mu say that she should eat first, Chen Wan said, "I'm not in a hurry. I'll wait for you."

Li Mu felt helpless. Little brother, don't mess with me. I don't have any perverted thoughts. Why do you have to tease me at this time?

Also, you demon with those evil thoughts in your head. Although you have some inappropriate and perverted thoughts from time to time, can't you choose the occasion?

Now, you're teaming up with little brother to embarrass me. What are you two doing?

In his frustration, his phone received a text message. Li Mu hurriedly took out his phone and glanced at it. The text was from Hu Zhengdao. The content was: "Mu Ge, Yanan's mother is going to have a transplant tomorrow afternoon. It's all thanks to your help. If tomorrow's surgery is successful, let's find a place to drink tonight."

Li Mu hurriedly replied, "What time tomorrow afternoon?"

"It's set at two o 'clock."

Li Mu's fingers danced. "Okay. I'll go tomorrow afternoon and call my brothers. If the surgery is successful, I'll treat you tonight to a good celebration."

With such a big event, the little demon in Li Mu's head did not dare to act cool anymore. Wang Yanan's mother had been sick for so long that she was even in the ICU. She almost died after receiving several notices of critical illness. Now, it was finally time for the transplant. Although uremia was serious, as long as a kidney transplant could be done, at least a few years of life could be saved. As long as the surgery was successful, Hu Zhengdao could completely relax.

Therefore, Li Mu understood how Hu Zhengdao was feeling at the moment. He must be nervous and excited, looking forward to the success of tomorrow's surgery. Once it was successful, it would be as if he had broken free from a shackle, just like a senior high school graduate facing the college entrance examination. Therefore, he and his roommates had to stay at the hospital tomorrow no matter what. Once the surgery was successful, everyone must give Hu Zhengdao a chance to vent.

At first, Hu Zhengdao did not want to alarm too many people, but Li Mu insisted. He had no choice but to send a group text message to everyone. When the other four roommates heard about this, they all said they would go to the hospital tomorrow to accompany Hu Zhengdao.

After everyone agreed, Li Mu let out a sigh of relief. Not only did he feel gratified for Wang Yanan and her mother, but he also felt gratified for Hu Zhengdao. After feeling gratified for a while, he returned to normal and came out of the bathroom. At this time, Chen Wan had been sitting in front of the dining table for a long time. When she saw Li Mu come out, she couldn't wait and said, "Hurry up and eat!

I'm dying of craving! "

Li Mu smiled and sat down beside her. "I told you to eat first, but you didn't listen."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Didn't I want to wait for you to eat together? Hurry up and eat!" After saying that, she handed a pair of disposable gloves to Li Mu.

Li Mu nodded and put on the gloves. The two of them each grabbed a large crayfish and started to peel it. Chen Wan's technique was very skilled, and she quickly peeled a complete crayfish. She brought it to Li Mu's mouth and said with a face full of love, "Here, open your mouth."

Li Mu was about to say that he was about to peel the prawns and let her eat them first. But when he saw the expectant look in her eyes, he opened his mouth and swallowed the prawns and the words he was about to blurt out. Then he handed the prawns he peeled to Chen Wan's mouth and said, "Here, eat mine."

Chen Wan looked shyly at Li Mu, and then her eyelids involuntarily drooped. Her eyelashes trembled slightly, and she was both happy and shy. She carefully opened her mouth and ate the crayfish. She was afraid that her actions and expression would be the slightest bit indecent and make Li Mu laugh at her.

Chen Wan was immersed in the happiness of feeding each other with Li Mu. She couldn't help but bring the second crayfish she peeled to Li Mu's mouth. Li Mu ate it as usual and fed the one in his hand to Chen Wan.

Chen Wan's heart was even more elated, and even her face had a faint blush.

Li Mu found a topic and asked Chen Wan, "Have you been in contact with Kexuan recently?"

Since Li Mu was busy, he hadn't seen Zhang Kexuan and the others for a while. He thought that Zhang Kexuan was Chen Wan's cousin, so he asked her about the situation.

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I called him two days ago. He said that the four members of the band have been immersed in writing songs in Jinling recently. They don't go out all day. Isn't the new movie going to be filmed soon? He means that he won't do anything before the movie starts, and he will be in seclusion in Jinling."

Li Mu sighed and said, "Do you think they will be angry with me?

I promised them new songs before, but I haven't fulfilled my promise yet. "

"No, they won't."

Chen Wan said, "They talked to me before. They also said that if they always rely on you to write songs for them in the future, they will feel a little guilty. So they hired a music teacher in Jinling to cram in music theory and solfeggio, and so on. They want to make up for their foundation."

Most of the people who played the guitar in China came from an unorthodox background. Most of them had played the guitar for more than ten years, and they only relied on their feelings. They didn't understand music theory, and they could only look at the hexahedron. But to them, the bass players were even worse. They could only play the root of a chord, and although the drummers could play the rhythm, they couldn't understand the drum score. Zhang Kexuan and the others were in this situation, and they were completely lacking in music theory.

Hearing that the people in the simple plan were learning music theory from the basics, Li Mu was relieved. These four people were originally pushed by him with good songs. If they didn't find a way to make up for their lack of original songs, he couldn't keep writing new songs for them. Moreover, their situation was very special. If it was Du Wei, it didn't matter if he didn't write songs for her one day. There were other songwriters who would write songs for her. She just had to choose good songs to sing. But for the simple plan, they were a band. How could the band openly let others write songs for them? That would be too weak.

If the simple plan didn't have the ability to write original songs, there were only two possibilities in front of them in the future. The first was that Zhang Kexuan would go solo and not play in the band. He would concentrate on being a singer. In this way, he could openly find other songwriters to write songs for him, but the other three members of the band would basically have to say goodbye to the entertainment industry. The second was that the four of them would disband and change their careers. Zhang Kexuan would be the easiest to change. He could either sing or act, or sing and act. It was much more difficult for Ye Tianming and the others. Their popularity couldn't keep up. They could only try to change their careers and develop, but the chances were slim.

So from this point of view, it was a very correct choice for Zhang Kexuan and the others to cram in music theory now.

For the rest of the crayfish, the two fell into a repetitive cycle, almost following the rhythm of the beginning. After Chen Wan peeled the crayfish, her first reaction was to bring it to Li Mu's mouth. She seemed to be executing a piece of code. "Pick up a crayfish, peel the crayfish, and bring it to Li Mu's mouth. If Li Mu doesn't eat it, she will not put her hand down until he eats it. If Li Mu eats it, she will go back and repeat the code."

So the cycle continued until the only variable, which was the number of crayfish, was zero.

Li Mu couldn't change her code, but he was afraid that she would only focus on peeling the crayfish for him and starve herself. So he gave her all the crayfish that he had peeled and started to execute the same code as her. This made the atmosphere between the two of them seem especially warm.

Then the two of them talked about their own recent situations, especially the things that they were busy with. Chen Wan's was much simpler. She was either working in Xiangdu or resting in Yanjing, but Li Mu's matters were much more complicated. He told Chen Wan bit by bit, and Chen Wan was so shocked that she was dumbfounded.

After listening to Li Mu talk about the things that he had been busy with recently, understanding his plans for the future, and his game with his opponents, Chen Wan suddenly didn't worship Li Mu like before. Instead, she felt sorry for this boy who was almost three years younger than her. It was hard to imagine that he had to carry such a heavy burden on his shoulders at the age of 20. What she didn't understand was that he was clearly very successful. Even if he retired now, he could still live very well, so why did he have to work so hard?

Chen Wan asked Li Mu this question with a face full of heartache. Li Mu smiled and said to her: "I work hard to prove myself to the greatest extent. I don't want to wait until I miss the opportunity in the future and regret that I could have done better."

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu with deep affection and said: "You've already done very well."

Li Mu smiled and said: "I can always do better, right?

I want to do things to the best of my ability so that when I have a child in the future, I can show off to my child and tell him how awesome his father was back then … "

Chen Wan didn't know why, but a scene suddenly appeared in her mind. In the scene, Li Mu was sitting on the carpet in the living room with his son. He had a face full of pride as he told his son about the glorious achievements he had made in the past. Meanwhile, she was hugging a large, wooden salad bowl. As she mixed the salad, she looked happily at the father and son pair. Then, she would interrupt them at the appropriate time and happily call them over to eat …

The scene in her mind was especially warm. Chen Wan was almost moved by her own imagination. Her eyes became slightly warm and tears suddenly gushed out, swirling in her eyes. She was afraid that Li Mu would see and misunderstand, so she hurriedly wiped away her tears while she was wiping her hands. She then looked at Li Mu, who was staring at the crayfish on the table in a daze. Chen Wan looked at the angular side of his face and the light that blossomed in his eyes from time to time. In her heart, she felt that at this moment, she saw mountains and rivers in Li Mu's eyes. An extremely strong desire surged from the bottom of her heart. She wanted to let go of everything to accompany Li Mu and accompany him to conquer the mountains and rivers that he wanted to conquer.