Chapter 261

Interview shows could be considered the lowest entry requirement of variety entertainment shows. The production costs were very low in all aspects. At present, it was also the type of variety show that all provincial and municipal TV stations were doing. Li Mu had never even heard of the "Special Interview" that Chen Wan mentioned, so it should not be very famous and should not have a long lifespan.

Li Mu roughly understood from Chen Wan that "Special Interview" had been on the air for a year and a half. It was broadcast once a week on Saturday night. Currently, it was one of the top three variety shows in Yanjing TV Station. However, Yanjing TV Station's overall ratings were rather poor, so it was not very valuable. Not only were the ratings very low in China, but even in Yanjing itself, the ratings were not very high.

The original format of "Special Interview" was the simplest. The female host would interview the guests alone, which was a 1vN format. Most of the time, it was a one-on-one format. The effect of the program was rather monotonous. Coupled with the fact that the female host's live performance was rather rigid, there had never been any breakthroughs. Now, the program team had recently made some slight adjustments to the effect of the program. For example, they added a small band to set off the atmosphere and added a segment on the SMS platform. Before every episode's catalog, the audience would be informed in advance through the methods of newspapers and other programs. If the audience had any questions to ask the guests of that episode, they could directly send a text message to the SMS platform. The program team would then filter the questions and ask the guests on the spot.

The idea of the program team for this segment was to hand it over to the assistant host. They had even considered the stage effect. In the middle of the stage was the interview sofa, on the left was the band, and on the right was the assistant host's seat. When the program entered the interactive SMS Q&A stage, the female host would say a few words, and one of the cameras would be shifted to the assistant host. The assistant host would then read out the filtered questions from the audience. Every time a question was read out, the guest would be asked to answer.

Generally speaking, the assistant host did not have many opportunities to appear on screen. The entire program was about half an hour, and the assistant host would not show her face for more than three minutes.

Most of the time, the camera was given to the host and the guests, as well as the big screen behind them. This was originally a very simple task, as Chen Wan had studied broadcasting.

This kind of small task could be done very well without any training. However, the crux of the problem was that the SMS platform had already been opened for trial use, but the female host had not let go of this segment.

She always took out her question cards and asked the guests personally. This way, Chen Wan, the assistant host, had no chance to appear on screen.

The idea of the program team was probably to have a young and fresh face to bring some visual changes to the audience, but the female anchor in her thirties seemed to take this program very seriously. Every segment was strictly guarded. Not only did Chen Wan, who was almost ten years younger than her, not get a chance to appear on screen, but she even made things difficult for the band because there was a young and handsome pianist in the band who appeared a few times.

It was loved by many female viewers, and there were even people who wrote a letter to the production team, asking for the pianist's contact information. The female anchor made the request to the director, and since then, the pianist's stage position had changed. From the original 90-degree side of his face facing the stage, he now had his back facing the stage. When it came to the band, the pianist could only have the back of his head on camera.

Zhang Kexuan listened to this.

He couldn't help but curse, "Isn't this host too much?

Are you that afraid that someone else will steal your limelight? "

Chen Wan smiled and didn't answer. Li Mu laughed and said, "This kind of thing is too normal. Look at all the variety shows nowadays. If there is an absolute core host in the show, then among the assistant hosts of the same gender, there are very few who are better looking than the core host.

Then among the assistant hosts of the same gender, there were very few who were better looking than the core host. The core host saw the program as his own territory. How could he easily let a younger and prettier host appear on his stage?

Wouldn't that steal all the audience's attention? "

Zhang Kexuan said, "But they can't be so f * cked up. They don't let Xiaowan appear on screen. When will Xiaowan come to the front stage?

Let me see, Xiaowan.

Let's find some connections first. If it can't be done, then go back to the Nansu Provincial Station. I don't dare to say anything else, but when you go back to Jinling, I can definitely guarantee that you will have a smooth journey. "

Chen Wan hurriedly shook her head. "Brother, don't worry about this. I was already mentally prepared before. Now the station just needs to do it. I haven't been here for long. If I start to use my connections everywhere, I don't know what the station will think of me. Besides, I'm not really in a hurry to appear on screen. I'm just a little dissatisfied with being ordered around like a personal assistant."

Zhang Kexuan frowned. "You have a big family in Jinling who treats you like a treasure. How can they watch you be bullied here?"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I'm not being bullied. I'm just a little tired."

At this time, Li Mu said, "Sister, Kexuan and I are preparing to shoot a micro film. There happens to be a role of a talent show host in it. Why don't you try it?"

Zhang Kexuan slapped the table. "That's right. Why didn't I think of it? Xiaowan, come and try it. With your qualifications, you might become a hit."

Chen Wan said awkwardly, "I've never learned acting. I'm afraid I'm not suitable for this kind of thing …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're a host. You just have to be natural. Although it's not very likely to become a hit, you have to fight for a chance to appear on screen first. If the leaders of your station see it, they might give you some other opportunities. You've already shot the movie. You can't not even have a chance to appear on screen at the TV station, right?"

Zhang Kexuan nodded repeatedly. "That's right. The station doesn't want you to appear on screen, right? When the time comes, you can appear on screen in our micro film. When the time comes, when the station broadcasts this micro film, isn't it a disguised form of appearing on screen?

And when the time comes, it won't just be broadcast on one TV station. We'll coordinate our relationships everywhere. I don't dare to say that the Central TV station will broadcast it, but at least more than half of the country's provincial TV stations will broadcast it. We can also let the female host who is suppressing you know that our Xiaowan's charm is not something she can suppress easily. "

Chen Wan was amused by Zhang Kexuan. She covered her mouth and laughed. "You're exaggerating. What kind of movie are you going to shoot?

Why don't I know about it? "

Li Mu briefly explained the matter of "Old Boys" being remade into a micro film to Chen Wan. After Chen Wan roughly heard the story outline of the script, she nodded repeatedly and praised, "I think this story is very good. It will definitely touch a lot of people. But how are we going to coordinate with the TV stations to broadcast this kind of micro film?

As far as I know, the TV stations have not broadcast this type of movie yet … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "This problem is easy to solve. We don't intend to earn money from the TV stations. As long as they are willing to broadcast it, we will immediately send a copy over. When the time comes, just the simple plan of doing our best will be enough to arouse the interest of many TV stations. If they try it again, they will definitely be interested. At that time, they will arrange the broadcast time themselves. Even if they are not interested, we can coordinate with them through public relations. Finding connections and spending money is not a problem. Besides, the management of the SARFT is not strict enough on the TV stations. The local TV stations have a lot of freedom. Our movie is also positive, so it will definitely not be a problem to broadcast it."

Chen Wan nodded lightly. "That's true. We can broadcast this micro film in one episode of the TV series. When do you plan to start filming?"

Li Mu said, "We will start filming this month. These few days, I will prepare to set up the crew. Once the crew is set up, we will start filming. When the time comes, you must come and guest star as the host!"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "Since you said so, I will go."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Then it's a promise. You must make time when the time comes."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Don't worry. No matter how busy I am, I will go and support you."

Li Mu smiled with satisfaction and asked, "Does your TV station have any plans to do a talent show now?"

Chen Wan shook her head. "The band competition just ended not long ago, and it's almost the end of the year, so there shouldn't be any other talent shows planned in the near future. However, the band competition that was jointly organized by several TV stations last time, because it was a simple plan, it received a lot of attention and achieved results that far exceeded expectations. So, there should be a similar program planned next year."

Li Mu asked her, "If a cultural company plans and produces a variety entertainment program, and then cooperates with the TV station to broadcast it, and the program is jointly funded by both parties, and the income is distributed according to the ratio, do you think this model will work?"

Chen Wan thought about it and said, "So far, I haven't heard of an outside company producing a variety show."

This model was called the separation of production and broadcasting. An independent production company would produce a TV program, and then the TV broadcasting organization would broadcast it. This model might not be mature yet, but in the future, the development of variety shows would become more and more mature, and it would inevitably become the mainstream of the variety industry. It would also inevitably lead to the birth of a series of production companies. For example, in the future, Canxing Production, a company would produce dozens of different types of variety shows, cooperate with different TV stations, and broadcast them on different TV stations.

In the future, intellectual property would become a hot topic, and the model of variety shows was no exception. The most popular variety models such as Britain's Got Talent and The Voice of Holland (original version of The Voice) were sold all over the world. Running-man's copyright had also been sold to almost ten countries in Asia, and the commercial prospects were limitless. Li Mu's newly registered Makino Image naturally could not miss out on the huge field of TV variety shows. Next year, he would think of a way to let Chen Wan establish a solid foundation in Yanjing TV, and then work with her to create Super Girl. As long as a program became popular, there would be a large number of TV stations coming to him for cooperation.