Chapter 334

Jin Youquan didn't expect Lin Ching-ah to accept this price. He just raised the price according to the usual practice, leaving some room for the other party to bargain. This was basically the basic skill that a person should have, from selling vegetables to selling aircraft carriers.

Therefore, Jin Youquan smiled and said to Lin Ching-ah, "If you have any doubts about the specific terms, we can talk about it slowly. May I know what you are not satisfied with?"

Lin Ching-ah didn't hide it. She said lightly, "Our company can't give so much in terms of the proportion of the shares. Although we have a capital relationship with Makino Technology, we are indeed two relatively independent companies. Although Makino Technology can introduce so many users and related resources to us, this kind of introduction of resources is not free. In order to operate in the future, both companies need their own financial flow. Therefore, no matter whose game our company acts as agent for, the majority of the profits will be given to Makino Technology. If Wangchan wants another 20%, there won't be much left for us."

Jin Youquan nodded and said, "I also understand this very well. Makino Technology is an Internet company with a valuation of hundreds of millions of yuan. Its vigorous rise needs a strong financial flow to support it."

As he said this, Jin Youquan's tone changed, and he talked about the situation of Wangchan. "The development cost of our 'Miracle MU' is very high. Whether it is the visual effect or the game experience, the game is much better than a third-rate game like 'Legend of Mir'. Just maintaining the continuous updates of the game requires a strong technical team. In addition, we also need to provide all kinds of technical support to the agency company. If the profit margin is too low, it will be difficult to do as a whole."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and asked him, "Mr. Jin, let's not talk about the agency fee for now. As for the operating profit share, tell me your lowest expectation. To be honest, if you directly ask for 23%, I don't know how to bargain."

Lin Ching-ah meant that Jin Youquan's current offer was too ridiculous, and she didn't even want to bargain. She asked Jin Youquan to give her an offer that at least seemed reasonable to her, and then she would bargain according to the situation of Storm Entertainment.

Jin Youquan hesitated for a moment and said, "Then 20%. This is already a very low proportion in the industry."

Lin Qingya smiled faintly and looked at Jin Youquan nonchalantly. Suddenly, she opened her mouth and said, "10% of the profits and 5 million RMB as a commission fee, this is my offer. Mister Jin, you can consider it."

Jin Youquan was a little dissatisfied when he heard this offer. The agency fee he offered was 600 million won, which was more than 3 million RMB. The other party was offering 5 million RMB, which was higher than his expectations. However, 10% operating profit share was too low. He had a good game in his hands, not a rubbish game. If it was a rubbish game, he might agree to such an offer. But Jin Youquan was very confident in Miracle MU. Moreover, the market size of Hua Xia was much larger than that of Korea. He knew how much profit Miracle MU would make if it was successfully operated in Hua Xia.

According to the current trend of Legend of Mir, it was very easy to make a profit of 100 million RMB a year. Miracle MU wasn't any worse than Legend of Mir, and it would definitely reach the same level. If he gave up 10% of operating profit share, he would have to sacrifice tens of millions of RMB a year. He wasn't a short-sighted person, so how could he agree to such an offer?

Thus, he looked at Lin Qingya with some resentment, as if he had been insulted. "Miss Lin, 10% of the profits is simply too low. This is something that our Web Zen is unable to accept. Furthermore, I dare say that no company that can create a top-tier online game would agree to such an offer!"

Lin Qingya laughed lightly and said confidently, "Mr. Jin's words are too absolute. Actually, there is nothing in the business world that is impossible. You might think that our offer to you is too low, but have you ever heard of the Chinese saying, 'Small profits but quick turnover'?" Lin Qingya smiled lightly.

The translator translated these four words into Korean, and Jin Youquan was confused. It was just a literal translation, and he couldn't immediately grasp the meaning behind it.

Therefore, Lin Ching-ah explained, "Actually, these four words are very simple. It's nothing more than a lower profit share, and the sales volume will be higher. This saying is very suitable for both our companies. If Wangzen is after a high profit share, then it's very simple. There will be a lot of internet companies in Hua Xia that will agree to your offer, and they might even agree to a 30% or 40% share. The weaker a company is, the easier it is to compromise. If Wangzen gives' Miracle MU 'to a company that is struggling in Hua Xia and needs' Miracle MU 'to survive, then they might agree to a high profit share. But if you give' Miracle MU 'to that kind of company, how much profit can you get?"

Jin Youquan didn't speak. He understood this logic, but he still couldn't accept a 10% offer.

Seeing that he didn't speak, Lin Ching-ah continued, "I used to work in an investment company. We once invested in a local food processing company in Hua Xia. Their main sales volume is concentrated in Wal-Mart, Carrefour, and a few large supermarket chains in Hua Xia. For such a large supermarket, the position of a supplier is very bleak. Not only is the profit margin very low, but they also have to supply the goods first and bear the account for a few months. Once the supermarket needs it, they have to make concessions from their own profits to cooperate with the supermarket's price reduction promotion. But for small and scattered supermarkets and wholesalers, the position of a supplier is very high. Paying first and then supplying the goods is the basic rule. In addition, there are many strict requirements for the supplier to be assessed. So it seems that the supplier has no position to speak of in front of a large supermarket, but in front of a small retailer, they are high and mighty. From the perspective of the supplier's psychology, the feeling of being high and mighty is far more comfortable than the former. But what about the proportion of profits?

The former often accounts for more than 70%, or even more. Doesn't it sound very ironic? "

Jin Youquan's expression was a little awkward when he heard this. He didn't know that Lin Ching-ah was actually talking nonsense. When she was at Softbank, she didn't invest in any food processing company at all. She just told Jin Youquan the story that she heard from others. She wanted him to know that Storm Entertainment could become the Wal-Mart of Hua Xia's online games industry with the support of Makino Technology's resources. Wangchan and other online game development companies were all suppliers.

Jin Youquan understood what Lin Ching-ah's words were reflecting, but his dissatisfaction made him start to refute, "What Miss Lin said is very reasonable, but I believe that there are many companies in Hua Xia that have tens of millions of users now, right?

Tengxun has no less users than Tieba and Happy Farm. Baidu also has a large number of users. There are also NetEase, Sina, Sohu … "

Lin Ching-ah nodded. "They have a large number of users, but which one of them is suitable to operate online games now?

NetEase just launched their "Journey to the West" less than two months ago. They haven't even taken care of their own children. How can they raise the children of others?

As for the others, do you think they will be interested in "Miracle MU"? "

Jin Youquan said, "In fact, there are many medium-sized Internet companies in Hua Xia that operate Internet products related to games. They all have a lot of potential in operating games."

Lin Ching-ah smiled confidently and said, "Actually, to tell you the truth, there are almost no medium-sized domestic companies that have the ability to fully promote and operate an online game in Hua Xia. Makino Technology's Tieba is now the largest Chinese community and also the largest game community. Other game communities don't have any popularity at all. Those companies that operate games related to games are now basically being suppressed by Tieba. Even if Wangchan gives" Miracle MU "to them for free to operate, they won't be able to operate it at all."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah's delicate and beautiful face showed a bit of wolf-like fierceness. Her eyes flashed with a cold light, and she said word by word, "If Storm Entertainment finds a game that is suitable for itself, it will definitely be determined to make it number one in Hua Xia. Then, at that time, all the online games in Hua Xia that are operating at the same time will become Storm Entertainment's opponents. We will combine all our resources to encircle and intercept our competitors, and not let any of them break through successfully."

Jin Youquan didn't expect that this beautiful woman in her twenties from Hua Xia would release such a strong signal all of a sudden. He looked at Lin Ching-ah's serious and determined expression, and for the first time, he felt a bit of awe for her in his heart.

If Storm Entertainment really wanted to be the strongest online game operating company in Hua Xia, then there was no doubt that "Miracle MU" would be obstructed and suppressed by any other company. Looking at it now, the current large-scale Internet companies in Hua Xia really didn't have the conditions to operate "Miracle MU," not to mention those medium-sized companies. Even if they could operate "Miracle MU," they were afraid that they wouldn't be a match for Storm Entertainment and the Makino Technology behind it. If this game didn't rise within the first half of Hua Xia's release, it would basically be impossible to rise. This was the iron law of the game industry.

In other words, if "Miracle MU" was screwed up by Hua Xia's agency, then this game in Hua Xia's hands could only earn an agency fee.

The fierce struggle in his heart made Jin Youquan very uncomfortable, but he was from a technical background and wasn't good at business negotiations. For a moment, after being pressured by Lin Ching-ah, he couldn't find a way to raise his head.

The sad thing was that there were almost no talents in Wangchan who were really good at business negotiations. This was a technology-based company. In the online game market, it relied on products to win, not intelligence. This shortcoming was also the root cause of Wangchan's ups and downs in the future, and its downfall.

At this time, Lin Ching-ah saw that he had lost some ground, so she threw out her last trump card.

"Mr. Jin, I forgot to tell you that Alipay, which is now providing payment channels for Happy Farm, will be our strategic cooperation channel with Storm Entertainment. What we have in our hands are not only tens of millions of netizens, but also millions of paying users …"

As soon as Jin Youquan heard this, he let out a sigh in his heart. He understood that he was no match for this young woman, Hua Xia, in front of him. She peeled apart Storm Entertainment's strength, tactics, and goals layer by layer, and threw out a harsh attitude that said she was either a friend or an enemy. There was no way for Jin Youquan to say no.

Small profits but quick turnover were the rules of the sales industry, and Jin Youquan also understood that. In the online market, channels were king, and Jin Youquan also understood that. He just sometimes couldn't get over the barrier in his heart. He wholeheartedly wanted to make Wangchan's "Miracle MU" famous all over the world, but Wangchan's operation ability was terrible. The leadership, including him, had high expectations but low ability. They were good at technology, but not good at operation. Fortunately, Lin Ching-ah made Jin Youquan realize the reality at the negotiating table. Although Storm Entertainment didn't have any bullsh * t games now, with the support of the two major channels, Makino Technology and Alipay, he had the ability to be Hua Xia's father in the online game industry.

Jin Youquan weighed the pros and cons in his heart, and said to Lin Ching-ah, "We don't have too high requirements for the agency fee, but can we increase the share ratio?

15% should be a very reasonable amount. "

Lin Ching-ah insisted on the bottom line that Li Mu had set for herself. "10%, I can't make any more concessions on this issue, but I've said enough. Mr. Jin, you should understand that if Storm Entertainment is authorized to handle Miracle MU, the scale of this game in Hua Xia will not be inferior to Legend of Mir 2."

Jin Youquan thought for about half a minute, gritted his teeth, and said, "Fine!

Just 10%!

But I want a guaranteed income of at least 5 million a year!

If the 10% share is less than 5 million, I will need your company to make up for it! "

Lin Ching-ah almost agreed without hesitation.

Li Mu didn't tell her about the guaranteed income, but she thought that since Li Mu valued Miracle MU so much, the profitability of this game must not be too bad. Legend of Mir could earn 10 million a month, so how could Miracle MU not earn 50 million a year?

She believed in Li Mu's vision and ability, so she agreed to the guaranteed income of 5 million without any pressure.

That afternoon, Lin Qingya signed the licensing agreement with Jin Youquan at Wangzen. Storm Entertainment had obtained the exclusive rights to the game "Miracle MU" for a fee of 5 million RMB, plus a 10% share of the operating profits. The contract would last for six years, and within these six years, Storm Entertainment had to guarantee a guaranteed income of 5 million RMB per year. If the actual income exceeded 5 million RMB, then Storm Entertainment would make up for the difference of 5 million RMB per year.

Before Lin Ching-ah signed the contract, she gave Li Mu a call, and Li Mu basically agreed to all the requirements of the agreement, except for one additional condition: within six years, Storm Entertainment had the right to transfer the agency rights. Jin Youquan also took the opportunity to raise an additional condition. If the agency rights for Miracle MU were to be transferred, Storm Entertainment could only transfer 80% of it, and the additional 10% would be used as compensation for Wangzen.

In other words, within six years, if Li Mu wanted to sell it to another company, Wangzen could get a 20% share of the profits.

Li Mu didn't have any objections. Miracle MU wouldn't be able to make a lot of money for many years. When World of Warcraft was released in 2004, he had to get the distribution rights in China. Including the negotiation time, Chinese dubbing time, server setup, and testing time, he should be able to release the game in early 2005. By then, Miracle MU would be a second-tier game, and after he got the distribution rights for World of Warcraft, he could get rid of Miracle MU and sell it for a good price before World of Warcraft came.

The contract was signed. Before the sky turned dark, Lin Ching-ah asked the person in charge of cooperation in the commercial department to stay, and she prepared to return to China with the contract.

Storm Entertainment got the agency rights for Miracle MU, and she knew that there would be more things for her to do in the future. Li Mu built such a shell company, so all the teams in Makino Technology would definitely have to work for Storm Entertainment. Storm Entertainment had no one now, and they had to find a job and expand the team by themselves.

When Li Mu heard that Lin Ching-ah would be back that night, he originally wanted her not to worry and to have a good night's rest and come back the next morning. However, Lin Ching-ah had already booked a plane ticket and said that she would come back no matter what.

When Li Mu asked her the reason, she told Li Mu that tomorrow was Monday, and it was the day that QQ Fisheries would be released. She didn't want to miss such a time when the whole company was united against a common enemy.

Since she had already said that, Li Mu didn't say anything more. He could only feel gratified that Makino Technology could have such a dedicated employee.

The initial stage of entrepreneurship was to create a business, and the intermediate stage was to create a team. Li Mu was now at the stage of creating a team. Every talent that could pass the test and be settled was a huge asset to Makino Technology.

As it was already past eleven o 'clock at night when Lin Ching-ah's plane landed in Yanjing, Li Mu asked for her flight number and told her that he would drive to the airport to pick her up at night. As a boss, he was considerate to his subordinates.

…

Li Mu and Su Yingxue played in the northern suburbs until the afternoon. They climbed two mountains along the Great Wall of Ming and took a lot of beautiful photos. Then, after eating a delicious meal in a farmer restaurant, they began to drive back.

In Li Mu's memory, when he and his colleagues went to the suburbs of Beijing on weekends, the road back home would be jammed every weekend afternoon or evening. Sometimes, they couldn't even enter the Sixth Ring Road after three hours of driving. However, this situation didn't exist in 2002. The GL8 sped all the way on the highway that had just been opened to traffic, and they had arrived at Yucheng Garden at eight o 'clock.

Li Mu parked the car in the basement and deliberately asked Su Yingxue, "Do you want to go back to the dormitory or go upstairs?"

As soon as Su Yingxue heard that Li Mu invited her to go upstairs, her pretty face was a little red. "Let's go back to the dormitory."

Seeing that she was pretending to ignore his subtle invitation, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "Why don't you go upstairs for a while and look at the photos taken today on the computer? I'll send you back to the dormitory after that."