Chapter 807

It has been almost 13 months since "Rebirth to the Perfect Era" was published on January 11, 2016. In the past 13 months, as an Internet employee with a 996 work system, Buge has devoted all his spare time to this book. Every day, he only cares about writing. He has not competed for the rankings, did not brush for votes, and did not brush for even one subscription!

I don't reject operations, but on the whole, I still hope to be down-to-earth in every step of my writing and polish it as my most important product. Even if it's operations, it must be real!

That's why I took the time to set up a WeChat public account (gzbuge) while I was desperately writing. Occasionally, I would push some things that I personally find interesting or useful to everyone. At the same time, it can be regarded as maintaining a reader group for myself.

Of course, the result of not operating is that, in the past 13 months, although "Rebirth to the Perfect Era" has often been in the top 10 of the daily sales list, it has never entered the top 10 of the monthly votes list in any month.

Today is February 1st, and it is the beginning of a new month. Buge has begun to break out at 3 am every day. His heart suddenly ignited a belated fighting spirit. It has been 13 months, and he has not entered the top 10 of the monthly votes list once!

It's fine if I don't think about it, but if I think about it carefully, it's too fucking shameful!

So I made a major decision: in February, I will try my best to break into the top 10 of the monthly votes list!

In the past few days, Buge has been staying up late to write until two o 'clock every day, trying to make it to 3 am. I have no problem writing, my body is still strong, and I can withstand the toss, but I still need to rely on everyone's support!

So, I implore everyone to open Qidian, log in, subscribe to the original book, and at the same time, cast a monthly vote for "Rebirth to the Perfect Era"!

Support to give Buge some real ammunition!

Our goal is not high, it is not first, not second, not third, not fourth, not fifth. Our goal is: as long as we enter the top 10, Buge can wake up laughing even in his dreams!

Now we have a good foundation, the seventh place in the monthly votes list!

But this is just the beginning, we have to fight for the whole of February!

Brothers and sisters, I am Buge!

Pick up your February ticket, please. "

Fire at me!

Fire at me!