Chapter 1276

While Li Mu was sighing at his phone, the plane was still queuing up to take off. At this time, Wei Lan's phone call interrupted Li Mu's long immersion.

As soon as the call was connected, this girl, who was mature, confident, and strong in Li Mu's eyes, cried and told Li Mu that she was driving to the airport. In three hours, her parents' plane would land at Yanjing Airport, and the family would be reunited soon. She was so happy and excited that she just wanted to call Li Mu to thank him. She always knew that Li Mu had done too much for her and her family.

Li Mu naturally understood her joy, but he couldn't help but feel sorry for her. "Why are you crying like a fool? It's such a happy thing."

Wei Lan was still crying. She cried and said, "I'm too excited. I can't control myself. I've been looking forward to this day for so long, but I really didn't expect this day to really come."

Li Mu said, "Also, the plane will land in three hours. Why are you going so early?"

Wei Lan said, "I can't sit at home anymore. Can you understand that kind of feeling? I can't stand or sit. I just want to go out as soon as possible. I don't know where my heart is …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can understand, but you have to turn on the lights and find a safe place to park the car. When you calm down, you can drive."

Wei Lan nodded and said, "Okay, I'll listen to whatever you say."

Then, Li Mu heard the sound of the flashing lights. After a moment, Wei Lan said, "It's parked."

"Good girl."

Li Mu praised her with satisfaction and said, "Uncle and Auntie are back in China now. They can spend the New Year with you."

"Yeah." Wei Lan said happily, "Our family has never spent the New Year in Yanjing before."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then we can try this year. The New Year in the North is quite festive."

"Okay." Wei Lan asked, "It's New Year's Eve in two days. How are you going to spend it?"

Li Mu said, "I told my mom that I'm going home for Chinese New Year. I'm on the plane now, I'll be flying back to Jinling in half an hour."

Wei Lan said, "Then I wish you and Uncle and Auntie a Happy New Year in advance. When are you coming back to Beijing, I'll pick you up."

"Alright!"

…

It was three o 'clock in the afternoon when the plane landed at Jinling airport.

Near the business plane apron on one side of the airport, a Toyota Coaster, which was specially used to pick up first-class passengers, was already waiting next to the plane. To Li Mu's surprise, when the plane slowly stopped, he saw the fathers of Ye Tianming, Zhang Kexuan and Chen Wan standing side by side next to the Coaster through the window. When they saw him through the window, the three of them smiled and waved at him together.

It was damp and cold in winter in Jinling, and it was especially cold standing outdoors. The three of them were middle-aged and old people in their fifties. Li Mu didn't expect that they would personally come to the airport to pick him up, which made him feel quite embarrassed.

As soon as the cabin door opened, Li Mu hurried down. The business plane was not high, so Li Mu quickly went down the spiral staircase and came to the three of them. He greeted them one by one and said, "Uncle Zhang, Uncle Ye, Uncle Chen, why did you come to the airport on such a cold day? I'm so sorry. If I had known, I wouldn't have bothered you."

Li Mu was speaking from the bottom of his heart. Although he knew that the three of them were making money with him, and they had also entered the real estate market in Yan Jing with him, Li Mu still couldn't accept this kind of courtesy. After all, he was a junior. How could he afford to work so hard for the three of them?

Ye Tianming's father, Ye Youdao, was the strongest of the three, and his words carried the most weight. He took the lead and said, "Li Zong, you came to Jinling. If we don't come to greet you in person, we will feel sorry. Besides, we just arrived, so we came at the wrong time."

Chen Wan's father nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, Li Zong. When we went to Yan Jing, you took care of us. Now that you are in Jinling, we must show basic etiquette. We can't let you come and go alone."

Zhang Kexuan's father echoed, "Originally, we hoped to let Li Zong stay in Jinling for one night and entertain you well. But we heard that you are in a hurry to go home, so we canceled all the arrangements."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I am indeed in a hurry to go back. I didn't have much time to go back to Nansu. Next time when I come to Jinling, or when you guys come to Yan Jing, we must have a good gathering."

Ye Youdao said, "Li Zong, the weather is quite cold. Why don't you get in the car first? Recently, during the Spring Festival, the airport security is very strict. Vehicles outside are not allowed to enter, so our motorcade is waiting outside the airport."

Li Mu said, "Okay, please go ahead."

After getting in the car, Chen Wan's father, who was sitting diagonally in front of Li Mu, turned around and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, it just so happens that I am going back to Haizhou for the New Year, so we can go together later."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's great. I will go to your house on the first day of the New Year."

As he said this, Li Mu thought of Chen Wan. He hadn't contacted her for the past few days, and he didn't know if she had time to go back home for the New Year. After all, "Super Girl" was very popular now, and she was also very busy. The last time they talked, she said that she would be preparing for the national finals of "Super Girl" after the Lunar New Year. At that time, she would probably be very busy.

Li Mu really wanted to ask if Chen Wan had come back, or if she would come back, but he was too embarrassed to ask. Instead of asking her father, he might as well send her a text and ask her directly.

Li Mu immediately took out his phone and sent a text to Chen Wan. He asked her, "Beauty, what are you busy with?"

After a while, he received a reply. "The beauty is working in the studio. What are you busy with, handsome?"

"Handsome, I just landed in Jinling and met my uncle. He is going back to Haizhou with me. Are you going back to Haizhou for the New Year?"

"Ah, you're going back?

I'm not sure yet. If I can go back, I'm afraid I won't be able to until New Year's Eve. If I can't go back on New Year's Eve, I probably won't have time for the time being. "

Li Mu replied disappointedly, "I thought I would see you in Haizhou."

"What, you miss me?"

"Mm, I miss you."

"Since you're so sincere, I'll think of a way to make a trip back."

"Then I'll wait for you in Haizhou."

After sending this message, the Toyota Coaster had already left the airport.

After leaving the airport's controlled area, the Coaster stopped in front of Southern Airlines' base office. At that moment, a convoy of six cars was already parked at the entrance. After getting out of the car, Chen Wan's father invited Li Mu to sit with him in a Benz S-class sedan. Li Mu didn't refuse. Just as Li Mu's assistant opened the door, a BMW 3 Series sedan behind opened its door, and a woman with a ponytail shouted at Li Mu, "Li Zong, take my car?"

Hearing this familiar voice, Li Mu turned his head. Sure enough, it was Chen Wan!

At that moment, Chen Wan was standing next to the BMW and looking at Li Mu with a smile on her face, as if she had gotten her way.

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. Chen Wan had been lying to him in a text message just now, but he hadn't expected her to be waiting for him here.

Thus, Li Mu said to Father Chen without hesitation, "Uncle Chen, I'll take Sister Wan's car. We haven't seen each other in a long time."

Father Chen nodded, but was still a little worried as he said, "This girl's driving isn't very reliable!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Uncle, I know this better than you do."

Father Chen had no idea that Chen Wan had hit Li Mu with a car twice in his two lives.

At that moment, Chen Wan curled her lip and muttered, "Dad, I'm pretty good at driving now; I've been practicing."

Father Chen reminded her, "Then you have to be careful!"

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu and smiled. "You might as well let Li Zong drive; he's good at driving."

"This child …" Father Chen was still afraid that it would be impolite to let Li Mu drive, but at that moment, Li Mu already said without hesitation, "Alright, I'll drive."

Saying this, Li Mu was already in front of Chen Wan.

Chen Wan happily sat in the front passenger seat, obediently buckled her seat belt, and waited for Li Mu to get in.

Seeing this, Father Chen nodded helplessly and said, "Alright, Li Zong, you'll be in the middle later. Be careful."

Everyone, including Li Ziwei and Wang Yuanlang, got into other cars. After saying goodbye to Ye Youdao and the others, Li Mu got into Chen Wan's BMW, started the car, and slowly drove out with the motorcade.

Chen Wan, who was sitting in the front passenger seat, looked at Li Mu's profile and couldn't stop snickering. Li Mu rolled his eyes at her and said, "In any case, you're the female host of an A-list show. How did you learn to lie?

I thought you really weren't coming back; I didn't expect you to be here so early. "

Chen Wan giggled, but before she could say anything, Li Mu deliberately said fiercely, "I'm going to make a phone call first, and then I'll deal with you."

Saying this, Li Mu took out his phone and called Lei Jianguo.

Back then, Li Mu had given Mango-ME a strategic goal. On one hand, it was to speed up the demand for MP3 downloads, on the other hand, it was to increase Taobao's online transactions, and on the other hand, it was to test the market for hardware in advance.

Thanks to Li Mu's violent operation, which directly broke through the market price, Mango-ME was indeed very effective. Until now, Mango-ME hadn't been holding back at all, and was still selling as much as it could. Similar products on the market would never be able to compete with Mango-ME in terms of price-performance ratio. The domestic MP3 market had also increased substantially because of Mango-ME's appearance. Back then, Taobao had relied on Mango-ME to snatch up a large number of users.

Now, Li Mu wanted to give Mango-ME a new strategic mission, which was to leave Hua Xia and rush to Europe and America, and use the same violent method to smash the iPod's rice bowl to pieces.

In Li Mu's eyes, Lei Jianguo was the most suitable person to be in charge of this project.

As soon as the call went through, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "Mr. Lei, I'm giving you a very important task. This is related to our next big strategy, you must put in enough effort to operate it."

Lei Jianguo immediately said, "Li Zong, just tell me."

Li Mu said, "I want to do a product upgrade based on the foundation of Mango-ME, and the target is the American Apple Company's iPod. You need to find a solution to ensure the price-performance ratio of a high-end product."

Lei Jianguo said, "I'll start researching it immediately."

Li Mu said, "Find a way to contact the iPod OEM factory. We need to use better technology than them. At the same time, don't stop the production of the basic class Mango-ME. From now on, control the shipment volume, stock up at least 60% of the products, and prepare to enter the European and American markets."

Lei Jianguo asked, "The basic version of Mango-ME is also going to enter the American market?

It's much worse than the iPod. "