Chapter 925

Li Mu's crushing attack made Boss Ma extremely dispirited. Although he had already sentenced Le Tao to death in his heart, it was impossible for him to give up without a fight. Therefore, no matter if it was for his dignity, his investors, or his team, he had to fight this battle no matter what. Even if there was a huge disparity in strength, he would not give up early.

Boss Ma had already arrived at the company at eight o 'clock in the morning. He couldn't wait to get all the data of Le Tao for the past 12 hours from the technician who was on duty last night. He was as anxious as an examinee who couldn't wait to see the results of his college entrance examination.

Boss Ma was also very clear that no matter how the internet industry developed, "data" would always be the most authentic and core reference standard of the internet industry.

For example, how to measure the strength of an information website?

The most basic way was to look at the number of daily unique visitors, the number of page views per capita, and the average visit time per user. These three data could basically represent everything.

Daily unique visitors represented the website traffic. This was the most basic data, and it represented the website's user base.

The number of page views per capita represented the quality of the website's content. If a website's number of page views per capita was 5, and another website's was 10, then there was no doubt that the latter website's content quality was much better than the former. Disregarding the traffic, the average page views per capita would definitely be much higher than the small literature websites. The reason was simple, the quality of the content would definitely be better.

The average length of a user's visit represented the stickiness of the website's users. The higher the average length of visits, the higher the user's loyalty. It would be easier for such a website to convert users. For example, Youku's users would definitely spend a lot more time on Youku than Ku6's users. The difference in strength between the two websites would be huge.

If Boss Ma wanted to know the promotion effect of Le Tao for the next eight days, to estimate the 929 Le Tao promotion order volume and turnover, and to predict the future development potential of Le Tao, he first had to have objective data as a reference standard. This data was from the start of the promotion at 8 o 'clock last night to 8 o' clock this morning. This was the performance of the data in the past 12 hours.

What made Boss Ma feel hopeless was that in the past 12 hours, LeTao.com's data was far lower than his lowest expectation!

In the first 12 hours of Le Tao's launch, there were only 13,000 new registered users …

Le Tao's goal was to increase the number of registered users by 8 million within eight days. On average, the daily target was 1 million registered users!

After 12 hours, the number of new users was only a mere 13,000, not even reaching the estimated 2%!!!

As for the number of visitors, there were about 400,000, which meant that only one out of every 30 visitors would sign up.

This number was so tragic that anyone who heard it would feel sad and cry.

A daily advertising budget of more than two million RMB would be converted to one million RMB in 12 hours!

A million RMB advertisement was placed in the densely populated Eastern and Southern China regions. It was pushed at 8 PM and 10 PM last night. According to the viewership ratings, it should have reached at least tens of millions of people. In the end, there were only a mere 400,000 people who viewed it. This data was really terrible!

According to this figure, in the past 12 hours, Le Tao had only managed to get 400,000 visitors after investing 1 million yuan. This was equivalent to the cost of getting one visitor, which was as high as 2.5 yuan!

The cost of obtaining a registered user number was more than 75 yuan.

He invested 1 million yuan!

There were 13,000 new users!

The cost was so high that it left everyone dumbfounded!

This unit price was more than ten times higher than the cost of promoting an app in the era of mobile internet competition. In today's world, this data was simply rubbish!

After Boss Ma saw the data, he fell into a deep despair. This despair was stronger than ever before. This dismal data meant that he had wasted a huge amount of money. This money did not belong to him, but to the investors. After the investors saw this data, they would definitely be extremely disappointed in Le Tao, and even him!

Boss Ma was about to explode. He immediately called for a meeting with all his core employees, including Amazon's representative, William Yang.

At 9 PM, Boss Ma showed all the data of the past 12 hours in front of his core employees, William Yang, and Li Guoqing.

400,000 visitors, 13,000 registered users, 2.5 RMB per visitor, 76 yuan per registered user …

This was a terrible figure. Just based on the high cost of getting such high users, what else could he sell to earn back?

All of Le Tao's employees were devastated when they saw this figure. Even William Yang, who had been advocating for more investment in marketing and mocking Boss Ma, was not as arrogant as before. He was in a state of shock.

Fortunately, Boss Ma didn't listen to him and invest more in marketing. Otherwise, with this conversion rate, even if he invested 20 million USD, he would still be defeated, let alone 2 million USD.

If this conversion rate was really because of him, then he would be the scapegoat for Boss Ma. Luckily, Hua Xia did not care about him. If not …

To Yang Weilian, this was a blessing in disguise.

Boss Ma, who was doubting his life, forced himself to calm down in front of everyone. He cast aside all his negative emotions and led everyone to analyze the key points.

Boss Ma's face was pale. He wrote down a few key indicators on the blackboard: Exposure, converted visitors, converted users.

After that, Boss Ma tried to boost everyone's morale. "First, we can be sure that no matter what, Taobao will not affect the exposure of our advertisements. That means we did two rounds of promotions during prime time last night, and the number of viewers was very high. I estimate at least 30 million viewers saw our advertisements. This is indisputable, right?"

Everyone nodded in agreement.

Indeed, Li Mu could only affect the conversion rate, but he could not affect the number of viewers. Two rounds of promotions during prime time last night, and the number of viewers must be at least tens of millions.

Boss Ma gritted his teeth and said, "Why is the number of converted visitors so low when the exposure is guaranteed?

The result of my analysis is: 50% of the reason is that damn Taobao advertisements have been chasing after us. The time difference between their advertisements and ours is no more than ten minutes!

Moreover, the lineup of celebrities is strong, and the advertising time is longer. After watching our advertisement, users will see Taobao's advertisement, and their impression of our advertisement will be greatly reduced. Therefore, although the exposure is high, with Taobao's interference, our number of visitors will definitely be low! "

At this point, Boss Ma said angrily, "When we heard that Makino Technology was booking advertising resources everywhere, we thought they wanted to take the opportunity to promote Makino Technology. We didn't expect Li Mu to be so insidious. The advertising resources booked by Makino Technology are all for Taobao!"

Boss Ma's words immediately ignited everyone's anger!

That's right!

Damn it!

Back then, everyone received news that Makino Technology used a lot of money to book advertising resources nationwide. However, at that time, Makino Technology was developing rapidly overseas. Li Mu was like the sun at high noon because of Makino Technology and YY. When Makino Technology came out to book advertising resources, everyone thought that it was for their own use. However, they didn't expect that Li Mu had already been eyeing Taobao at that time!

It was simply despicable!

After everyone cursed for a while, Boss Ma said with a black face, "Other than that, there is another important reason. Taobao's advertising slogan is too filthy!

The phrase 'Taobao Happy World, All in Taobao Website' just happened to bring the word 'Taobao' into it!

Once our advertisement was released, their advertisement followed, and they made the celebrities repeat this phrase as if they were brainwashing them. It was to wash away the impression that our advertisement had just left in the users' subconscious!

I've lived for so many years, but this is the first time I've seen such filthy competition in public! "

At that moment, the people at Taobao were united and had a common enemy. Therefore, basically, no matter what Boss Ma said, they felt that it was what they were thinking. It was as if Taobao was deliberately making things difficult for them. However, this group of people didn't think that by preparing for Taobao and the promotional activities, they were actually making things difficult for Li Mu. They were the ones who declared war, and Li Mu was only fighting back.

At that moment, Boss Ma said, "As for why our number of registered users is so low, it's actually because Taobao's promotional interaction is better than ours in terms of participating brands, promotion scale, quantity of products, and benefits. Among the 400,000 visitors, many of them must have gone to Taobao to see the details of our promotional activities and then compared it with Taobao's promotional activities. They realized that we are inferior to Taobao in all aspects, so they directly chose Taobao's promotional activities and gave up on us. That's why it's so hard to get registered users."

The cost of obtaining registered users was much higher than visiting users. The reason was that registration cost users more. If they weren't interested in the website or had a need for the website, most browsing users wouldn't choose to become registered users. Once the users realized that Taobao's promotional activities were more effective, 90% of them wouldn't pay attention to Taobao anymore, let alone register.

The competition between the same type of products was always this intense. Users would usually choose product A, and most of them would give up on product B. Unless product B had an advantage in a more detailed vertical area, it was almost impossible for product B to survive. For example, under the premise that WeChat was so strong, anyone who tried to create a second WeChat would definitely die unless they chose to focus on a vertical area and develop it to create differentiated competition with WeChat. Just like Momo, if Momo didn't focus on "dating girls" as its selling point, it would have died more than 10,000 times already.

But now, compared to Taobao and Taobao, Taobao was an inferior copy of Taobao. Not only was it inferior to Taobao in all aspects, but it also didn't have any differences with Taobao. Whatever it had, Taobao had, and it was far better than Taobao. In fact, Taobao even had many things that Taobao didn't have. Under such circumstances, Taobao had no chance of winning at all!

…