Chapter 1001

Boss Ma immediately called for a meeting with Le Tao's core management. During the meeting, he purposely avoided William Yang, who was sent by Amazon. Luckily, William Yang realized that Le Tao was on the brink of death, and Amazon had given up on Le Tao. That was why he had nothing to do. All he wanted to do was eat more Hua Xia food every day.

.

Other than William Yang, everyone else was Boss Ma's confidant.

They had gone through the hardships in the early days of entrepreneurship together, enjoyed the pleasure of raising tens of millions of dollars together, and experienced the pain of being beaten and kicked by Li Mu. From the emotional level, they had deep feelings for each other and were united. They all wanted to break out of Li Mu's encirclement. Therefore, seeing the light of hope, Boss Ma decided to gather everyone here and lead these core backbones to fight for the last time.

Initially, Boss Ma had lost all hope. He had even tried to drag a group of Taobao sellers to die with Le Tao.

But now, Boss Ma had realized a new opportunity.

In a fight between masters, the most frightening thing was not being suppressed by the opponent, but not being able to find any loopholes in the opponent's defense.

Boss Ma had lost all hope previously. Fortunately, Taobao's sudden crackdown on Le Tao allowed him to find the only loophole.

This loophole might not be enough to turn the tables, but at least he could avoid being suppressed temporarily.

Everyone in the meeting was surprised by the excitement in Boss Ma's eyes. They had not seen such an expression on his face for a long time.

When everyone was present, Boss Ma went straight to the point. "Taobao is conducting a campaign to crack down on Le Tao. Do you all know about it?"

Almost everyone nodded, but they were puzzled. Why was Boss Ma so excited when Li Mu was cracking down on Le Tao?

Boss Ma was really excited. His voice was trembling as he said, "Taobao has almost covered the entire e-commerce industry. We wanted to do this business, but no matter what we did, we couldn't escape their shadow. No matter what we did, we were always suppressed by them. Now, we finally have a business that they clearly don't want to do!

This is our chance! "

"Opportunity?!"

Many people were surprised, but Cai Chongxin, who had a deep conversation with Boss Ma before, was not surprised at all. In his mind, Boss Ma's image had become less and less glorious. Instead, it had become more vulgar and utilitarian, which he could not accept.

At this time, Boss Ma said, "The shops that have been sealed by Taobao are almost all shops that have a high turnover, which is why these shops have to pay tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of compensation. Now, these sellers have all been sealed by Taobao, and it is impossible for them to take out so much money to unseal them. In this case, if we poach them and let them open a shop on our platform, or even abandon Taobao and only open a shop on our platform, it will be a great help to us."

An operations manager blurted out, "Boss Ma, but they were all banned for selling fake products!"

Boss Ma looked at him with a frown and said, "I don't care why they were banned. As long as they are abandoned by Taobao, then we will embrace them with open arms, because they have the most potential to become our loyal sellers!"

Someone asked, "But what if they sell fake products on our platform?"

Boss Ma said, "What they want to sell has nothing to do with us. Everyone, you have to understand that we are just a platform for publishing information. At the moment, there are no laws or regulations that explicitly require us to review the information published on our platform, and we have no obligation to review it. In that case, why should we interfere with the sellers?

Give them enough freedom, and they will also try their best to produce the best results. "

Everyone in the conference room suddenly looked at each other. Although Boss Ma did not make it clear, the meaning behind his words was very clear.

Everyone could hear that Boss Ma saw that Taobao was determined to crack down on fake products, so he wanted to attract these sellers that were destroyed by Taobao to Le Tao, and then acquiesce to their behavior of selling fake products, so that they would treat Le Tao as their last paradise.

Once these profit-seeking sellers treat Le Tao as their last paradise, they would definitely do their best to create the biggest profits in Le Tao. As for how to create the biggest profits?

Of course, it was to find a way to increase the sales volume.

To increase the sales volume of the store, to the platform, it meant a comprehensive increase in revenue, traffic, user loyalty, and other data. If more than a hundred sellers that were banned by Taobao came to Le Tao, it would be like more than a hundred engines running at full speed, and they would definitely bring a huge change to the stagnant situation of Le Tao.

Everyone in the conference room had to admit that what Boss Ma said was indeed a good direction, because this was the only direction that would not directly conflict with Taobao. What they took were the dregs that were abandoned by Taobao. In this way, not only would there not be a direct conflict between the two sides, but Taobao might even be able to continuously create new blood for Le Tao.

The profit margin of fake products was huge, so everyone firmly believed that it was an existence that could not be wiped clean. Huge profits would cause bold people to take risks out of desperation. With such a large traffic volume on Taobao, in the future, there would definitely be no lack of opportunistic people selling fake products on Taobao. Once such sellers appeared, Taobao would be able to get rid of them, and Le Tao would be able to convert them into their own fresh blood, and provide nutrients for their own development.

However, most people had been in the Internet industry for a long time, and they had more or less settled down some moral principles. Among them, someone broke Boss Ma's tacit understanding and said bluntly, "Boss Ma, I don't think we should choose this kind of dishonest method. If we deliberately allow sellers to sell fake products on our platform, then our company's reputation will be completely ruined!"

"Dishonest method," "deliberately allow", and "selling fake products." These three words were extremely harsh to Boss Ma's ears.

The reason why he did not make it clear was that he wanted to maintain this subtle relationship among the team. As long as they knew what he was thinking, it would be fine if he did not say it out loud, and they would not point it out either. Everyone had a tacit understanding, and then they would do it together.

This kind of feeling was like a few hungry burly men seeing a chicken raised by a fellow villager. Just when everyone felt that they should not have the idea of stealing someone else's chicken, all they needed to do was to raise their heads and ask, "Do you want to eat chicken?"

Everyone else would understand tacitly.

At this time, as long as they exchanged glances with each other, everyone would silently catch the chicken, slaughter it, stew it, and eat it together. During the whole process, no one would "mention" stealing the chicken.

However, there was this kind of person who spoiled the fun. As soon as he came up, he spoke so directly, almost destroying the subtle relationship that Boss Ma had just tried to embellish. This made Boss Ma extremely unhappy.

Looking at the person who did not take the bait, Boss Ma asked him coldly, "Tell me, what do you think our website lacks the most right now?"

That person looked at Boss Ma's almost murderous eyes and said with trepidation, "We lack users."

Boss Ma asked, "With Taobao suppressing us, where will our users come from?"

"This …"

Seeing that the person was hesitating and could not say anything, Boss Ma snorted coldly and said, "Without sellers, no buyers, no traffic, no income, we will not be able to escape death sooner or later!"

After saying that, Boss Ma asked that person sternly, "Let me ask you!

If the company collapses, will you be satisfied? "

That person said weakly, "Boss Ma, that's not what I mean …"

"That's not what you mean?"

Boss Ma snorted coldly and said, "The way you look at the problem is wrong. What I just said, you can't look at it from the narrow perspective of the quality of the product. You have to look at it from the perspective of the website and our current situation. What do we lack the most?

If you are so thirsty that your whole body is dehydrated and your electrolytes are in disorder, at this moment of life and death, would you still care about whether the water is clean or dirty?

If you love cleanliness more than your life, then I have nothing to say! "

Everyone looked at the executive who took the initiative to say the word "fake" just now. That person hung his head in shame and did not dare to say anything else.

At this time, Lu Zhaoxi suddenly said, "Boss Ma, I agree with your idea. We are now on the verge of life and death. Special times call for special treatment. At this time, the first thing we need to consider is how to increase the traffic and income of our platform. As for other things, we really don't have that much time and energy to care about them. As long as it's not against the law, we will do it!"

Many people changed their minds after being tricked by Boss Ma and Lu Zhaoxi, and they all changed their minds to support Boss Ma's idea.

Boss Ma reiterated his request again and said, "What I want is for everyone to think of a way to understand the specific implementation of Taobao's shop closures this time, especially which shops Taobao has closed, the level of each shop, and the contact information of the shop owners. The more complete the list, the better!

Once the list is done, you will spread it out and invite all the sellers whose shops have been closed by Taobao to open a shop in Le Tao.

Use your method to subtly tell them that we will not interfere with their business scope and business model. As long as they sign a disclaimer agreement with us, they can do whatever they want in Le Tao! "

A core member said, "This time, Taobao did not announce the list of shops that have been closed. I'm afraid we won't be able to filter out the detailed list in a short time. We can only understand one by one."