Chapter 1261

Li Ziwei quickly confirmed with the charter company that the eleven-seater business jet would take off at 8: 30 PM that night. The estimated flight time was about three and a half hours, and it would land at around 12 PM.

Due to Liu Xinying's family's special relationship, Spring City's military took great care of them. Not only did they arrange for people to pick them up at the airport in advance, they even arranged accommodations in the military's guest house. Li Mu, Liu Xinying, and the others could follow the pick-up staff to the guest house to rest after they got off the plane. The next morning, the military's car would specially escort them to their destination.

After the departure time was confirmed, Li Mu didn't change his original plan to meet with Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo. He went to Taobao Technology as promised.

As soon as they met, Li Mu noticed the difference between Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo. Liu Shixiong was thinner than before, and his skin was darker than before. His cheeks and lips were a little cracked, while Lei Jianguo was fair and chubby, and he looked radiant.

Li Mu teased Liu Shixiong the moment he entered the door. "Senior, I think I won't be able to recognize you if you keep running around outside for a few more months."

Liu Shixiong laughed and said, "Running around outside all day, exposed to the wind and the sun, there's no way I can compare to Old Lei. This guy sits in the office all day, and he doesn't get exposed to the wind or rain. He's very nourished."

Lei Jianguo smiled and said, "Hey, let me tell you, Old Liu, I really want to go out and run. It's pretty boring to stay in the office all day. Our website's overall operation is very stable now. Why don't I go with you to do some logistics?"

Liu Shixiong said, "Okay, I'll take you to the northwest in a few days. The wind there is so strong that it can make you doubt your life."

Li Mu and the two of them sat down in the guest area of Lei Jianguo's office. Lei Jianguo poured a cup of black tea for Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, you've been running around recently. It's about time for you to stay in Beijing for a while, right?

Old Liu and I are waiting for you to stay in Beijing and lead us to do something even more awesome. "

Li Mu said, "Both of you are awesome people. You don't have to wait for me to summon you to do awesome things. You can do it yourselves. Besides, I can't stay in Beijing for the time being. I have to go to the southwest tonight."

Liu Shixiong asked, "Going to the southwest again?

What are you busy with?

It wasn't easy for you to come back. Why don't you rest for a few days? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm busy with the charity fund, and I have to coordinate with the movie's matter. I can't delay the pace."

As he said that, Li Mu sat up straight and said, "Time is limited. Let's talk business. Liu Shixiong, how's the situation with Taobao Logistics?"

"It's going very smoothly."

Liu Shixiong said, "The third batch of imported truck trailers we ordered from Germany and Sweden has been delivered. Now we have more than 200 imported trailers running all over the country. We also have more than 800 high-end trailers. The main road transportation efficiency is very high. Moreover, we have ordered a large number of Iveco medium-sized trucks and a large number of custom-made three-wheeled motorcycles. At present, the total number of our fleet has already exceeded the total number of private express delivery companies."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "More than 200 trailers and more than 800 trailers?

What kind of trick is this? "

Liu Shixiong said with a smile, "Trailer transportation. This is a new model overseas. The domestic law has not fully recognized it yet. However, we have applied to the transportation department. Because our corporate image in front of the government is very good, they have specially approved us to become a pilot enterprise for trailer transportation in the country. We have also benefited a lot from this. Now, many policies are inclined to us."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What kind of new model?

Tell me about it. "

For example, for the circular transportation line from Yanjing to Jinling, we have prepared two trailers in Yanjing, one in Jinling, and one in Quancheng in the middle of Qilu. The two trailers in Yanjing are A and B, the one in Jinling is C, and the one in Quancheng is D. Our truck will tow Trailer A from Yanjing to Quancheng, and at the same time, Trailer B in Yanjing is also preparing to load. Trailer C in Quancheng and Trailer D in Jinling are also loaded. The trailer will send Trailer A to Quancheng and unload it directly. There is no need to wait for the trailer to be unloaded and loaded. We will pull Trailer C prepared in Quancheng and then we can go to Jinling without stopping. When we arrive in Jinling, we will unload Trailer B, put on Trailer D prepared in Jinling, and then we will start the return journey. On the return journey, we will go straight to Yanjing, get rid of Trailer D, put on Trailer B in Yanjing, and repeat the cycle. "

Then, Liu Shixiong summarized, "Simply put, it is to free the drivers from the process of waiting to load and unload. Let them drive to a place, unload the trailers they brought, load the trailers they prepared, and then they can immediately continue on the road without even having to turn off the engine!"

Li Mu said in surprise, "If that's the case, the efficiency is too high. The vehicle is almost running 24 hours a day."

"Yes."

Liu Shixiong said, "The price of the trailer is high, the price of the trailers is low, and the trailer also has to bear the driver's salary, gas, tolls, and maintenance insurance. The trailer has to start to make money, and if it stops, it will lose money. Moreover, we are pursuing efficiency now, so the trailer can't stop. Our current trailer is equipped with three drivers in shifts. Although the trailer doesn't stop, the drivers can take turns to rest, so they won't drive tired. Moreover, we have shift drivers and driver rest points at the middle logistics station. If a driver is sick, tired, or unwell, he can replace the shift driver at the middle logistics station, and then rest at the logistics station himself. When the next shift comes, he will get on the truck again and replace the shift driver."

Li Mu praised, "This model is very good. We can make the vehicle run at high speed, but we can't make people run at high speed. No matter when, human health and safety must be the first priority."

"Of course."

Liu Shixiong said with a smile, "It was really wise of you to insist on purchasing imported trailers. We did a survey among the driver community, and imported trailers do have a lot of advantages over domestic trailers. From the driver's point of view, the car is easier to drive, safer, and more comfortable. The driver's seat and resting position of imported trailers are very user-friendly, which is much better than domestic trailers. More importantly, the fuel consumption of imported trailers is lower than domestic trailers, and the failure rate is lower. I heard that it's not a big deal for Scania's trailers to travel millions of kilometers without major maintenance. This is really not something that our domestic trailers can do."

Li Mu nodded and said, "There is still a long way to go for domestic heavy trucks. We are in the express delivery business, and what we pursue is not the price-performance ratio, but stability and efficiency. Therefore, imported trailers are definitely our best choice in the short term."

As he said this, Li Mu asked again, "How are the treatment of our drivers?"

"That's great."

Liu Shixiong said seriously, "The treatment of our drivers is the best in the transportation industry in the country. Not only does our drivers have a good working environment, but their work is also user-friendly, and they are not overtired. More importantly, the salary is high. Our salary is generally more than 30% higher than that of other domestic logistics industries."

Then, Liu Shixiong said, "In addition to these, we have also set up a few drivers' homes in the distribution center cities. The company has come forward to rent a batch of commercial houses near the local distribution center, and we have unified the purchase and purchase of furniture and household appliances. These commercial houses are basically three-bedroom. We currently ensure that every driver can have their own room. Single drivers can live by themselves, and married drivers can live with their wives and children."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's good. In the future, we not only need a stable management team, but also a stable grass-roots team. Investing more in the grass-roots team can make it more stable and efficient. In the long run, it can save the company a lot of costs of selecting and training new people. It's a very cost-effective deal."

"Yes!"

Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "Moreover, our driver class has now set up a safety bonus. Every month, each driver will get 800 yuan as a safety bonus. If there is any accident in the month, then the next month's salary will be increased by 800 yuan. If there is no accident in the next month, then another 800 yuan will be added. If there is an accident in the next month, according to the severity of the accident, the safety bonus will be deducted for 1 to 12 months. Now, in order to not let their safety bonus be cut off, the drivers are very careful when they drive. Our fleet has not had a single traffic accident in which we are fully responsible or secondarily responsible."

Li Mu couldn't help but give a thumbs up. "Using this method to train the drivers' safety awareness is really very scientific and effective. When drivers drive on the road, especially big cars, they have the absolute advantage. At this time, it is necessary to strengthen their safety awareness. Otherwise, it is easy to bring danger to other vehicles and pedestrians on the road. Your safety bonus method is really great. Let everyone take the initiative to raise safety awareness, abide by traffic rules, and take the initiative to avoid accidents. It is indeed a very clever management method!"

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu sighed. "You still need Liu Shixiong to control such a large offline logistics system with thousands of people. If I really had to manage such a huge logistics system, I am afraid I would have been overwhelmed."

Anyone could come up with a plan, but the bigger the plan, the more capable people were needed to help it to be implemented. Otherwise, all the plans would only be empty talk. Liu Shixiong was able to build such a huge offline warehouse and logistics system in Jingdong in his previous life and run it well. This proved that he had a very strong ability to deal with large projects. This was indeed his own quality. Now, it was confirmed by Taobao Logistics.