Chapter 768

After the news broadcast, Zhao Xianliang, who was far away in Hangzhou, couldn't sit still and asked Zhao Ziqiu, "Have you told Li Mu about what your mother said?"

"No." Zhao Ziqiu said truthfully, "His mobile phone has been turned off for two days. I can't get through to him."

Zhao Xianliang frowned and said, "He can't live without his mobile phone. He must have another spare phone. Didn't he tell you his number?"

"No."

Zhao Ziqiu said naturally, "If he has a spare phone, it is for work. I am not the person he needs to contact for work. If he tells me his work number and I call to disturb him, wouldn't that be putting the cart before the horse?"

When Zhao Xianliang heard this, he was suddenly speechless. After a while, he said to his wife Xie Yun with a distressed face, "See? Now he has completely sided with an outsider."

Xie Yun smiled slightly and said, "Why are you in such a hurry? Even if he gets through, do you think Li Mu will have time to come under such circumstances?

Didn't I say that as long as he can come before Ziqiu goes back to school, it will be fine? "

Zhao Xianliang smacked his lips and said, "Why can't he come over?

Since he is Ziqiu's boyfriend, this kind of thing should be the highest priority. It is reasonable for him to come over immediately without saying anything. "

Xie Yun shook her head helplessly and said, "Don't forget that you were not there on the day I gave birth to Ziqiu. My parents were waiting for me outside the delivery room."

Zhao Xianliang quibbled, "I was in another city for business at that time. I couldn't come back in time."

Xie Yun asked him, "Didn't I tell you in advance?

When I was in the hospital waiting for delivery, my mother sent you a telegram, right?

What did she say?

Yun has been admitted to the hospital. Come back quickly. Do you remember how you replied to the telegram? "

Zhao Xianliang sighed, waved his hand and said, "Forget it, pretend I didn't say anything. You two can decide this matter."

Xie Yun smiled with satisfaction and nodded, "You should have said this long ago."

Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "Mom, how did my father reply to the telegram?"

Xie Yun looked at Zhao Xianliang and said with a smile, "Your father also replied with six words, 'Try your best.'"

Then she joked, "He said he would try his best, but he didn't do it at all. He didn't come back until the fourth day after I gave birth."

Zhao Xianliang had already stood up at this moment. He pretended not to hear their conversation and said in a dignified manner, "Well, you two can watch. I'll go to the study to read for a while."

Zhao Ziqiu also stood up and said, "I'm going back to my room to surf the net for a while."

Back in her room, she turned on her computer and YY. Zhao Ziqiu was surprised to find Li Mu's profile picture flashing in the lower right corner. She quickly clicked on it and was pleasantly surprised to find that Li Mu had left a message on QQ the night that "Face to Face" aired. He told her that his previous phone would not be turned on for the next few days and left her the phone number of his backup phone.

Zhao Ziqiu took out her cell phone and wanted to call Li Mu. However, she pressed the button halfway through typing the number. She felt that if she called Li Mu at this time, it would only cause more trouble.

Speaking of which, Zhao Ziqiu was definitely one of the few women who were close to Li Mu, and she was the one who was most considerate of Li Mu.

…

At around 10 o 'clock in the evening, Chen Wan, who was in Xiangdu, had just finished the core member meeting of the "Super Girl" program team and went to the parking lot with several colleagues who drove to work.

The one who was selected by Xiangnan Satellite TV as the chief director of this year's "Super Girl" is a powerful female director of Xiangnan Satellite TV, named Wang Ping. Wang Ping has participated in several talent shows of Xiangnan Satellite TV before, but none of the talent shows can be compared with the scale of "Super Girl".

This time, "Super Girl" can be said to be the largest, highest budget and longest cycle talent show of all levels of TV stations in the country so far. The setting of the six major divisions far surpasses all similar programs. Wang Ping did not directly participate in the negotiation between the station leader and Li Mu, but when she was ordered by the leader to take over the show, she found that Li Mu's "Super Girl" plan was impeccable. As a senior TV person, Li Mu wrote what she could think of. What she didn't expect, Li Mu also wrote, and wrote a lot.

Because of this, Wang Ping has 120% confidence in this talent show. Not only is she full of confidence, but she is also full of enthusiasm.

Under the leadership of Wang Ping, "Super Girl" has now made all the preparations for the launch. The theme of today's meeting is the launch of the national publicity stage. The most critical part of this is the joint cooperation of Makino Technology.

At present, Li Mu is the focus of domestic news, and his Taobao Network and Makino Technology's reputation is at its peak. Wang Ping hopes to communicate with Makino Technology as soon as possible and quickly launch the joint promotion that the two sides have previously agreed on. Li Mu has already assigned a cooperative interface person, and the relevant resources promised to Xiangnan Satellite TV have also been listed to Wang Ping in advance, but Wang Ping is still a little worried, fearing that Makino Technology's cooperation is not in place enough, or not enough effort.

When they arrived at the garage, Wang Ping and Chen Wan walked side by side and suddenly said, "Xiaowan, are you very familiar with Li Zong of Makino Technology?"

Chen Wan and Li Mu have a very close relationship, which is known to almost everyone in Xiangnan Satellite TV. When Chen Wan landed on the first episode of "Happy Camp", Makino Technology spent a lot of online resources, so that the ratings of that episode of "Happy Camp" broke the ratings of variety shows and the national record, second only to the annual "Spring Festival Gala". Wang Ping is also well aware of this, but this is the first time she and Chen Wan have cooperated, and the two are not familiar with each other, so a lot of things have to be said before.

When Chen Wan heard Wang Ping's question, she replied generously, "I have a good personal relationship with Li Zong, and we are also from the same hometown."

Wang Ping pretended to be happy and said with a smile, "That's great. I have to trouble you to communicate more with Li Zong. It's best to communicate directly with Li Zong himself, and try to get more online resources for us."

Chen Wan nodded and politely said to Wang Ping, "Okay, Director Wang, I will try my best."

Although she said that, Chen Wan also knew that Li Mu has been busy recently, so she agreed to this kind of thing. Li Mu has already arranged a partner for "Super Girl", so there is no need to trouble Li Mu at all. What's more, she knows that Li Mu must be very busy right now.

When she thought of Li Mu's recent situation, Chen Wan's heart remembered that he called her a few days ago and told her that the interview was going to be broadcast. Before she could come back to her senses, he hung up the phone because of something. After "Face to Face" was broadcast, that brat actually lost contact, and she couldn't get through to his cell phone again. She guessed that Li Mu must be very busy recently. In addition, Chen Wan herself has been very busy recently. In addition to the daily recording of the show, she also has to participate in the preparation of "Super Girl", so she didn't take it to heart when she couldn't get through to Li Mu's cell phone.

However, when Wang Ping suddenly mentioned Li Mu, Chen Wan couldn't help but start to let her imagination run wild. She missed him, and she also missed him and herself.

When you are infatuated with a person, as long as you think of the other party, your thoughts will be like ink dripping into clear water, and it will quickly disperse like hopeless medicine. Chen Wan is like this.

When she thought that she couldn't even get through to him on the phone, Chen Wan felt a little empty in her heart.

She has been in Xiangdu for so long, and she has also been constantly improving her popularity on the stage of Xiangdu, Xiangnan Satellite TV, and "Happy Camp". It is precisely because of this that she was able to become a first-line host not long after her debut. But even so, she didn't find any sense of belonging here, and she didn't like this city. But there's no other way, Li Mu may have misunderstood her ambition. She didn't want to be a well-known first-line host, but he still personally pushed her to her current position. She didn't want to let him down, and she didn't want him to look down on her, so she could only grit her teeth and persevere.

Chen Wan thought like this. There was no grievance in her heart, but she suddenly missed Li Mu so much that she wanted to fly to his side immediately. She took out her cell phone, but she still couldn't get through to Li Mu's cell phone. Chen Wan could only drive home in disappointment.

After taking a shower, she came out of the bathroom wrapped in a bath towel. The first thing Chen Wan thought of was to call Li Mu first, but Li Mu's phone still couldn't get through.

Chen Wan sighed helplessly. Although she felt helpless, she also understood Li Mu quite well. With so many big news coming one after another, at this time, her old phone number would probably explode with calls. If her phone was switched on, she basically wouldn't be able to do anything.

After another fruitless attempt, Chen Wan was about to throw her cell phone aside when she received a message. It was a message from the director of Happy Camp, Zhou Sheng, asking her to enter the group to discuss something about the show. Chen Wan hurriedly opened her laptop and logged into YY.

As soon as she went online, the group messages beeped non-stop. In addition to the group, there were a few messages from her good friends. Chen Wan used the hotkey to call out all the messages. Only then did she discover to her delight that Li Mu actually left a message for her, along with a new cell phone number.

Chen Wan hurriedly picked up her cell phone again and dialed Li Mu's new number. After a moment, the phone was connected, and a familiar voice came through, "Wan … Ahem, that, it's so late and you're still not sleeping?"

Li Mu didn't know what was wrong with him. He wanted to call her "Sister Wan" the moment he opened his mouth, but then he immediately remembered that Chen Wan didn't want him to continue to call her "Sister Wan", so Li Mu muddleheadedly tried to deal with it.

Chen Wan heard Li Mu's title just now and teased him with a smile, "When did you become so intimate with me? But isn't it a little too mushy to call me just one word?"

Li Mu chuckled and said, "Is it nauseating?

I don't think so. I can't call you Wan 'er, right? That's really mushy, and it's too Qiongyao. "

Chen Wan smiled shyly like a young girl and said, "Don't be afraid. If you really call me that, I definitely won't have any objections."

Li Mu was a little embarrassed. He laughed twice and hurriedly changed the topic, asking her, "Let's get down to business."

Chen Wan snorted discontentedly and said, "We haven't seen each other for so many days. Don't you miss me at all?"

"I miss you." Li Mu said firmly and affirmatively, "I miss you no matter how busy I am."

"That's more like it."

Chen Wan smiled with satisfaction and then said, "I miss you too. I'm off this weekend. Are you in Yanjing?

I'll go look for you.

“

Li Mu said apologetically, "I have to go back to Haizhou this weekend. I have an appointment with the Haizhou municipal government to talk about something."

Chen Wan subconsciously wanted to say that she should go back to Haizhou this weekend, but after thinking about it carefully, she realized that Li Mu must have something serious to talk about, so she didn't want to add to the mess. She tentatively asked him, "When you go back to Haizhou, will you stay in Jinling for a while?"

Li Mu said, "My parents are in Yanjing. I'll go back with them. I'll take a plane to Jinling and come back on Sunday. I'll be on my own when I come back, so I should have some spare time on the way back. What's wrong?"

Chen Wan said with a smile, "Then I'll go back to Jinling this weekend to accompany my parents. When you pass by Jinling, take a few hours out of your time and have a meal with me."

Li Mu didn't think about it and answered subconsciously, "Okay."

Chen Wan suddenly became very happy and said with a smile, "That's a deal. You can't change it at that time."

"Don't worry." Li Mu said, "I've never broken my promise to you."

"That's good."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "Then I won't bother you anymore. I'll see you in Jinling this weekend. You should rest early. Our program team is still talking about something, so I can't talk to you now."

Li Mu asked her, "Is there anything else?"

Chen Wan said happily, "No. You should rest well these few days. Don't be too tired."

At this moment, Chen Wan had already forgotten about the matter that Wang Ping had asked her to do.