Chapter 366

Zhao Ziqiu had indeed lost a lot of weight these days. She had unknowingly lost a few kilograms, so that her originally tall figure was slightly thin.

Thinking back to what Hu Zhengdao had told him about Zhao Ziqiu's situation, Li Mu couldn't help but feel distressed.

However, Zhao Ziqiu's mental state was very good. From the moment she entered Li Mu's sight, he could see that she was full of smiles and looked very happy. It was the same when she sat in the car. The corners of her mouth were slightly raised. The slight weight loss made the lines of her face more perfect than before. Although she was thinner, she was more beautiful than before.

When Zhao Ziqiu saw Li Mu, she was not as embarrassed as Li Mu had expected. After sitting in the car, she consciously buckled her seat belt and asked Li Mu with a smile, "Are you in a hurry?

The road is a little dark, so I didn't dare to walk too fast. "

Li Mu looked into her eyes, smiled slightly, and said softly, "I'm not in a hurry. But you, it's quite cold tonight. I see that you're not wearing much. Are you cold?"

"No."

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said with a smile, "It's not comfortable to wear too much on the plane. Besides, it's not too cold at home."

Li Mu said, "The plane is around three o 'clock. It's probably around five o' clock when we get there.

It's definitely cold in Hangzhou at five o 'clock in the morning. "

"It doesn't matter." Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue and said, "My dad is going to the airport to pick me up."

Li Mu nodded. It was good that someone was going to pick her up. He would send her to the airport, and then her dad would go to the airport to pick her up. In this way, he would be more relieved.

At one o 'clock in the morning, Yan Jing Street was already very empty. The road conditions couldn't be better. Li Mu didn't drive very fast, but drove to the airport unhurriedly. Zhao Ziqiu sat in the passenger seat, peeking at Li Mu's side face from time to time, and then deliberately finding some interesting topics to chat with him.

Zhao Ziqiu said that the Spring Festival in Hangzhou was very interesting, and the atmosphere was relatively strong. Li Mu's home was not far from Hangzhou, so she asked Li Mu if he had time to go there for a few days.

Li Mu agreed with a smile, but he didn't say it absolutely. He just said that he would go there when he had time. Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "If you come, I'll take you around. In fact, there are many good places in Hangzhou that outsiders don't know about. There are good food, fun, and beautiful places."

Li Mu nodded vigorously and said, "Then I must go and have a look when I have the chance."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "You must take it seriously and think about it carefully."

Li Mu said with certainty, "Don't worry, I'll think about it carefully."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled with satisfaction and said, "You can tell your uncle and aunt to bring them here."

After talking about this topic, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu again, "Does Su Yingxue know that you came to see me off?"

Li Mu shook his head and said honestly, "I didn't tell her."

Zhao Ziqiu asked tentatively, "Doesn't she usually stay with you at night?"

At this time, she was thinking about the apartment Li Mu rented in Yucheng Garden. Sometimes she would let her imagination run wild, thinking that Li Mu and Su Yingxue had built their own little love nest there. After all, it was not uncommon for freshmen to live together when they fell in love.

When Li Mu heard this question, he smiled and said, "Her aunt knows about us, so she is very strict with her. She calls her every night to check on her bed or simply asks her to go home. She is guarding against me like a thief."

Zhao Ziqiu chuckled, then glanced at Li Mu faintly and said, "Then you must have a criminal record, so they are guarding against you."

Li Mu curled his lips and smiled. "I really don't."

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this answer, she immediately became much happier. She looked at Li Mu with a smile and said, "Fortunately, I don't have any relatives in Yanjing."

Li Mu didn't know if there was a hint in Zhao Ziqiu's words, but he didn't dare to think in that direction. However, unexpectedly, Zhao Ziqiu immediately said, "Next semester, I also want to rent a house near the school. I can occasionally live by myself and relax."

Li Mu said, "Girls shouldn't casually rent a house, especially someone like you. It's too dangerous to live by yourself outside."

Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "What's wrong with someone like me?"

Li Mu looked at her and said with a smile, "If you're too beautiful, it's easy for people to commit crimes."

Zhao Ziqiu widened her eyes and asked, "Really?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a sincere face, "Really."

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips. "I don't believe you. We've been in private for so many times, why don't you look like you're going to commit a crime?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly. "You can't compare me to those potential criminals. I'm a person who received higher education after all."

Zhao Ziqiu wrinkled the tip of her nose. "Why don't you just say that I'm not charming enough?"

Li Mu immediately raised his right hand. "I swear, I really didn't mean it like that!"

Zhao Ziqiu snorted and ignored him. Instead, she unbuckled her seatbelt and took off her down jacket. As soon as the down jacket was taken off, Zhao Ziqiu was only wearing a thin black knitted shirt. The knitted shirt was very tight, and the amazing curves of her chest were once again revealed. Li Mu glanced at it and cursed Hu Zhengdao in his heart. What the f * ck, they clearly looked so full.

Li Mu glanced at it and quickly moved his eyes to the front. He asked her, "Is the heater too hot?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "It's hot. Besides, it's quite tiring to wear a down jacket in a car."

Li Mu then reminded her, "Remember to wear it in advance when we're almost at the airport. Don't catch a cold when you get off the car."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and looked at Li Mu slyly, but didn't say anything.

Seeing that they were about to get out of the airport expressway, and the car was about to go straight to the terminal, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly said to Li Mu, "Um, can you stop by the side first?"

Li Mu saw Zhao Ziqiu pointing to the emergency lane on the side of the road and asked her in surprise, "What's wrong?"

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and hesitated for a moment, then said in a somewhat coquettish tone, "Don't ask first. Stop first, and then I'll tell you, okay?"

Li Mu thought that she might suddenly want to go to the toilet and couldn't wait to get to the terminal, so he didn't think much about it. He turned on the direction light and was about to stop by the side.

Zhao Ziqiu pointed to the underside of the overpass not far ahead and said to Li Mu, "Just stop under that bridge."

There was another expressway on the bridge ahead. Because it was close to the airport, there were already street lights here. Under the overpass was a dark, shadowy area. When Zhao Ziqiu asked him to stop the car there, Li Mu concluded that she probably needed to go to the toilet, so he pulled the car over.

Along the way to the airport, there were vehicles parked on the side of the road with their flashing lights on. This was quite common. Almost all of them were drivers who were picking up people. They were unwilling to drive into the parking lot in advance, so they waited here for the flight to land. After the plane landed, they could drive directly to the arrival floor of the terminal to pick up the passengers and drive them away. Not only could they save the parking fee, but they could also save the trouble of going to the parking lot after picking up the passengers. It was better now at night. Basically, there was a car parked every one or two hundred meters. If it was during the day, there would be a car parked every dozens of meters, densely packed until the toll booth.

There was no car under the bridge that Zhao Ziqiu chose. Li Mu pulled the car over, turned on the flashing lights, and tried to ask her, "Do you want to go to the toilet?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head with a red face. "No …"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Then what is it?"