Chapter 150

On Monday morning, the scalper agency entrusted by Li Mu finally called him. The registration of Makino Technology was almost done. He only needed to go to the Bureau of Industry and Commerce to sign for confirmation and complete the last few procedures.

Li Mu planned to skip the last class in the morning to settle the registration of the company. At the same time, he called Jack Zhou. After the registration of the company was successful, he would first entrust a reliable financial agency, and then he could sign the contract with Baidu.

Jack Zhou immediately said that he could sign the contract at any time. During the days when Li Mu was preparing for 3321, the traffic and users of Easy Listening Net and Tieba had increased greatly. Baidu was afraid that a long delay would cause trouble. They wanted to settle the contract as soon as possible to prevent Li Mu from regretting.

Li Mu felt that there was no time like the present. He might as well sign the contract today. Anyway, the contract details had already been negotiated. Baidu might have already produced a contract model.

Baidu also readily agreed to Li Mu's request. The two sides decided to officially sign the contract at three o 'clock in the afternoon.

Li Mu spent half the morning and half the afternoon to get the relevant licenses and certificates of Makino Technology. The official seals and contract seals were also engraved. Then he went straight to Baidu with these things. Baidu's legal department gave the prepared contract template to Li Mu. In the conference room of Baidu, Li Mu and Baidu's Tan Yaocheng wrote their names on the contract.

Baidu officially invested five million in Makino Technology with a valuation of 50 million yuan, accounting for 10% of the shares. Of the five million yuan, Li Mu personally cashed out one million yuan.

Li Mu needed to start the change of registration information with the Bureau of Industry and Commerce after signing the contract and add Baidu as a shareholder. At that time, of the one million yuan registered capital of Makino Technology, Baidu would invest 100,000 yuan.

Baidu, on the other hand, needed to transfer the money into Makino Technology's company account and Li Mu's personal account within three to five working days after signing the contract. As for Li Mu's personal account, Baidu would withhold the tax.

After the contract was signed, Li Mu shook hands with the unhappy Tan Yaocheng and said with a smile, "President Tan, it's been a pleasure working with you."

Tan Yaocheng shook his head and said, "Cooperation is a good thing, but I'm not happy at all. I don't know why."

Li Mu laughed. "Don't lower yourself to the level of a young man like me. Cooperation is the most important thing between us. You have to believe me. In the future, I can bring you benefits that you can't imagine!"

From the first time Tan Yaocheng met Li Mu to signing the contract, he had been suppressed by this young man, which made him very depressed. Now that this guy got the contract, he was still so arrogant, which made Tan Yaocheng a little unhappy. He snorted and said, "Mr. Li, I can't wait to see how much benefits you can bring to Baidu."

Looking at his dissatisfied face, Li Mu smiled and raised his eyebrows. "How about this? Now that we are partners, I will give you an advertising slogan for free."

"Advertising slogan?"

Tan Yaocheng snorted with an embarrassed smile. "We have the publicity department. This kind of small thing shouldn't delay Mr. Li's precious experience."

Li Mu smiled and said casually, "It's just a matter of one sentence. I've already thought about it. If you think my idea is really awesome, you can take it for free. If you think it's nothing special, just take it as a joke."

Tan Yaocheng's face was ugly, and the others present were also a little angry. They all felt that Li Mu was too arrogant. Moreover, he first told Tan Yaocheng not to lower himself to his level, but then turned around and pretended to be awesome. It was really not nice.

Besides, do I need you to help me think of the advertising slogan?

Baidu was also a medium to large Internet company. Although it didn't come up with the awesome product model like Tieba before Li Mu, did it need him to talk about advertising slogan?

Did he really think that Baidu had no one?

When Li Mu saw that he had offended everyone present, he laughed awkwardly and said, "Mr. Tan, the advertising slogan I'm thinking of is: Baidu it and you'll know. You can think about it. If you don't think it's suitable, I'll keep it for my own use. Who knows, maybe I'll make a search engine one day."

F * ck!

Tan Yaocheng's expression froze. You want to make a search engine?

Can you be more shameless? We are partners now. Who would destroy a partner's rice bowl?

Although he was angry, he also felt that it was more likely that Li Mu was joking. When he rewound the video, he thought of the eight words that Li Mu said.

"Baidu once, and you will know …"

Tan Yaocheng squinted his eyes and muttered to himself for a long time. He kept repeating these eight words. The more he repeated, the louder his voice became. The more he repeated, the more excited he became.

Suddenly, Tan Yaocheng slammed the table and stood up. He shouted, "Baidu once, and you will know!

Where is Li Mu? "

The female assistant pointed to the door of the conference room. "He left …"

Tan Yaocheng then looked at the other colleagues around him. He did not expect that they were also muttering to themselves with a bewitched look. "Baidu once, and you will know …"

Upon closer inspection, everyone looked excited and pleasantly surprised, as if they had gained enlightenment.

Tan Yaocheng said with some excitement, "These eight words are really amazing!

Too awesome!

This Li Mu is really awesome. With these eight words, we probably won't need to change our advertising slogan for the next ten years … "

At this moment, Tan Yaocheng was already convinced. Although Li Mu ran away after showing off, he really felt the magic of this young man. This sentence clearly described the core service that Baidu provided to users. What was a search engine?

Wasn't it to let users find some things they wanted to find out?

Everything just needed to be Baidu once …

God, the more I think about it, the more awesome it is!

At this time, Li Mu had already left the office building of Baidu. He knew without thinking that these eight words would definitely bring great shock to Tan Yaocheng. After all, this was the core advertising slogan of Baidu that had not changed since 2005. As a search engine, these eight words were indeed very direct and appropriate. It could be said to be perfect.

Coming out of the building, Li Mu called Song Liang. After greeting each other, Li Mu said, "Brother Liang, I signed the contract with Baidu. Baidu invested five million yuan for 10% of the shares."

Song Liang laughed and said, "Kid, you cashed out a million yuan in one go!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "After the tax is deducted, it's still 800,000 yuan. I haven't gotten it yet."

Song Liang smiled and said, "It's okay. There's still my 2.5 million yuan. At that time, you can still get another 400,000 yuan after the tax. Isn't it 1.2 million?"

Li Mu called to talk about this matter. He wanted to confirm with Song Liang whether he was still willing to invest. He didn't expect him to take the initiative to say it. Moreover, the meaning of his words was very clear. He would definitely invest. It saved him the trouble of asking him again. Communicating with a smart person was easy and easy.

Immediately, Li Mu said, "How about this, Brother Liang. Take some time to come to Yanjing. Let's sign the contract. At that time, I will be the host and treat you to a big meal."

Song Liang nodded and smiled. "No problem. I will arrange the time and try to go in two days."

…

"Auntie, do you have any children in your family who are in Grade 12?

If you do, you might as well learn about our 3321 model. There are a large number of outstanding students who are part-time tutors here! "

At six o 'clock in the evening, at the entrance of a relatively high-end residential area in Yanjing, Li Mu held up a flyer for 3321 and stopped an auntie who looked to be in her early forties. The second stage of 3321's promotion officially began this afternoon. A large group of students, friends, and their friends were scattered to various residential areas. They were ready to directly release the 3321 model to the students' parents.

The auntie who was stopped by Li Mu was still carrying shopping bags from the supermarket. When she was stopped by Li Mu, she frowned and looked at him unhappily. She said impatiently, "My son has a tutor. He even has a language extra-curricular!"

When Li Mu heard this, not only did he not give up, but he became even more enthusiastic. This answer at least proved that there was indeed a child in her family who was in Grade 12. Therefore, Li Mu continued, "Auntie, the part-time students of 3321 are very different from the tutors."

"Of course!"

The auntie curled her lips. "You are a group of 18 and 19 years old children. How can you compare with those teachers who have more than 10 to 20 years of teaching experience?"

After the auntie finished speaking, she walked around Li Mu and was about to leave. Li Mu displayed his perseverance and chased up to her. He said, "Auntie, don't look down on the students of 3321. They are all top students from the top universities in Yanjing!"

"So what if they are top students? You have no teaching experience. You haven't even understood it yourself. How can you teach others?

You go and tell others. I still have to go home and cook! "

Li Mu did not refute the auntie's words. Instead, he asked, "Auntie, which university does your son want to apply to?"

"My son wants to go to Yanjing University of Science and Technology!" The auntie's tone was full of pride.

Li Mu smiled slightly and took out his student ID card. "You see, I am a student of the National People's Congress. Our school's ranking is slightly higher than that of the University of Science and Technology. This is nothing because there are thousands of students in 3321 who have better grades than me. Almost all the top students in the college entrance examination from all provinces are here."

As he spoke, Li Mu said wittily, "If your son wants to go to the University of Science and Technology, then it is 80% for science. I think you also know that the best school for science is Tsinghua University. If you can have a top student in the college entrance examination from Tsinghua University to tutor your son, won't he be better than those substitute teachers?

A substitute teacher can only teach one subject. Moreover, even if they have a good grasp of high school knowledge, it is impossible for them to do better than the students of Tsinghua University if they really go to the exam, right?

You have to know that they have just taken the college entrance examination. In their minds, the memories of the three years of high school courses and all the knowledge points are still warm. Most importantly, they have a lot of practical and efficient learning experience and experience in dealing with exams! "

Li Mu said a long string of words almost for a moment. After the auntie finished listening, she finally stopped and looked at Li Mu with surprise in her eyes.

Seeing that she wanted to ask questions, Li Mu did not give her a chance. Instead, he took a deep breath and continued, "No matter how good a student is, there will still be communication barriers between them and the teachers. This is the generation gap. However, there is only a year difference between a freshman and a senior student, so the communication between them will be smoother and their learning efficiency will greatly increase!"

After listening to Li Mu's words, the auntie was even more excited. Her son's grades were not bad. Since the summer vacation of his second year of high school, he had been tutor tutor. However, her son was not very proactive and always felt that it was too troublesome to tutor tutor. Every class had to be taught by a different teacher and a different place. What he could not stand the most was that the teacher's teaching style was faster than the teacher in class. Sometimes, her son could not keep up with the teacher's pace, but he did not dare to keep asking questions because that would delay the speed of other students. Moreover, her son often said that the communication between him and the tutor tutor was not very smooth.