Chapter 1794

Influenced by Elon Musk, Li Mu was also interested in the plan to colonize Mars. He hoped to use his money and influence to help SpaceX complete this feat as soon as possible. Therefore, after discussing with Elon Musk, they decided to announce to the world that they would invest at least 10 billion USD in ten years to explore Mars and land on Mars.

At that time, Elon Musk could also take the opportunity to sell his space dream to the world.

He wanted to see which tycoons were also interested in supporting him, or which tycoons wanted to fly in space, or who wanted to sleep in space after death.

Musk wanted to announce to Li Mu that he would send his ashes into space in the future, but Li Mu almost kicked him away.

If the conditions allowed, he was willing to go for a stroll in space. It could also be considered as a feat.

However, he was really not interested in launching his ashes into space.

People from Hua Xia did not have a strong desire to explore, unlike Europeans and Americans, who wanted to die on the road of exploration.

Li Mu watched "The Three-Body Problem" in his previous life. When he saw that Yun Tianming was willing to let humans launch his brain into the Three-Body Problem fleet several light-years away, he felt a chill down his spine.

What kind of person would have the determination to let his brain, a living brain, fly into the vast universe?

If it was Elon Musk, he might also agree to this unprecedented risk. This guy had a strong spirit of adventure in his bones. Even Li Mu suspected that the real reason for his entrepreneurship was to one day land on Mars. For this goal, this guy could sacrifice anything.

Other than the space plan to go to Mars, Li Mu also pulled Elon Musk back to reality and told him about Tesla's specific relocation requirements.

They would immediately start the construction of the factory. They would first come up with the planning and design plan, and after it passed the review, they would immediately start the construction. Tesla's scale was not big, and they did not have many employees. They could immediately move to Beijing after the factory was built.

In principle, in the first phase, Tesla would only keep its R&D department in the US, and all the assembly, production, and testing would be moved to Beijing. In the second phase, Tesla's R&D department would also be moved to Beijing.

Li Mu even wanted to move SpaceX to China, but Elon Musk told him that SpaceX had hired a lot of people from NASA and used a lot of NASA technology. If they moved to China, let's not talk about whether the US Department of Commerce and Department of Defense would allow it. Even if they did, it would be difficult to get technical support from NASA in the future.

Li Mu could only give up on this idea and get Tesla in first.

At the same time, the relocation of Volvo was also being actively prepared. The HR representative had already gone to Sweden to negotiate with the workers at Volvo's local production base.

The result of the negotiation was that they were willing to follow Volvo to Hua Xia. For this, Muye Automotive Group would pay them at least 150% of their salary and sign a three-year contract with them. Within the three years, they had to work in Hua Xia for 11 months every year. During these 11 months, they would enjoy normal weekends and holidays, and the last month would be paid family leave.

When they bought Volvo, most of the workers signed a three-year to five-year labor contract with Volvo under the leadership of Ford. In the future, these workers would have to continue to work for Volvo for another three to five years. However, there was no clause in the contract that required them to leave China and work overseas. Li Mu now wanted to move all the production lines of these brands to Hua Xia, so he really needed to reach an agreement with these workers.

Three years was enough for him to train and develop new teams while producing. If some of these people planned to return to China after three years, the overall impact on Volvo wouldn't be too big.

In fact, nowadays, it didn't matter whether a job was at home or on the other side of the world. What was important was how much money one could make.

Some media reported on Li Mu's major plans in the automotive industry. The report speculated that Li Mu would bring Volvo, Jaguar, Land Rover, and Tesla to Beijing. At the same time, he would probably create his own brand. In other words, Beijing would have five more automotive companies in the near future, and it would become the largest automotive production base in China.

Once this report was released, it brought a lot of pressure to Hyundai and Benz.

Both Hyundai and Mercedes-Benz were foreign companies that cooperated with Yanjing Automobile Group, and their product lines were basically not overlapping, so there was no competitive relationship. After all, the mainstay of Hyundai's sales were generally around 200,000 yuan and below, and Mercedes-Benz didn't have any cars less than 200,000 yuan.

However, no one knew what Li Mu's market position would be in the future. Just looking at Volvo, Jaguar, and Land Rover, they would directly compete with Benz. At the same time, Li Mu had always paid attention to the masses, so it was very likely that he would aim at the B-class car market and introduce low-end models, taking away Hyundai's business in one go.

Other automobile brands were also in a panic. Li Mu had taken so much land at once and prepared for such a large-scale industrial migration and integration and reconstruction. He was almost like a torrent of iron armor. Coupled with Li Mu's usual way of doing things, which was to fight high and have enough funds, it would not be long before all the automobile brands, joint venture brands, and foreign brands in Huaxia would face the huge impact of Muye Automobile Group.

…

At this time, Spielberg rushed to Yanjing with all the post-production of "Flying Tigers".

Li Mu planned to send a copy to the headquarters for review after he saw the sample and confirmed that there were no problems. Once he got the dragon mark, he could arrange for the follow-up work.

The test screening was held inside Makino Technology. After confirming the landing time of Spielberg's official plane, Li Mu invited the executives of several companies to Makino Technology in advance, and then sent a motorcade to the airport to pick them up.

As soon as Spielberg got off the plane, he rushed to Makino Technology with a copy of the movie.

Li Mu had been waiting for this movie for a long time, so he was particularly looking forward to it at this time.

This movie carried not only Li Mu's patriotism, but also the interpretation of the facts of World War II, as well as Li Mu's expectations and hope for Hua Xia's movie to go global.

It would be the world's first large-scale movie about Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese invasion.

Before this, there was almost no international initiative to make a movie about Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese invasion. The only film about Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese invasion that could be followed was the 1944 film "Dragon Seed".

Although there were a large number of movies about the Japanese War in China, none of them had been able to really step onto the international stage. Our anti-Japanese movies basically had no influence overseas, and there were very few that could even be released overseas.

At the same time, because the Japanese Zaibatsu had a strong influence in the global entertainment industry, in recent years, there had been a variety of movies that whitewashed Japan.

"The Last Samurai", which was popular in Li Mu's previous life and was aborted by Li Mu in this life, was the best example.

This sh * t movie described the extreme Japanese samurai spirit as something like the existence of God. The Japanese samurai spirit was as brilliant as cherry blossoms. The key point was that this was actually a movie made by the Americans. Little did they know that the kamikaze death squads that flew planes into the American warships believed in this spirit and were encouraged by this spirit.

But why was Hollywood willing to make such a movie to praise the samurai spirit?

Why did Tom Cruise not only participate in this movie, but also promote his love for the samurai spirit and Japanese culture?

In the end, wasn't it because of the Japanese capitalists behind the scenes?

If someone paid to promote it, there would be people willing to shoot, act, and distribute it around the world.

Why had Hollywood's World War II movies about Germany's oppression of the Jews been popping up for so many years?

"Schindler's List", "Life is Beautiful", "The Pianist", "The Boy in Striped Pajamas", and so on.

The Soviets and the Poles paid a more painful price in World War II, but why did Hollywood rarely make World War II movies about them?

In the end, the main reason was that the Jewish capitalists were too powerful. Almost half of Hollywood was in their hands, and their capital power promoted one similar movie project after another.

Before Li Mu invested in "Flying Tigers", the domestic capitalists had never thought of using their capital power to make some international movies about World War II, so that the people of the world could better understand the contribution of the people of Hua Xia in World War II and the harm they suffered, until the rise of Li Mu.

Now, Li Mu had become a powerful capital that Hollywood couldn't afford to offend, and even wanted to curry favor with. That was why Hollywood was willing to invest a lot of energy to follow him to make a big production about Hua Xia's resistance against Japan.

If this big production could be successful on a global scale, it would really open up the influence of Hua Xia's World War II theme in the international film market, and at the same time, it would make people all over the world face the history of Japan's invasion of Hua Xia.

This was the fundamental reason why Li Mu wanted to release this movie worldwide.

Before this, it was much more difficult to release a movie about the resistance against Japan globally than imagined.

Behind this was a powerful game between the capitalists.

If Li Mu's strength was slightly weaker, it was possible that it would be difficult for this movie to be released in most countries and regions under the secret manipulation of the Japanese conglomerates.

But now, the situation was different.

Not only was Li Mu richer than every Japanese conglomerate, the key was that he was more influential than all the Japanese conglomerates combined.

Therefore, his goal was to release it in all developed countries and regions in China. Even if it was a loss, he had to release it.

Naturally, the Japanese government would not dare to interfere with this kind of film that objectively described historical facts, but the Japanese conglomerates would definitely make things difficult for him.

Li Mu had already thought it through very clearly. If any Japanese conglomerate dared to play dirty with him, he would fight them to the end.