Chapter 1629

What Li Mu said to Wei Lan was a practical grasp of his future development, as well as some insights from his rebirth to the present when he started his business.

In Li Mu's heart, he could share all of Wei Lan's secrets except for the secret of his rebirth. This was something that no one else could do. Not only his own judgment and prediction of the future development, but even his innermost thoughts and his own private life, he would not guard against Wei Lan.

Therefore, Li Mu could be said to have taught Wei Lan everything he knew.

Seeing that the dishes were served, he concluded, "Wei Lan, remember two things. First, the future Wanying is not fighting for profits, but debts."

"In a rapidly growing industry like real estate, you don't need to worry about debts for a long time. Even if the debt ratio reaches 100, even if you are insolvent, you don't need to worry. Go ahead and do it.

Borrow money to buy land and launch new projects. Inflation will cause the currency to depreciate, so whether it is business owners or ordinary people, borrowing money from the future is the most cost-effective. Moreover, rapid development will cause the national housing prices to rise, which is equivalent to a double insurance policy. "

"For example, if a business owner takes a loan for three pieces of land this year and sells one of them five years later, not only will he pay off the loan with interest, but he will also have a large balance. It is the same for ordinary people. If they borrow money to buy three houses this year and sell one of them five years later, they will be able to cover all the costs. People who don't understand will always think that debts are a big problem and that debts are a time bomb. However, as long as your high debt ratio is exchanged for a steadily rising hard currency, you don't have to worry about anything."

"This is like borrowing money to store gold. As long as the price of gold keeps rising, I can sell the gold in my hands at any time and sell it at any time. There will be a lot of profits. What am I afraid of?

I am not afraid even if I pawn my organs to the investor. "

Li Mu thought about the future. People who didn't know the reason always felt that some tycoons and their companies had high debt ratios, especially real estate companies. However, the real estate projects that these companies exchanged debts for were almost all profitable. No matter how much debt they had, they didn't have to worry at all. The property market would be as strong as iron in the next ten years. Real estate was a benign asset that could be sold in the market at any time.

However, the domestic real estate industry had not really taken off yet. There were no real estate companies like Heng Da that had debts of over a trillion. Therefore, even Wei Lan did not have the guts to throw away all her burdens and run for her life.

In Li Mu's opinion, the housing prices in first-tier and second-tier cities would continue to rise for at least the next ten years. As long as it was within this time and region, the real estate business would really be profitable.

Take ordinary people as an example. If anyone had the foresight to buy a house in Beijing, they would be able to make a comeback in two to three years.

Unfortunately, in this era, very few people had such foresight. Most people were slow to realize it, including Li Mu himself.

Wei Lan was shocked when she heard that. In Li Mu's eyes, there was no need to worry even if they were insolvent. This logic was almost beyond the scope of what private entrepreneurs could understand. This was almost equivalent to completely exceeding the safety threshold of normal business.

However, she had a kind of blind trust in Li Mu. This trust was so strong that she didn't even need to think about the reasonableness of Li Mu's words. As long as it was Li Mu who said it, she would believe it without hesitation.

Then, Li Mu said, "Second point, never run after the policy, but run after the trend.

"If you run after the policy, the scope is too narrow. Everything revolves around the government. If you jump out of this and run after the trend, you will discover all kinds of potential markets that you haven't discovered before. That's because the ones running at the front will always be private entrepreneurs.

"If the country is compared to a big family, private entrepreneurs are the teenage boys in this family, energetic, adventurous, and always running at the front. The government is more like the middle-aged head of the family. He can't run around like a teenager because he still has to take care of a baby in swaddling clothes, a two or three-year-old child to raise, and a seven or eight-year-old child to worry about. Other than that, he has to find a partner, support his elderly parents, deal with all kinds of human relations, and even pets like cats and dogs to take care of. It's a heavy responsibility, so every step has to be carefully considered.

"In view of this situation, private entrepreneurs like us have to act as the scouts of this big family. We have to see the trend, find the direction, and try our best to break through. Only by doing this can we walk at the front of all private enterprises. For example, the internet industry is like this. We have to first see the global development trend and then charge forward with all our strength. This is the trend. When the first batch of Hua Xia's internet people find their way out, the government will provide the internet industry with all kinds of resources in order to nurture more internet companies and promote the development of the internet. This is the policy."

Wei Lan nodded her head thoughtfully and said, "I understand what you mean, but I still need time and practice to slowly digest it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the future, I won't have the energy to manage Wanying Real Estate. You are the real decision-maker of Wanying Real Estate, so you must take charge of the helm well. Even Song Liang and Chen Ze will only be your assistants and not make decisions for you."

Wei Lan pursed her lips and went silent for a while before she said, "I will do my best."

Li Mu nodded his head and smiled. "Alright, let's not talk about work. Let's eat."

… …

After the two of them had dinner, they returned to Ziyun Villa. As expected, they tossed and turned for the first half of the night. When they were both satisfied and exhausted at the same time, Li Mu hugged Wei Lan and fell asleep. However, after he fell asleep, Wei Lan quietly got up and helped him pack up his belongings for the trip the next day.

Clothes, underwear, toiletries, shavers, and even the dog's food bowl, water bottle, dog food, snacks, and toys were all packed neatly by her.

After doing all this, Wei Lan returned to the bedroom and slept with Li Mu in each other's arms.

The next day, Li Mu was woken up early by the alarm clock. Wei Lan was no longer in the bedroom. He sleepily walked to the first floor and found Wei Lan preparing breakfast in the kitchen.

Seeing Li Mu wake up, Wei Lan asked him, "You're up. Have you washed up?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I didn't see you when I got up, so I wanted to see what you were doing."

Wei Lan smiled sweetly and said to him in a sisterly tone, "Hurry up and wash up. The only thing left is the fried egg. It'll be ready soon."

Li Mu nodded his head and stretched. "Why are you up so early?"

Wei Lan said, "To prepare breakfast for you. Don't you have a 1 o 'clock flight?

You should be leaving around 10 o 'clock. The road to the airport is more congested during the day, so you have to plan for an hour. "

Li Mu smiled. "That's true. Even if it's an afternoon flight, it's still a bit rushed. I'll wash up, eat something, and pack my luggage. It's almost time to leave."

Wei Lan said, "I've packed your luggage. It's in the living room. I used a 28-inch box. You can go and see if there's anything that needs to be added or removed."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "You've packed your luggage?

When did you pack it? "

Wei Lan said, "Last night, after you went to sleep, I got up to pack it."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "It's already 12 o 'clock and you still got up to pack?"

Wei Lan's pretty face blushed slightly. "I was afraid that you would be in a hurry after getting up today, so I helped you pack first."

Li Mu hurriedly asked her, "What time did you sleep last night?"

Wei Lan said, "About two o 'clock."

Li Mu looked at the time. It was eight o 'clock in the morning. Wei Lan had almost finished preparing breakfast, which meant that she might have gotten up at seven o' clock.

Li Mu walked behind her and gently hugged her from behind. He said lovingly, "How can your body stand sleeping so little? Don't go to the company in the morning. Go back and sleep for a while after eating."

Wei Lan turned her face and gently kissed Li Mu's cheek. She said with a smile, "It's okay. I don't usually sleep much. I'll take a nap in the office at noon. I'll go to the company after eating, so I won't send you off. Be good and give me a call before you take off."

Li Mu asked her, "You're in such a hurry to go to the company?"

"Yes."

Wei Lan said, "There's a meeting at ten o 'clock in the morning. It was scheduled yesterday. I'll take charge of it. Everyone is so busy, so there's no reason for everyone to wait for me."

When Li Mu heard this, he didn't insist on persuading her anymore. If it were him, he would have done the same. He didn't want to waste other people's time because of his own problems.

After washing up, Li Mu and Wei Lan had breakfast together. Wei Lan looked at the time and said to Li Mu, "Honey, I have to go. Don't forget to check your luggage later to see if there's anything missing."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I'll check it right away, but I believe that you must have helped me pack up properly."

Wei Lan blinked and smiled, saying, "By the way, Puppy is going to take a plane. Before you take him to the airport, walk him in the yard first. If he goes to the toilet in the yard, don't give him anything to eat. If he's thirsty, you can just feed him a little water, lest he wants to go to the toilet on the plane. That would be troublesome."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I know. I'll walk him after I pack up."

Wei Lan reminded him, "When you take Puppy out, remember to tie a leash. Little guys at this age are very playful. If he accidentally runs away, it'll be hard to find him."

After that, Wei Lan added, "By the way, you have to be more careful yourself. I've put anti-diarrhea medicine in your suitcase. I'm afraid that you won't be used to it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're more careful than my mother. Don't worry, I'll take care of myself and Puppy."