Chapter 753

The Divine Boat was already on board, and Li Mu had finally made his mark in the field of PC hardware manufacturers. Thinking about how he was about to show the hidden side of himself to the whole society through Central TV, Li Mu could not help but feel a raging fire burning in his chest. In that instant, he felt as if he had become a general from ancient times. Before he led an army to conquer the world, he was filled with great ambitions. It was as if the whole world was waiting for him to conquer it.

A different kind of excitement filled Li Mu's blood. It made him feel as if there was an endless amount of energy gathering in his body, just waiting for the best opportunity to gush out.

Li Mu had originally wanted to treat Wu Haijun to lunch to celebrate the success of the collaboration. However, Wu Haijun decided to rush back to Shenzhen before Li Mu could invite him. Seeing that he was in high spirits, Li Mu did not invite him.

Wu Haijun took the contract and left in a hurry. He knew that what he had to do now was to hurry back to Shenzhen and prepare according to Li Mu's pace. It was not easy for him to get on the fast train of Li Mu's development. He had to keep up with Li Mu's pace and must not be a burden to him.

After Wu Haijun left, Liu Yidong asked Li Mu, "Are you sure you want to accept the interview with Central TV tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, I'm sure. Can I trouble you to inform the receptionist and see if they are free tomorrow? If both parties are fine with it, then we can arrange it tomorrow."

"Alright, I will let them know."

Liu Yidong informed the receptionist of Central TV about Li Mu's decision to accept the interview with Central TV tomorrow. The receptionist was extremely excited. He did not even think about it and immediately decided to set the interview for the next day.

This time, Central TV's invitation to interview Li Mu was equivalent to using action to ask Li Mu if he was ready to step onto the stage and face the public.

If Li Mu rejected the interview invitation, it would be equivalent to telling Central TV and other media that he was not ready and did not intend to expose himself.

If Li Mu did not intend to expose this matter, the domestic media would not take the initiative to expose it for him. After all, Li Mu not only had the higher-ups paying close attention to him, but he was also very powerful. It was not a wise move for them to offend both sides for the sake of big news.

If it was in the past, Li Mu would be more than happy to keep a low profile. However, Taobao.com's unexpected popularity gave Li Mu a strong signal. It also changed his behavior of keeping a low profile. Therefore, he decided to go from behind the scenes to the front and personally promote the development of Hua Xia's Internet industry.

This time, Li Mu was fully prepared.

After Central TV received a definite reply from Li Mu, they reacted very quickly. They immediately sent him a preliminary interview plan according to Li Mu's schedule.

This time, Central TV's interview plan involved two different segments. One was that Central TV's reporters and hosts would go to Li Mu's company for an interview, and the other was that Li Mu would go to Central TV's studio to accept an interview with the host.

The former was to make material for Central TV's Eastern Time and other news programs. The company interview was more about the two companies' products and business models. At the same time, it was to interview Li Mu's positioning of the two companies and their future plans. Overall, it was relatively simple, and the topic would not be too in-depth. Li Mu could choose to accept the interview, or he could choose to be interviewed by the core leaders of the two companies.

The latter was a one-on-one interview with Central TV's ace reporter. The interview would be about Li Mu himself and his career before and after starting his business. To put it bluntly, it was a TV version of a character's autobiography. This was also the segment where Li Mu had the most freedom. He could convey his views to the people of the country through Central TV, which was what Li Mu valued the most.

Central TV's arrangement this time was relatively flexible. If Li Mu was interested in accepting both segments, he would accept the interview in the company in the morning and then go to the TV station to accept the interview. If Li Mu only participated in the interview, both could be conducted at the same time. Li Mu could directly go to the TV station to accept the interview tomorrow morning.

Without much consideration, Li Mu decided to only accept the interview.

This was the first time that he appeared in front of the public as the founder of Makino Technology and Taobao. Li Mu wanted to make his appearance more focused, so he only accepted the interview. This way, he could also focus the attention of the society on the interview segment and the deeper message that he wanted to convey.

After getting confirmation from Li Mu, the Central TV interviewer revealed some information to Li Mu in advance:

First of all, the host for the interview tomorrow was Sun Junyi. He was also the most powerful and influential host for serious interviews in Central TV. The topic and questions for tomorrow's interview would be set by Sun Junyi. At that time, Li Mu could freely choose whether to answer.

Second, the "Face to Face" segment was 45 minutes long, while the "Focus Interview" segment was 15 minutes long. The current plan was that Li Mu's interview would be a condensed version on Sunday's "Focus Interview," and then a full 45-minute version on the same night of "Face to Face to Face". That meant that Li Mu would have at least 45 minutes to express his views to the whole society.

Li Mu understood Sun Junyi's interview style very well. His unhurried style of speech often had an unusual sharpness. He was good at using a casual and ordinary sentence to directly poke at the core of the pain. It was very unusual. However, Li Mu did not take it too seriously. He had already thought of what he wanted to achieve with this interview. Whether it was facing Sun Junyi or other hosts, he would not give them a chance to set the pace. This pace had to be set by himself.

Thinking of this, Li Mu immediately asked Liu Xiaodong to contact the other party and made a small request: Could the interview not be recorded in the studio, but at Taobao's storage base in Yanjing.

Central TV's response was that they had no objections. For such a high-end interview, Central TV would accommodate the interviewee in terms of time and space. Moreover, this kind of interview did not have too high technical requirements. There were two to three cameras, supplementary lighting, sound reception, and soundproofing. Even if it was recorded outdoors, it would not be a problem.

Li Mu chose to accept the interview at Taobao's storage base mainly because of the visual impact. If he just sat in the studio and explained e-commerce, it would be too abstract for the consumers. If he chose to do it at the storage base, the effect would definitely be more rich and three-dimensional.

…

Back home, Li Ma pulled Li Mu to sit on the sofa in the villa's living room. She said to Li Mu, "I've discussed it with your dad. If there's nothing else tomorrow, we'll go back to Haizhou."

"You're going back tomorrow?" Li Mu was stunned. It was a little sudden.

Li Ma smiled and said, "Yes, you've been so busy recently. We don't want to trouble you here."

Li Mu couldn't help but feel ashamed. "Mom, I haven't had time to accompany you and dad since I came to Yanjing. I even said I would take you around to play."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Didn't you accompany us to the Summer Palace?

Besides, with your assistant, Xiao Li, accompanying me, your dad and I had a good time. "

As she spoke, Li Ma grabbed Li Mu's hand and said warmly, "I know you're busy and have so many important things to do. These days, the TV has been talking about how your Taobao website has greatly promoted the domestic economy. Your dad and I are very proud of you. If you do your things well in Yanjing, your dad and I can also do what we want to do in Haizhou."

At this time, Papa Lee also came over and sat opposite. He smiled and said to Li Mu, "Actually, your mom is thinking about the contract for the department store. She said she wants to go back and sign the contract as soon as possible and start the renovation."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "Dad, Mom, I'm going to accept an interview with CCTV tomorrow. After tomorrow, I and what I've done will be made public. If you're not in a hurry, you can leave after the interview is broadcast."

"Accept an interview with CCTV?"

Li Ma said in surprise, "If you accept it, does it mean that everything you're doing now will be made public to the whole society?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "At least Makino Technology and Taobao website will be made public."

Papa Lee sighed subconsciously and said, "Son, in that case, you'll be standing in the teeth of the storm."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It has to be announced sooner or later, and this time, CCTV took the initiative to invite me. In the past, I could still stand behind the scenes, but this time, I'm afraid it's not appropriate for me to stand behind the scenes."

Li Ma couldn't help asking him, "Why is it not appropriate this time?"

Li Mu said, "In fact, if the media wanted to dig up my things, they would have done it long ago. The reason why they haven't reported it for such a long time is that the media has always maintained a high degree of consistency in this regard. They have never reported anything about me in any form except 3321. I heard from a partner that I should have gotten the attention of a senior leader. The reason why the media didn't report my things should also have something to do with this leader's instructions."

Papa Lee couldn't help asking, "Do you know which leader it is?"

Li Mu shook his head gently and said, "I'm not sure, but one thing I'm sure of is that this time, the leader also hopes that I can come to the front from behind the scenes. Otherwise, CCTV would not have taken the initiative to invite me for an interview. I think this should be the leader's intention."

Papa Lee asked again, "Then why do you think the leader wants you to come to the front?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not sure, but I think maybe he wants me to come out and be an example, or bring some changes to the domestic economic situation. Moreover, he has been taking care of me behind the scenes for so long, allowing me to focus on developing my career without distractions. I'm already very grateful. This time, Taobao has made such a big impact. If I'm still not willing to come out, I'm afraid the leader will lose his patience. Instead of that, I might as well take this opportunity to push the boat with the current and come to the front."

As he said this, Li Mu added, "The domestic Internet has just started not long ago. I feel that if I stand out and set a positive image for the whole society, it should also bring some new impetus to the domestic Internet industry, and also contribute to society."

Papa Lee lit a cigarette, took a puff, and said firmly, "Since you have made a decision, don't worry and do it boldly. Your mother and I will definitely support you fully!"

Li Ma also nodded with full support and said, "Then your father and I are not in a hurry to leave. We will go back after your interview is broadcast."