Chapter 1071

For students like Zhen Xiaoxiao, who studied in developed countries in the West, most of them had experienced the helplessness of "dreams are plentiful, but reality is harsh" when studying abroad.

Before going abroad, almost every one of them was in a state of long-term excitement. This was because when they thought about going to a country that was developed, had a superior environment, and was full of prestige in the movies, a strong sense of anticipation arose spontaneously.

However, when they really went abroad, they realized that although the overseas environment was good, what awaited them was not only a relatively superior hardware environment, but also a software environment that was full of obstacles.

The so-called software environment was the environment that young people in Hua Xia lived in. The character and values that were cultivated from a young age made it relatively difficult for them to integrate into the circle of the Western world. In addition, it was not easy for them to be accepted by the Westerners, so when they went overseas, most people would feel neglected and left out by the environment.

Because it was difficult to integrate into the local circle, these students would soon start to form groups. Chinese students basically only mingled with students from Hua Xia, forming their own small circle in the Western environment.

This kind of students' extracurricular life was boring and depressing. It was as if they had abandoned a large environment with more than a billion people and came to a small environment with only a few dozen people. It was like a free flying bird being locked in a strange cage. It was like some Chinese workers in the United States who could not speak English and were too lazy to learn English. They plunged into Chinatown and lived there for 30 to 50 years without coming out. This kind of feeling was like living in a village in the mountains. Most of the time, they stayed in the mountains and rarely went out. Even if they went out, they would only feel uncomfortable.

Although Li Mu didn't have the experience of studying abroad, most of the students he knew in his previous life chose to return to China in the end. And what made him feel the most helpless was that most of the time when they were overseas and after they came back from abroad, they would repeatedly talk about the various advantages of overseas life, as well as the various advantages that could not be achieved in China. However, if he really pulled them out to drink seven or eight taels of liquor face to face, almost every one of them would burst into tears or even cry bitterly when they talked about their overseas life. Perhaps only the people involved could understand the other kind of pain in this.

Zhen Xiaoxiao had interacted with many Chinese students. Regarding the issue of returning to China after graduation, everyone said they did not want to go back, but everyone was actually conflicted. It was not that they did not want to return to China, but they were worried that there would be no better opportunities for them to develop after returning to China. If there was really a bright future after returning to China, she believed that most of them would be willing to return.

Li Mu's ambition gave the Chinese students, including Zhen Xiaoxiao, a shot in the arm. They could also see the great difference in Hua Xia from Li Mu. Hua Xia could give birth to an entrepreneur like Li Mu, who was extremely charismatic and could conquer the world stage. Hua Xia could also give birth to an Internet company like Makino Technology, which was respected by the world. This was enough to show the overall momentum of the domestic economy. The idea of returning to China to develop was greatly promoted and promoted.

After answering Zhen Xiaoxiao's question, Li Mu chose a typical white male as the next questioner. After this male student got the microphone, he couldn't wait to ask, "Li Mu, my question is, when can you bring the great model of 3321 to the United States!"

As soon as this question came out, it instantly attracted the attention of everyone present.

They had completely understood the greatness of 3321 from Li Mu's speech. Interestingly, although the economic development of the United States seemed to be very good, the expensive university tuition was really incomparable to that of ordinary countries. Among the thirty to forty thousand students present, a considerable part of them worked in their spare time, and most of them worked in restaurants, car washes, and retail stores. The income was not high, and the work was tiring and not very technical. If the model of 3321 could really be brought to the United States, American university students would definitely be eager to join.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "I forgot to tell everyone that before today, I had reached an agreement with Principal Lawrence. Makino Technology and Harvard will jointly build the platform of 3321 in the United States, and put it into operation as soon as possible!"

There was a sudden burst of extremely loud cheers. In their hearts, Li Mu's 3321 had already become a lighthouse, or even an insurmountable Mount Everest. Now that Li Mu was actually going to bring 3321 to the United States, how could they not be excited?

At this time, Li Mu said again, "The 3321 in the United States will adopt the same strategy as Hua Xia. The platform itself will not make any kind of profit, and all the net profits will be charged to 3321 and Harvard's charity fund. All the charity funds will be 100% used for educational charity. We will also publish all the accounts, and accept the supervision and inspection of the entire United States and even the world at any time!

At that time, each and every one of you can download all the website's revenue data on the 3321 website, as well as the whereabouts of every penny. We will never use the charity fund as a guise to do anything unrelated to charity! "

Li Mu's impassioned speech caused the cheers of the audience to erupt again!

Li Mu's positioning of 3321 made all the charity funds in the United States feel ashamed in front of him. No charity fund in the United States could be compared to 3321, because the two were on completely different levels and levels.

There had never been a charity fund in the United States like 3321, which was completely open and transparent, and used all the money for charity, and published all the account data. Once 3321's charity fund in the United States was established, it would be a slap in the face to all the charity funds in the United States.

Among the various charity funds in the United States, a considerable number of them were not established for charity, but for tax evasion and money laundering.

Even the American funds that were truly dedicated to charity were much less pure and absolute than 3321. The main reason for this was that every charity fund basically used money to make financial investments in the financial market, and then used the profits earned from the donations for charity. A large part of this was because they did not have a fixed source of donations, and could only use the donations as investment funds first.

However, 3321 was different. 3321 had a healthy commission mechanism for both parties on its own platform, which ensured that 3321 itself had a sufficient source of donations. Therefore, it did not need to use the donations for any investments, and could directly use the donations for charity.

Finally, Li Mu concluded, "3321 will immediately start landing work on the United States website in the near future, and I believe we will be able to see it at the beginning of next year. At that time, we will first use Harvard and MIT as a pilot, and then gradually expand it to the entire United States!"

This news made the students from the two universities particularly excited. From the moment they first heard the news about the United States website, they had been anxiously waiting for 3321.

At this time, Li Mu saw Li Ziwei at the side of the stage, gesturing to him to look at her watch. He looked at the time on his watch, and it was almost twelve o 'clock. They had booked tickets to return to Silicon Valley at four o' clock in the afternoon, and they should be rushing to the airport at two o 'clock at the latest!

There were about two hours left. These two hours, Li Mu had already planned for Mark Zuckerberg. He needed to be alone with Mark Zuckerberg, and to explore more deeply the entrepreneurial thinking and logic in his current brain. Two days ago, he found that the domain name of Facemash had been registered by Mark Zuckerberg. It seemed that Mark Zuckerberg would soon establish Facemash according to the trajectory of his previous life.

However, Li Mu already knew the final outcome of Facemash. Its launch angered the leaders of Harvard, and Mark Zuckerberg was almost expelled. Li Mu was not interested in this project that was destined to fail. What Li Mu wanted to know more was whether Mark Zuckerberg had the idea of doing Facebook now.

According to the original plan, the time was not so tight, because the original plan was to start at about 9: 30 in the morning and end at about 10: 30. It would be settled by 11 o 'clock at the latest. Then, he could eat with peace of mind, and then have an in-depth chat with Mark Zuckerberg. After the chat, he could go straight to the airport to return to Silicon Valley. However, because the scene was too lively, the opening was delayed by an hour, and then he was asked to return. If this continued, not only would his in-depth contact with Mark Zuckerberg be delayed, but his plane would also be delayed.

Therefore, Li Mu said to the microphone, "Everyone, because I have to take the afternoon flight back to Silicon Valley, our speech today is almost over. I will find another student to ask the last question."

The crowd was disappointed, but Li Mu did not hesitate. He said directly to the microphone, "Mark, Mark Zuckerberg, my friend, today's last question, you can ask."

Because of Li Mu's special treatment, Mark Zuckerberg was arranged to sit in the first row of the infield. Li Mu could directly look at him. Mark Zuckerberg did not expect Li Mu to ask him a question, and he was a little stunned for a while. However, the microphone was quickly handed to him, forcing him to adjust his state in the shortest time possible.

Mark Zuckerberg took a deep breath and asked the question he had always wanted to ask Li Mu, "Li Mu, I want to know, why are you so talented in the Internet field?

Or should I say, what gave you such outstanding talent? "

Li Mu thought to himself that Mark Zuckerberg was really persistent. When they first met, he tried to ask himself this question, and Li Mu did not answer it at the time. He did not expect him to remember it and take this opportunity to ask.

The audience also realized that this was an excellent question. We all heard about the amazing things Li Mu did, but we did not know what made a 20-year-old so amazing. Therefore, everyone looked forward to Li Mu's answer to this question.

Regarding this question, Li Mu had two sets of answers. One set was true, and the other was half-true. The true answer was that he was reborn, and he had advanced knowledge of the development of the Internet and the development of products. Moreover, he had so many excellent products from his previous life as blueprints, so he was naturally more skilled in this field.

However, this set of true answers could only be buried in his heart forever. Therefore, Li Mu could only tell Mark Zuckerberg and tens of thousands of other students that it was actually Li Mu who said, "If you want to do a good Internet startup project, it is actually the same as if you want to pursue a beautiful girl. If you want to move a beautiful girl, not only do you have to put in more effort than other competitors, but you also have to try to study the other party's psychology more deeply. In other words, you have to understand the person you want to pursue. In other words, the concept of the Internet is to understand the user."

"If it's just simple understanding, it is not enough for you to succeed. Real success is on the basis of understanding, and then take the initiative to cater to the user. Only then will you have a higher chance of success than others."