Chapter 401

"It's true!"

In the face of Li Mu's questioning, Ning Hao patted his chest: "I just received a call from Director Wang. Listening to what he said, it seems that Director Zhou contacted Chen Wan privately before, but she hasn't given Director Zhou a positive answer. Director Zhou is worried that she won't agree, so he wants to talk to us. After all, we are the producers of" Old Boys ". He thinks we should have a closer relationship with Chen Wan."

Li Mu was anxious for a while. Chen Wan didn't tell him about this, and she didn't give Xiangnan Satellite TV a clear reply. Isn't she interested?

For Li Mu, although he doesn't like variety shows like "Happy Camp", the influence of the variety show "Happy Camp" is very strong. Several hosts who came out of this show are basically first-line celebrities in China. If they can take root in this show, why would they worry about the lack of popularity?

Because of this, Li Mu instinctively thinks that the invitation of "Happy Camp" is of great significance to Chen Wan, and it's almost a good opportunity that can't be missed.

So Li Mu didn't care about eating. He went straight out of the restaurant and called Chen Wan at the door.

Chen Wan didn't know that Li Mu had already heard about "Happy Camp". Calculating the time, Li Mu should have already returned to school to report, so she picked up the phone and asked him with a smile, "Brat, has school started yet?"

Li Mu said, "Not yet. Classes officially start tomorrow."

Chen Wan asked, "You're back?"

"Well, I'm having dinner with my dorm buddies."

With that, Li Mu couldn't help asking, "Sister, did Xiangnan Satellite TV call you?"

Chen Wan was startled, and asked after a moment, "Did you hear?"

"Well." Li Mu asked her, "Why didn't you agree to such a good opportunity?

If it was someone else, I'm afraid they wouldn't even consider it. What's more, Yanjing Satellite TV has never let you appear on screen. There's no point in wasting time. "

"Yeah …" Chen Wan's voice was slightly stuttering. "But … I don't really like Xiangdu …"

Li Mu said, "But isn't this related to your future? If you stay in Beijing, your career won't get any help, but if you go to Xiangdu, you might become the most popular female host in the country this year …"

Chen Wan, who was on the other end of the phone, suddenly fell silent. If it was a career pursuit, she would definitely want to go to Xiangdu to develop her career, but she was also very reluctant to leave Beijing.

Li Mu also guessed that she might not want to leave Beijing, so he tried to persuade her, "The job of a variety show host is actually very easy. Most of the time, a few hosts will coordinate a schedule for a show every week, and at least two episodes will be recorded. The rest of the time is more free. This is also why so many variety show hosts are able to develop in multiple directions. When the time comes, you can come back to Beijing often. You can even stay there for one-third of a month to work. You can stay in Beijing for the rest of the time."

Chen Wan said, "I don't think the television station will give them that much freedom, right?

What you're talking about is the treatment of a big-name host. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Sister, you are a big-name host. Don't you see how popular you are now? With your appearance and temperament, you are definitely among the top female hosts in China. And don't forget, you're not alone, there's still me.

At that time, I will take Makino Image to talk to Xiangnan Satellite TV, and use all the resources they are interested in to cooperate with them and exchange with them to ensure that you have enough freedom in the station. Moreover, in the future, Makino Image will make its own variety show. You are the best host in my mind. If you can accumulate enough fame through the platform of Xiangnan Satellite TV, Makino Image will also benefit a lot in the future. "

Speaking of this, Li Mu's tone was a bit pleading, "Sister, don't hesitate any more. Yanjing Satellite TV really has no future, and their internal bureaucratic atmosphere is very heavy, which is not suitable for your development. Give it another ten years, and it may not be able to make a good program. And in the first two years, it is estimated that most of the variety shows will be concentrated in Beijing to be produced. At that time, you will have more time to stay in Beijing."

Chen Wan's voice was a bit incredulous: "Is what you said true?"

Li Mu said with a smile: "Of course, the scene of the variety show in the future will be bigger and bigger, and it will definitely need large-scale and very professional recording studios. Beijing is the center of the development of media technology. Not only is the media concentrated, but also the network media is more concentrated, and the infrastructure is much stronger than other cities. The most important thing is that the stars are more concentrated.

In the future, there will be a variety of professional large-scale recording studios in Beijing. At that time, indoor variety shows all over the country will choose to be recorded in Beijing. In the future, whether it is Xiangnan Satellite TV, Nansu Satellite TV or Jiangzhe Satellite TV, their variety show recording site may be separated by a wall, and even the hosts of these shows live in Beijing. If the model I mentioned has not been formed before 2004, then I will invest money to do it. "

Chen Wan couldn't help laughing: "You want to do so much, is it just so that I can stay in Yanjing after I go to Xiangnan Satellite TV?"

Li Mu replied casually, "Of course, if I let you stay in Xiangnan alone for a long time, I'll be worried if you're unhappy. I remember when we first met, you said that you don't have any relatives or friends in Xiangnan. You don't even have any acquaintances."

Chen Wan smiled softly. She didn't expect Li Mu to remember this detail, and her heart was filled with warmth. When she thought of what Li Mu had just said, Chen Wan also felt that if she still hesitated, Li Mu would look down on her.

If she really went into the studio to record two episodes at a time, then the workload of two weeks could be completed in two or three days. Including some post-production work, she could at least guarantee that she could rest for one week every two weeks. Although the popular hosts are very busy, that is because they are also taking on various commercial performances, activities and announcements, and their real work is really not busy.

Hearing that Li Mu had made so many plans for herself, and thinking that she could return to Beijing every other week, and that the plane only took two hours, Chen Wan's previous scruples disappeared. She gave Li Mu a clear answer on the phone: "Well, I will contact Director Zhou tomorrow and tell him that I am willing to accept his invitation."

Li Mu said with a smile: "That's great. After you officially land in Happy Camp, I will send you two more gifts on behalf of Makino Technology."

Chen Wan asked curiously: "What gifts are you going to give me?"

Li Mu said: "It's a simple plan. After the premiere of 'Old Boys', Du Wei and I have not accepted any invitation from any variety show. When the time comes, we will ask them to support you."

…

Ma Weiwei had been in Yanjing Satellite TV for five years. For the first two years, she was like Chen Wan, an assistant to the pillar of the station at that time. After two years, she still couldn't make a name for herself. Not to mention hosting her own show, even when she was the assistant host of the show, she rarely got a chance to show her skills, and even her lines were pitifully few.

At that time, the pillar of the station was the same as her now. She had a strong sense of territory and was afraid that Ma Weiwei would steal her limelight in her show. Therefore, every time before recording a show, she would have to do the final review of the script. If there were any lines that had too many words, she would definitely simplify it or cut it. In short, she would try her best to not speak more than ten words per shot. That way, she wouldn't appear in a single shot for more than two seconds.

For two years, Ma Weiwei was just a passerby in Yanjing Satellite TV. That was until she "drank too much" at the station's annual party and schemed to have a high-level leader in her bed.

That night, Ma Weiwei drank a lot, but she wasn't drunk. A high-level leader of the station sent her home, and she didn't reject him. That leader took advantage of Ma Weiwei's "drunkenness" and wanted to take advantage of her. But unexpectedly, Ma Weiwei became a little wild after drinking, and he couldn't control himself and had sex with her.

From then on, Ma Weiwei became his lover. Ma Weiwei didn't want money or status. All she wanted was to make a name for herself in the station. That leader was also happy to take what he needed from Ma Weiwei. He took out some of the station's resources and easily took possession of her body.

Ma Weiwei also used this relationship to successfully break away from the shackles of being a pillar of the station. She first hosted a non-primetime news program for a period of time, then a primetime weather program. After that, celebrity talk shows became popular, and that person who had a close relationship with her created a program that completely belonged to her — "Special Interview." In a year and a half, she produced the most popular variety show in Yanjing Satellite TV, and also became the most popular female host in Yanjing Satellite TV.

Ma Weiwei was originally very satisfied with her current situation. But ever since the new year, her mood hadn't been good.

Speaking of which, in the second half of last year, her mood had started to be negatively affected by work. The negative influence came from a female anchor who had just graduated from her program, Chen Wan.

Chen Wan was younger than Ma Weiwei, prettier than Ma Weiwei, and her temperament was also much better than Ma Weiwei's. In a program that was led by Ma Weiwei, there was someone of the same gender that surpassed her in every aspect. Anyone else would be in a bad mood. This caused Ma Weiwei to feel extremely pressured.

In the beginning, Ma Weiwei wanted to kick Chen Wan out of her program and send her to another program. But she had a narrow-minded belief that if Chen Wan appeared on another program of Yanjing Satellite TV, she would still be a huge threat to her. She was the top sister of Yanjing Satellite TV, and if a competitor like Chen Wan appeared on another program, it would be a huge blow to her.

Ma Weiwei really wanted to kick Chen Wan out of Yanjing Satellite TV. But for an anchor like Chen Wan who had gotten into the program through her own ability, it was impossible for the station to kick her out unless she made a mistake. Therefore, Ma Weiwei decided to keep Chen Wan on her program. Only then could she use her absolute control over the program to completely suppress Chen Wan and ensure that she wouldn't have a chance to appear on screen.

Ma Weiwei originally thought that everything was under control. She never expected that Chen Wan would sneak out and guest star in a micro movie. What was even more unexpected was that the micro movie was so popular that even Chen Wan, an intern anchor who had never appeared on screen, became popular.

For the past few days, the station had been debating on how to arrange for Chen Wan. Even Ma Weiwei was feeling uneasy. Seeing how popular Chen Wan was, she felt an unprecedented sense of crisis. She even had a feeling that if Chen Wan was allowed to make an appearance on Yanjing Satellite TV, she would lose her position as the top sister.