Chapter 413

Li Mu had always felt that the direction of a person's life was a very subtle thing. A little influence from the outside world could change a person's fixed path, especially after his rebirth.

So far, the topic of assuming the direction of a person's life was a false proposition for others, but it was true for Li Mu. For example, if Li Mu had not appeared, Liu Yidong would have followed the established path in his previous life: Start a business in Zhongguancun, try e-commerce after SARS, establish Jingdong, break up with his girlfriend, rise in Jingdong, marry a post-90s internet celebrity, and become a winner in life.

However, Li Mu just happened to appear in his life in 2002. He was like a bright lighthouse on the road of life. Even if Li Mu did not summon him, he would still make different decisions from his previous life because of Li Mu's dazzling brilliance. In their last conversation, Liu Xiaodong had revealed his intention to test the waters of the Internet. It was precisely after seeing the brilliance of Li Mu, a first-year junior, that he subtly made the decision.

If he had tried the Internet earlier, he would not have had the idea of doing B2C e-commerce because of SARS. Perhaps he would have tried other Internet projects. In short, regardless of whether Li Mu had established contact with him or not, his life path had been influenced by Li Mu, and it had changed from his previous life.

As for whether this change was good or bad for him, Li Mu was not sure, and he did not need to know. Now that he had grasped Liu Yidong's entrepreneurial heart, he would be his business partner in this life.

The only regret was that the future internet celebrity in Jinling, who was only nine years old this year, might have already missed Brother Liu's train.

Li Mu felt that this was a good thing. In this society, if there were fewer stories of young girls marrying rich men of the same age as their fathers, it would give more confidence to the young people in the future. It was better to leave the young girls in the future to the young men in the future.

Li Mu was sitting in the private room of the restaurant, waiting for the arrival of the couple, Liu Shixiong and Senior Sister Gong. The couple had arrived more than ten minutes earlier than the agreed time, and as soon as they entered the room, Li Mu could see that the two of them were holding each other's arms intimately, and their faces were full of joy.

Li Mu looked at the two and teased, "Senior Brother, Senior Sister, what are you so happy about?"

Liu Shixiong laughed heartily. "I've waited so long for your summons. How can I not be happy?"

Gong Xiaojing also added, "That's right. Feng Dong has already sold all his shops after the New Year. He has been waiting for your summons during this period of time."

Li Mu quickly invited the two of them to sit down and said with a smile, "It's not a summons. I have a lot of trust in Liu Shixiong's ability, so I want to do something with Liu Shixiong. I've been busy for some time, so I didn't have time to have a good chat with Liu Shixiong. Today, let's take this opportunity to talk things through. If everyone thinks there's no problem, we can start."

Liu Yidong said excitedly, "I've already prepared for it. You can decide how to cooperate."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's order first. Let's talk while we eat."

After ordering, Li Mu and Liu Yidong drank tea instead of wine. They chatted while drinking. Li Mu didn't hide anything and said very frankly, "I'm too busy right now. Makino Technology is in internal testing for a heavyweight product, and the game company has also started internal testing for a game from Korea. Other than these, there are some other things that I have to deal with in private. Maybe I can find time to deal with some small things now, but if you want me to open up a new field, I don't have the energy to deal with it."

"I'm very optimistic about the field of e-commerce, and I'm more inclined to start with C2C first. I've talked to Senior about the product plan of Taobao before. Plus, I already have Alipay in hand, and Muye Technology has such a strong user base. It can be said that the link from users to payment has been opened. I basically have the core points of doing e-commerce, so I want to set up a new company that specializes in e-commerce."

"I'll leave the normal operation of the new company to you, Senior Brother. We'll decide the development strategy, I'll decide the technical development, and you'll decide the operation and development. According to what I said last time, we'll invest together. I'll contribute 90%, and you'll contribute 10%. The shares will be 80% for me, and 20% for you. Senior Brother, your 20% will be directly reflected in the capital contribution information in the industrial and commercial system when the company is registered."

When Li Mu said this, Liu Shixiong and his girlfriend Gong Xiaojing were stunned.

At first, the two were worried that Li Mu might not be willing to directly give the promised 10% to Liu Xiaodong. They didn't expect that Li Mu would take the initiative to give the answer that they were most looking forward to.

The additional 10% would be reflected directly in the industrial and commercial registration. This was the most direct and authoritative way to recognize the shares.

Li Mu continued, "I prefer like-minded friends. Although I don't see Liu Shixiong much, we get along very well. So, I won't hide the shares. However, since we're going to take out real money to do things, it's better to communicate some things clearly first. So, I have a request for the shares."

Liu Shixiong hurriedly said, "What's your request? Just tell me."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "First, there's the competition restriction. I don't need to say this. Any industry will have this restriction on the senior leaders. After we cooperate, you and I can't engage in or invest in companies or individuals in related industries outside of our company."

Liu Shixiong nodded without hesitation. "Of course."

Li Mu continued, "Secondly, there's the cash out restriction. Before the capital comes in, you and I are the original shareholders. After the capital comes in, you and I have to maintain the same general strategy and not cash out too early."

Li Mu didn't doubt Liu Shixiong's vision. Once he saw the development prospects of the company, he wouldn't do something like killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. However, he still had to make it clear that most of the capital was not in good faith. They came with money and weapons. Li Mu had to ensure that Liu Shixiong, the original shareholder, would always be on the same side as him. The restriction on the cash out was the ugly truth, and the ugly truth had to be said first.

Liu Shixiong nodded without hesitation. "You can set the rules for the cash out. I don't have any opinion on this."

Li Mu said, "For now, you can cash out after Series C, but the cash out of Series C cannot exceed 20% of the individual's shareholding."

“OK！”

Li Mu added, "Once our business starts, the non-competition restrictions will always be in place. If someone exits because of disagreements or different ideas, as long as the exiting person is not in the same industry, the shares will always be decided by the individual. If the exiting person is in the same industry, the shares must be liquidated immediately and bought back by the company at the valuation of the latest round of financing."

Liu Shixiong thought for a while and agreed. This requirement was not harsh. Everything revolved around the core of non-competition. Moreover, the industry's requirements for non-competition were much harsher than Li Mu's requirements. Once the shareholders of most companies violated the non-competition restrictions, some would be forced to give up the shares, and some would be forced to buy back the shares according to the company's registered capital. Although these were very unfair, they were all written in the contract in advance. When the time came, if the shareholders violated the contract, they would also be fully supported by the law.

Buying back the shares according to the registered capital was very common and also a very unfair restriction. Even if the company was worth one billion yuan, if the registered capital was only ten million yuan, 20% of the shares would only cost two million yuan. In comparison, what Li Mu said, buying back the shares according to the valuation of the latest round of financing, was already very, very kind.

Li Mu's thinking was also very simple. Although he was more successful than Liu Xiaodong now, he still had some respect for him in his heart. Liu Xiaodong was a big shot in the Internet industry in his previous life. It was also fate after his rebirth that he was able to cooperate with him. Therefore, if the cooperation did not continue in the end, Li Mu also hoped that they could go their separate ways peacefully and not fall out.

"That's all I want to say. As for the points I mentioned just now, if Liu Shixiong has no objections, it will be clearly reflected in our contract when the time comes."

After Li Mu's few requests, Liu Shixiong and Gong Xiaojing's impression of Li Mu increased a lot. It was rare to meet a main partner who would really lay out everything on the table, and there were even fewer people who were willing to write all the terms that had been discussed into the contract. Many entrepreneurs initially only received the boss's painting. Before conquering the world, the boss was more generous than anyone else, and he could not wait to promise the world that he had not yet obtained to his subordinates. But once the world was conquered, the bow would be removed after the birds were used up, and the dogs would be cooked when the rabbits were dead.

Some people became tens of millions or even billionaires with the rise of a startup, but more people left in embarrassment after the success of the startup. Li Mu could not guarantee anything else, but at least he would not disappoint his employees and partners. This was not only because he was willing to share the profits, but also because he firmly believed in the importance of teamwork. He could earn less money, but he could not lose the trust of the people.

Although Li Mu was much younger than Liu Shixiong and Senior Sister Gong, he had shown in front of them that he was a gentleman in business. All of the demands in Liu Shixiong's heart were basically satisfied, and he could not hide his excitement. He asked Li Mu, "When are we going to start?

How? "

Li Mu said, "We can start to register the company now. The company's technology can be temporarily handed over to the development team of Makino Technology, but we still need to rent an office building and set up an operation team first. So let's register the company with a scale of 10 million in the near future."

Liu Shixiong asked, "10 million is the registered capital, or the actual capital contribution?"

Li Mu said, "It is the actual capital contribution. There is a time limit for the registered capital, so we can start with 5 million. We will actually invest 10 million for the first stage of the company's operation."

After that, Li Mu asked Liu Shixiong, "Senior Brother, will 1 million be too much pressure?"

Liu Xiaodong smiled and said, "No problem. We can still get back a lot of money if we sell the shop."