Chapter 1445

Li Mu expected that this private placement would be very popular, but he did not expect it to be this popular.

Chen Ze had been paying attention to the subscriptions in the member platform. In two hours, the subscriptions had exceeded the limit of five billion yuan.

Learning from Li Mu's logic of data analysis, Chen Ze also began to do a general analysis of the subscription data in the past two hours.

First of all, a total of 133 members had successfully subscribed for five billion yuan, and the average subscription amount was 37.6 million yuan.

Secondly, the official members of the CSC Club in all parts of the mainland and even in Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan currently numbered 1,089. The number of members who logged in at the same time was 897. Among them, 874 people logged in after the text message was sent, which meant that at least 874 people saw the specific situation of this private placement fund.

Then, from the current data, it could be confirmed that the conversion rate of the fund among the members was about 15%. However, due to the subscription limit, the remaining 85% were not interested, or they wanted to buy but were too late. He still had to wait for the follow-up data.

The follow-up data was the behavior of other users who subscribed.

The platform showed that the number of people who submitted subscription applications was still increasing. Although after they clicked on the application, a notification would pop up to tell them that the current five billion yuan had been bought out, their application data would still be recorded by the platform.

Within half an hour of the end of the subscription, there were 532 people who did not know that the subscription was over, so they submitted their subscription applications as usual. The total subscription amount of these 532 people was 21.8 billion yuan!

The average subscription amount was 40.98 million yuan.

However, the membership subscription craze was not over yet.

An hour later, there were another 155 people who subscribed, with a total subscription amount of 9.3 billion yuan. The average subscription amount was more than 60 million yuan!

The more time passed, the higher the average subscription amount. Chen Ze did not understand why at first. After communicating with Li Mu, Li Mu quickly guessed the key. He said to him, "Everyone received the news at the same time. The people who delayed it later were more likely to use more time to confirm the source of the funds, so the amount of funds that could be confirmed would be more."

Chen Ze thought about it and said, "That makes sense."

Li Mu said, "What you can take out immediately is what you have. I'll give you an hour, you might be able to clear up the connections and take out more."

Chen Ze said, "If that's the case, why do we need to do it in batches? We can just directly open up 22 billion yuan in one go. That way, we would probably be done by now."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The more we do this, the more they will cherish the opportunity we give them. Not only this opportunity, but also future opportunities. This time, we raised 20 billion yuan domestically. Next time, we might raise more overseas. We have to make them hungry for the same type of products. We will be more proactive in the future. If you have time, you can talk to Taobao 'Lei Jun, he might give you a more detailed explanation."

Chen Ze said, "I understand the general idea."

Li Mu grunted and said, "Since everyone is so enthusiastic, we will temporarily adjust our strategy. For the next few subscriptions, after the subscription, the subscriber must first pay a 10% deposit, and then pay all the money within ten days. If there is a shortfall after ten days, 5% of the shortfall will be deducted as a penalty. If the actual payment is less than 50% of the subscription, they will be permanently disqualified from participating in any form of capital operation of the CSC Club."

Li Mu did not really trust the subscription intent. Anything related to money, the intention was not reliable. Only money was reliable. Even if your parents promised to give you living expenses today, they might postpone it to tomorrow because of something else, not to mention the flow of such a large amount of money.

What's more, these were a bunch of people who borrowed chickens to lay eggs. They liked to use other people's money to make money for themselves. Therefore, the funds behind their subscription intent were likely to come from promises that were not under their control.

For example, if Zhang San subscribed for 100 million today, he was confident that he could find a low interest source of funds, and then use this opportunity to earn a few million. However, when the time came to pay for the subscription, there might be various problems with his source of funds. Any problem could cause him to not be able to pay that much money. At that time, there would be a lot of people who stood up at the last minute, and his big plan would be affected.

Therefore, Li Mu discussed with Chen Ze that they might as well add a reserve subscription pool, which would be allocated according to the 1: 1 ratio with the available subscription amount. For example, this time the subscription amount of 5 billion was already full, and they could absorb another 5 billion to become reserve substitutes. If there were people in the group who subscribed for the subscription at the front end who could not fulfill the subscription, the reserve substitutes would replace them, and so on.

Chen Ze was very supportive of this series of detailed plans. After all, their first goal was to raise the equivalent of 2.5 billion US dollars. As for who paid the money, it did not matter. Therefore, they must ensure that the first goal was achieved.

Li Mu entrusted Chen Ze with the full responsibility of the private equity fund and the follow-up fundraising. He no longer paid attention to how this matter was carried out. He just wanted to wait for Chen Ze to tell him one day in the near future that all the money was in his account.

…

Until the acquisition intent was negotiated with Apple, Li Mu did not directly meet with the people from Apple.

Tim Cook wanted to meet with Li Mu, but the highest representative sent by Makino Technology for the acquisition of Apple was Lin Ching-ah. He and Apple's senior executives all felt that Li Mu did not value Apple, let alone the acquisition of Apple. Therefore, he was not willing to personally participate in this matter.

This gave Apple's senior executives a great sense of frustration.

The company was ready to be sold, and the big boss of the buyer was too lazy to meet with the company's senior executives.

In fact, Li Mu himself really wanted to meet with Tim Cook to see how experienced this person was in controlling the market. If possible, it would be best to digest Tim Cook in advance.

However, in order not to affect the acquisition, Li Mu still insisted on the principle of not meeting with Tim Cook. He wanted all the senior executives of Apple to continue to misunderstand that he was not that interested in Apple.

This was not to show off, but he did not want any changes to happen before the acquisition. The colder his attitude was, the less confident Apple would be, and they would worry that he might give up the acquisition at any time. In this case, they, who were eager to stop their losses and cash out, had to speed up the acquisition as soon as possible. On the other hand, if he kept chasing after Apple, it would make Apple feel that it was a rare commodity, and they might even cause trouble for him.

Li Mu even decided to fly to Harvard early the next morning to meet Mark Zuckerberg, and then bring Su Yingxue to Silicon Valley. When Apple signed the contract, he would meet with the people from Apple.

At the critical moment of the acquisition of Apple, Li Mu suddenly wanted to leave, which put a lot of pressure on Lin Ching-ah. Although she was already the vice president of Makino Technology, an acquisition with a market value of 3 billion USD was a first for her.

It was not just her, even Li Mu had never played such a big game before.

Fortunately, Li Mu had already formulated most of the key points. As long as Lin Ching-ah moved forward according to Li Mu's requirements and rhythm, there would not be any major deviation.

Before leaving, Elon Musk suddenly called Li Mu and asked if Li Mu had time. He wanted to report to Li Mu in detail about the geek project that used 18650 battery packs to develop alternative energy vehicles.

Li Mu said to him directly, "How about this, pack up and go to Cambridge with me tomorrow. We can talk on the plane."

Elon Musk was stunned, then said, "Okay, I'll arrange some work and go with you tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "I'll ask Ziwei to tell you the departure time later."

…

On the way to Massachusetts on the business jet, Elon Musk sat across from Li Mu. The small conference table was filled with a lot of materials, and he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I did a due diligence on the electric car research project. Overall, I'm very optimistic about their project, and I think it can be done seriously."

Li Mu asked him, "What exactly is it that you're optimistic about?"

Elon Musk said, "It's mainly the way of thinking and the feasibility of the technology."

Elon Musk said, "Electric cars have many advantages. They're environmentally friendly and cheap. More importantly, electric cars can easily achieve breakthroughs in performance. If lead-acid batteries are used, the energy density is low, and the battery weight is heavy. This will result in a huge loss in range, power, and battery life. This team took a different approach. They used 18650 lithium batteries, which have high energy density, light weight, and a lifespan that is at least three to five times longer than lead-acid batteries. Therefore, with this technology, the range, weight, power, and battery life of electric cars will be greatly improved."

Li Mu asked him, "How far can a car go when it's fully charged with this technology?"

Elon Musk said, "They're already experimenting with a frame car. If the density of the battery pack is higher, it won't be a problem to have a range of more than three hundred miles."

"What about charging?" Li Mu asked, "How long does it take for this car to be fully charged?"

Elon Musk said, "If the current of the charging device is high enough, it can be fully charged in six to eight hours. This car will be very suitable for the middle class, and its range will be enough for daytime driving."

Li Mu nodded. It seems like Tesla already has a certain foundation in battery technology. If this is the case, with enough investment, the project will be able to start quickly.

However, Tesla's biggest problem in Li Mu's previous life was its production capacity. Therefore, Li Mu asked Elon Musk, "If we invest in this team, how do we solve the production process?"

Elon Musk immediately said, "We need to build a new production line."

Li Mu waved his hand. "The team you're talking about is, at best, a car industry theorist. They research batteries, battery management, charging and discharging control, motor drive, and braking energy recovery. They're already very big. How can we build our own production line?"

Elon Musk said, "It's like this, Li Zong. If we invest in this project, we need to first complete the research and development you mentioned, then build a prototype car. My idea is that after we build the prototype car, we can first pre-sell it in Silicon Valley. This way, we can get a batch of orders and funds. Then, we can start building a medium to large production line to speed up our production."

Li Mu said helplessly, "Elon, what era is this? Who wants to start a business in one go?

If you want to open a western restaurant, you don't need to raise your own cattle. Working with a cattle farm or buying a cattle farm is the best solution. "

Then, Li Mu said, "If this electric car solution is feasible, then I will directly buy a car manufacturing company in Hua Xia. At that time, our car company will be divided into two parts. One is the R&D team that you're in contact with right now. They will be responsible for the research and development of electricity-related technologies. The other is the car manufacturing company that I mentioned, which is the future manufacturing team. They will be responsible for the development and production of the car hardware. If possible, we will also buy a battery R&D and production company."

Elon Musk said, "Li Zong, if that's the case, the start-up cost is too high, and the risk is too high …"

Li Mu asked him, "How many years do you think it will take for this company to get off the ground?

Can you deliver the first car in five years?

Can you deliver a million cars in eight years? "

"This …" Elon Musk was speechless.

Li Mu said, "Do you know that Hua Xia has a car company called Geely?"

"I don't …"

"Then you can understand that the founder of this company had the mentality of 'a car is four wheels and two sofas.' They decided to build cars in 1997, and the first car came off the production line in 1998. You have to have that kind of courage to do this. If you want to use seven or eight years to slowly raise it, then I think you don't have to do it. Because when the time comes, even if you manage to raise it, it will be riddled with holes and all kinds of problems. Today, it might not have enough production, tomorrow, it might not have enough cash flow, and the day after that, it might start losing millions a day. As a company that manufactures and sells products, the less production you have, the more cash flow you can't keep up with, and the more losses you will suffer!"

When Elon Musk invested in Tesla, he only invested a few million USD in the first round. Investing a few million USD to build a car was like a joke to others. From this, one could see how slow Tesla's starting speed was. It was as if they were using a lighter to stew 'Buddha jumps over the wall'.

In Li Mu's opinion, if he invested in Tesla today, he would need to rope in the founding team of Tesla today. Tomorrow, he would need to lock in an automobile manufacturing company and increase his investment. It would be like using two high-powered stoves to stew a pot of 'Buddha jumps over the wall'. Naturally, the speed would increase exponentially.