Chapter 1042

Before Mark Zuckerberg found out about the details of the Top School Belle Competition in Paradise Town, he felt like the Wright Brothers who had just been inspired to create a plane. After much difficulty, he had built his simple plane and was about to find a chance to test it, but then he suddenly saw a Boeing flying over his head. That feeling of despair was simply …

Apart from despair, Mark Zuckerberg felt a sense of defeat for the first time. He thought he saw the potential of campus beauties to create revenue online from Paradise Town. He thought that he had created a platform specifically for campus beauties, which was an unprecedented innovation. However, the Paradise Town's Most Beautiful Campus Competition made him completely understand that his Facash was not unprecedented at all.

He just crudely plagiarized the idea of Paradise Town, and then thought that he was carrying out some great innovation with some slight changes. In fact, the operation team of Paradise Town had long surpassed his understanding on this point, and soon began to implement it. The momentum was so great that he was stunned.

Mark Zuckerberg sat in front of his computer in shame. He looked at his unfinished Facmash and had mixed feelings.

Shame was only part of his complicated feelings. More than that, Mark Zuckerberg admired the extreme operation of Paradise Town. He had never thought that an Internet company could create such a great social influence in the real world. Whether it was Google or Microsoft, the greatness of these companies was that they changed people's lifestyles through their continuous efforts. However, this change was gradual, like a sapling growing into a forest step by step. Offline users had long been accustomed to it as they watched it grow little by little.

And the Paradise Town's Most Beautiful Campus Competition was like a sudden tsunami sweeping across the land. Before this, no Internet company had such a fanatical pursuit in such a short period of time. This made Mark Zuckerberg have a deeper understanding of the Internet. He began to worship Li Mu, who was not much older than him, who controlled everything behind the scenes. In his opinion, Li Mu was his biggest idol and role model.

At the same time, Mark Zuckerberg also felt that the charm of the Internet was much greater than he had previously understood. This failure made his heart burst with more enthusiasm and respect for this industry.

Mark Zuckerberg had worked hard for several days on Facash, but it had been declared a failure before it could go online. Mark Zuckerberg also very decisively stopped further development. He decided to learn from this failure, and then carefully look for a more mature product plan.

Mark Zuckerberg, who was reflecting, did not know that his fate had shifted under the influence of Li Mu. He originally wanted to rely on Facash to accumulate experience, and through his own development, promotion, and operation of Facash, he constantly summed up his experience and lessons for his next product, which was the godly product that made him a billionaire — FAC.

But now, Facash had died prematurely, and a lot of experience could no longer be accumulated. More importantly, no one knew how much his FAC had to do with Facash. If the two were inevitably related, then Mark Zuckerberg was afraid that he would miss his FAC.

Mark Zuckerberg's roommate, Dustin, had not had the energy to pay attention to the shy big boy around him, because his beloved girl, Monica, also signed up to participate in the school belle selection that made all the beautiful college students go crazy. As Monica's boyfriend, he was now mobilizing all his relatives and friends to register for "Paradise Town" through MSN, asking them to quickly register for the game, and then work hard to obtain "resident tickets" in the game. Then, when the first stage of the event officially began, they could buy tickets for their beloved Monica.

Monica's beauty was average. If she were to be ranked in the entire Harvard University, she might not even be in the top 100. But every girl on a university campus had a dream called "Million Dollar Beauty" at this time, so Monica also wanted to give it a try. Anyway, she did not have to spend a penny, so why not?

Dustin spent a day convincing his parents, as well as his younger brother who was still in middle school. At the same time, several of his cousins also promised to take time to play the game he recommended, "Paradise Town". He also tried to contact some high school classmates, but unfortunately, those high school classmates who went to college like him were also locking in "resident tickets" in advance for the girl they liked, so Dustin got nothing from this group of people.

While he was racking his brains to think about who else he could try, Dustin suddenly thought of his roommate who was buried in front of the computer all day long.

Originally, he did not consider Mark Zuckerberg, because he thought that Mark Zuckerberg was so obsessed with the school belle, Fiona, that Mark Zuckerberg would definitely leave his resident ticket to Fiona, and even go to his relatives and friends for Fiona like Dustin did. But he suddenly remembered that two days ago, Mark Zuckerberg seemed to have said that he felt that Fiona was now very different from him, and now there were so many people chasing after her, even giving her expensive virtual gifts every day. He and Fiona were completely different people, so Mark Zuckerberg's obsession with Fiona seemed to have disappeared.

Thinking of this, Dustin hurriedly asked Mark Zuckerberg, "Hey, Mark, can you do me a favor?"

Mark Zuckerberg looked at him and said, "Go ahead."

Dustin said with a smile, "Look, buddy, I know you have a soft spot for Fiona, but now the problem is that Monica and I are almost together. She wants to participate in the National Most Beautiful School Beauty Competition, so she asked me to help her find more friends to vote for her. I hope you can help me and vote for Monica when the time comes."

Before Mark Zuckerberg could answer, Dustin hurriedly added, "If you don't want to, just say it. Don't make it difficult."

Mark Zuckerberg laughed at himself and said, "Fiona definitely doesn't lack my votes. I'll vote for Monica when the time comes."

Dustin looked at him in surprise. "Really?

You're really willing to vote for Monica? "

Mark Zuckerberg nodded and said, "Of course, I'm willing."

"That's great!" Dustin was very excited. "Thank you, buddy!"

"You're welcome."

Dustin was excited and a little embarrassed. He said, "Hey, Mark, there's one more thing."

"Just say it. Don't be so wishy-washy."

Dustin pursed his lips and said with a little uncertainty in his eyes, "If there are other people around you who have votes, I mean, like your parents, siblings, and good friends, can you help me ask them to vote for Monica?"

Mark Zuckerberg looked at Dustin in surprise and asked him, "How many votes do you want to help Monica?"

Dustin shrugged and spread out his hands. "The more the better. Monica is looking forward to this competition, so I naturally have to do my best."

As he spoke, Dustin counted his fingers and said, "Look, I've already informed my parents, my brother, my cousins, and my cousin who works in the lumberyard. I've basically asked everyone I could. I even asked my grandma, but she doesn't know how to use a computer and can't help me."

Mark Zuckerberg was dumbfounded and said, "You even attacked your family?"

"This is a good chance for me to perform in front of her. I have to take advantage of it!"

Dustin said. "Other than my family, I can't ask anyone else. Everyone is paying attention to this competition now, and everyone's votes have been locked in by others."

Mark Zuckerberg was extremely surprised. Although he knew the significance of Paradise Town, he didn't expect it to be so fanatical. Dustin was a male student, and he wasn't a direct participant in this competition, but even he was trying his best to spread Paradise Town for this competition. It was enough to see the ingenuity of this competition!

A college student would desperately recommend a game to all his relatives for the sake of the girl he loved. He was simply the most dutiful "promoter" in the world. Moreover, they were completely spontaneous. This kind of promotion was much more efficient than hard promotion.

Mark Zuckerberg's admiration for Li Mu was unparalleled at this moment. In his opinion, Li Mu was simply Bruce Lee who had the magical Hua Xia Kung Fu in the movies. He had used a competition to completely break through the complicated social strata of the United States. This person was not only strong beyond imagination in terms of products, but also abnormally strong in terms of operational thinking.

For a moment, Mark Zuckerberg was particularly eager to meet Li Mu, just to express to him the endless admiration he had for him in his heart.

Thinking of this, Mark Zuckerberg suddenly looked up at Dustin and asked him with burning eyes, "Dustin, if I invite Li Mu to give a speech at Harvard, do you think he will agree?"

…