Chapter 523

Hu Zhengdao had just returned from another city. This time, everyone in room 606 finally gathered in Li Mu's rented house.

This time, Hu Zhengdao also brought good news to everyone. The donor, who was a successful match for Yanan's mother, had arrived in Yanjing. It was arranged to be admitted to the hospital where Yanan's mother was staying and had begun to undergo preoperative examinations.

Hu Zhengdao was exhausted after being busy for so long. Now, he was finally relieved. He loved football so much that he wanted to get drunk with everyone tonight.

The six of them bought a lot of food and drinks and went to Yucheng Garden. They ate, drank, and had fun. They also watched a somewhat boring football match.

Germany and Ireland played 1: 1. Germany, who had been leading 1: 0, was reversed in the final stage by the second-rate striker, Robbie Keane, who played for Tottenham Hotspur. This was the first time that Kahn's goal was broken through in this World Cup. The second and third time would have to wait until the final match against Brazil.

After watching the match, Li Yawei was in a rather bad mood. The striker from Ireland that he did not even know had ruined his mood of celebrating victory. Xue Jianfeng was still in a miserable state, so the two of them drank a lot of beer in tacit understanding.

Li Mu talked a little more about Wang Yanan's mother with Hu Zhengdao. According to Hu Zhengdao, if everything went well, the surgery could be done in the second half of this month. Although Wang Yanan's mother's physical condition was not very good, it was better than when she was in the ICU. The doctor said that she could support the transplant.

Li Mu finally breathed a sigh of relief. If the surgery was successful, not only would it be a matter for Wang Yanan and her mother, but Hu Zhengdao would also be much more relaxed in the future. He had indeed put in too much effort during this period of time. Not to mention others, even a middle-aged man in his thirties like him admired him very much.

It was not until nearly half past ten that Li Yawei, who was a little slurred from drinking, stood up shakily and said to Li Mu, "Brother Mu, would you like to go back to the dormitory with us tonight?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I won't go back today. I have something to do when I get up early tomorrow."

"What's the matter? Isn't it your birthday tomorrow? Everyone said that we would celebrate it with you tonight. And sister-in-law, did you forget?"

Li Mu said, "I didn't forget. The restaurant has been booked. It's the Erhai Hall of Yunhai Restaurant. Come tomorrow at 7: 00."

Hu Zhengdao said, "Yanan can't come tomorrow. She has to stay in the hospital with her mother. She wants me to apologize to you and wish you a happy birthday in advance."

Li Yawei heard the words "Happy Birthday" in a daze. She suddenly said, "Oh, why don't we stay here and stay with Brother Mu for the New Year? His birthday will be at 12 o 'clock."

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Get out of here. I don't need you guys to stay up for the New Year with me. Besides, it's too high-profile to stay out all night in a dormitory."

Li Yawei smiled and said, "I'm just being polite to you. Look at how nervous you are. Tell me, is there a girl coming to stay up with you tonight?"

Li Mu shook his head. "No. I don't mind if you want to stay."

Li Yawei said, "Forget it. I won't disturb you. I'll go back to the dormitory with the others."

Li Mu sent the drunk people downstairs and watched them help each other across the bridge. Then he felt relieved and turned around to go home.

Although Li Mu was not very interested in celebrating his birthday, he couldn't help but sigh when he returned to the house in Yucheng Garden alone.

This was Li Mu's first birthday after his rebirth. After 12 o 'clock, he would be 20 years old. It was the best age of his life. But no one knew that inside this 20-year-old body, there was a soul in his 30s from the future.

Li Mu often felt lonely. It was not because no one accompanied him, but because no one could talk to him or understand him. At 20 years old, he had created such a career. Li Mu had achieved unprecedented achievements. But behind this achievement was a secret that could never be shared with anyone. Not even his parents who gave birth to him could share it. This secret was in Li Mu's heart. He was destined to guard it until the end of his life. This was not a good feeling. Over time, Li Mu was even worried that he would suffer from depression.

Last time when he had a long, drunken conversation with Chen Wan, Li Mu deliberately talked about his previous life. It was a form of Li Mu's confession. He told the truth in a way that others couldn't understand. Even if they understood, they wouldn't believe it. Although it was like scratching an itch through the boot, it was a starting point.

Li Mu predicted that when he was old, he would write an autobiography using his own words and logic. In it, he would use some secret method to reveal his true identity. After he was 100 years old, if someone could see through the mystery, the world would definitely have a heated discussion. Just like Wang Mang, who was suspected by the contemporary people to be a time-traveler. Maybe his identity would become an eternal mystery. In the end, it would be written into a novel or made into a movie. That would be quite interesting.

After drinking some wine alone, Li Mu stood on the balcony and looked down at the neon lights shining in Yan Jing City. His heart suddenly surged with pride. In the future, he must erect a landmark building that belonged to him in this city. He didn't dare to say that he would conquer it, but at least he wanted to leave a clear mark in this city to prove his existence to the world.

At 11 o 'clock, Papa Lee called Li Mu and said with a smile, "Son, you'll be 20 years old in a while. Do you have any feelings now?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't have any feelings. I just feel that I'm still very young."

Papa Lee said, "20 years old is the best age. You've only walked less than a quarter of your life. Your task now is to enjoy life. In a few years, you'll feel that these years are the best years of your life. Don't regret it when you think about it at that time."

Li Mu was very enlightened and said, "Thank you, Dad. I'll remember."

Papa Lee said happily, "This is the first time in your life that you didn't celebrate your birthday with Mom and Dad. Your Mom originally said that she wanted to go to Yan Jing to celebrate your birthday with you, but I stopped her."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why, Dad? It would be good if you and Mom came to Yan Jing together for a few days."

Papa Lee said, "You're already so big. I don't want to disturb your life too much."

Li Mu said, "It's mainly because I have too many things to do now. Otherwise, I would take advantage of my birthday to go home for a few days."

Papa Lee said, "It's not good for a boy to be too attached to home. You can keep it in your heart, but don't run home every two or three days …"

Before Papa Lee finished speaking, Li Mu heard his mother say unhappily, "Don't talk nonsense to your son. If your son doesn't come home often in the future, I won't forgive you!"

"Oh, honey, I didn't mean that …"

"Go away. Let me talk to my son for a while."

Li Ma grabbed the phone forcefully, and then her voice immediately became much gentler. She said with a smile, "My good son, happy birthday!"

Li Mu said with a silly smile, "Thank you, Mom!"

Li Ma asked him, "How are you going to celebrate your birthday?"

Li Mu said, "Tomorrow, I'll have dinner with a few friends in the dormitory. It's just a token of appreciation."

Li Ma asked curiously, "Just you and your roommates?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Just a few roommates."

"Oh."

Li Ma sighed and said, "Son, you're old enough to fall in love. Don't always hang out with your roommates every day. You should get to know more beautiful girls!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Mom, I have a girlfriend."

"Really?" Li Ma asked him in surprise, "Where is the girl?"

Li Mu said, "Do you remember once when you and Dad went to the bus station to send me to Jinling? At that time, there was a girl …"

Li Ma said excitedly, "Oh, oh, oh!

I remember. It's that girl surnamed Su, right?

At that time, her parents were also there. You said that you have a girlfriend. Is it her? "

Li Mu didn't hide it and said frankly, "Yes, it's her."

"Not bad, not bad!"

Li Ma smiled happily and said, "I liked that girl at first sight. She's beautiful, has a good temperament, and is generous. She's definitely a good girl. Her father seems to be the director of the Public Security Bureau in Haizhou, right?"

"Yes."

Li Ma said with a smile, "My son is really capable!

He can even chase the daughter of the director of the Public Security Bureau. It's not easy! "

At this time, Papa Lee asked, "Really?

Is it really that girl surnamed Su? "

Li Ma said, "Xiaomu said it's her!"

"Hey!"

Papa Lee said with a smile, "Good son. That girl is definitely one in a million. You have to seize her!"

Li Ma interrupted, "When will you take her home for dinner?

Li Mu said with a smile, "Let's talk about it later. She's still young. Aren't you afraid that the neighbors will gossip if you take her home for dinner?"

Li Ma said, "Whoever wants to say it can say it. With such a good future daughter-in-law, others can't be more envious than they are."

Papa Lee said, "You have to think about the girl's situation. She came to our house so early. Will she feel embarrassed?"

Li Ma said with a smile, "I just said it casually. It doesn't matter if you don't take her home first. Xiaomu, you know you have to seize it."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, mom. I know what I'm doing."

Li Ma said, "I know you know. It's getting late. You should rest early. You have to go to school tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "Then you and dad should also rest early."

"Okay. Happy birthday to my good son again!"

After Li Ma hung up, Li Mu sighed in his heart. In this life, his parents were much more cheerful than in his previous life. Their attitude towards life now was countless times more optimistic than at this time in his previous life. This time in his previous life was the most difficult period for them, but this time in this life was the most relaxing and fulfilling moment for them in the past 40 or 50 years.

While he was sighing, his cell phone rang again. This time, it was Zhao Ziqiu who called.

Li Mu answered the phone and heard Zhao Ziqiu ask him, "Li Mu, where are you?"

"In Yucheng Garden. What's wrong?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I just passed by your building. Do you want to come down and meet me?"

Li Mu had been thinking about her, but he didn't expect that she would pass by his building at this time. He blurted out, "Why don't you come up? There isn't even a place to sit down."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I won't go up. It's not appropriate for me to go to your house on the night of the National People's Congress."

Li Mu didn't know why she suddenly became so reserved in front of him. She suddenly made it clear, which made him feel a little disappointed.

Feeling disappointed, Li Mu could only say, "Then wait for me. I'll come down now."