Chapter 567

Zhao Xianliang was confused by Xie Yun's words.

He had just said that he wanted to retire after his daughter graduated from university, but he did not understand why his wife suddenly said that he would not retire until he was 80 years old.

Just as he was about to ask her, Xie Yun asked, "Did you get someone to investigate Li Mu?"

Zhao Xianliang nodded and snorted. "He cheated my precious daughter away. How could I not investigate him?

Not only will I investigate him, but I will also investigate his family for three generations … "

Xie Yun interrupted him before he could finish. She pointed at the documents on the table and said, "Don't talk first. Take a look at these faxes."

Zhao Xianliang pursed his lips, crossed his legs, and picked up the small stack of documents. When he saw the first one, he could not help but sit up straight. Well, the first A4 paper was full of Li Mu's personal information. The year, month, and day, which city, which hospital he was born in, what his parents did, where he was born, and his education level were all written clearly. When he saw that Li Mu's parents had both graduated from high school and were both coal miners, Zhao Xianliang felt suffocated.

It was not that Zhao Xianliang looked down on coal miners, but the other party's family situation and cultural heritage seemed to be too different from his own family. He was also a university student, and later went on to study for an MBA in the country. His wife's family was a serious scholarly family. The whole family was full of high-level intellectuals. There were several professors from Zhejiang University, and there were also people who had returned from overseas and were big shots like the academicians of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. When the two families were compared, how could they be from the same world?

Looking further down, Li Mu had been mediocre all the way until he graduated from high school. The education system's files showed that he had always been more disciplined in school. His grades were above average, and he had never been punished by the school. He looked like most students who followed the rules. Getting into the National People's Congress was an extraordinary feat. Usually, he would only be able to pass the mock exams in English. However, he scored full marks in English in the college entrance examination, which was why he was able to get into the National People's Congress.

Zhao Xianliang finished reading the first page and sighed deeply. He raised his head to look at Xie Yun and said, "Look at this, look at this family composition, this family heritage, how far apart is it from ours?

Even if it wasn't 108,000 miles, it was still 54,000 miles!

Let's not talk about me. With Li Mu's situation, how could my father-in-law agree to it?

He dotes on Ziqiu even more than I do. Finding her such a grandson-in-law, wouldn't he be so angry? "

Xie Yun pursed her lips and said, "Don't blindly think about my dad's attitude here. My dad really dotes on Ziqiu from the bottom of his heart. Ever since she was young, he would buy whatever Ziqiu liked and support her in whatever she wanted to do. Before Ziqiu went to university, he told me that I must ensure that Ziqiu has the freedom to fall in love in the future. He can't bear to see his granddaughter become a victim of a marriage of benefits."

Zhao Xianliang felt that Xie Yun was now inexplicably and obviously siding with Li Mu. He couldn't help but say, "Then show this information to my father-in-law and see what he has to say."

Xie Yun smiled mysteriously and said, "If my dad sees this information, he'll definitely be grinning from ear to ear."

Zhao Xianliang said angrily, "If your dad sees this situation and can't close his mouth from ear to ear, I'll twist my head off and let you kick it like a ball!"

Xie Yun said, "Don't be so full of yourself. Even though it's just the two of us right now and there's no one else, I don't want you to embarrass yourself later."

"What's there to be embarrassed about?"

Zhao Xianliang was a little annoyed and said resentfully, "That's why I said that your willpower isn't strong at all. In the beginning, you kept saying that Xu Jiahui was a rare and good young man. How did you end up siding with Li Mu to this extent in the blink of an eye?"

Xie Yun said, "Continue reading and speak after you're done."

Zhao Xianliang snorted and said, "What's there to look at? I think the content below is definitely about that 3321. Isn't that the only thing this kid can bring out?"

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang flipped to the next page. As expected, this page was a detailed introduction about 3321. However, Zhao Xianliang already had a very good understanding of 3321. He admitted that 3321 was indeed very powerful. Now that it had cooperated with universities all over the country, it was practically blossoming everywhere. But so what?

Could it solve the huge disparity between the two families in all aspects?

When Zhao Xianliang saw this, he raised his head and said to Xie Yun, "I know that people from your education system all think highly of this 3321. But to be honest, this model is very powerful and very effective, but what's the point?

Can it make money?

Li Mu, this kid, is fishing for fame at such a young age. Could it be that he wants to rely on this website to have a career in the future? "

Xie Yun said, "Li Mu isn't planning to use 3321 to make money at all. Moreover, I don't think he's interested in this small amount of money at all."

Zhao Xianliang laughed out loud and said, "You really think highly of him. He's not interested in the money of 3321?

Right now, he can only make some money through Alipay, right?

I've found someone to estimate that Alipay's annual income is only a few million, not even ten million. "

Xie Yun saw that Zhao Xianliang was full of displeasure towards Li Mu, so she waved her hand and said, "I'm almost annoyed to death by your childish targeting and dissatisfaction. Finish reading first before you speak."

Zhao Xianliang curled his lips and snorted disdainfully. "What's there to look at? I don't even need to think to know that the latter part must be about that Alipay."

Continuing to read, what made Zhao Xianliang interesting was that the second half of this page was about some of the current activities of 3321. There was actually no introduction about Alipay. Didn't Li Mu rely on Alipay to earn money?

It was also the companion of 3321. As Li Mu's only source of income, why wasn't it listed together with 3321 in the information?

If it wasn't on this page, then it must be on the next page.

Thinking of this, Zhao Xianliang's fingertips twirled the paper and slowly turned the page. This time, the first paragraph made him unconsciously frown.

This information was clearly arranged according to the order of all the companies Li Mu had registered with the industrial and commercial bureau. Therefore, the first company related to Li Mu was Easy Listening Technology.

Li Mu's earliest business was the shady Stoneware Overlord. Later, he used a simple plan to continuously increase his popularity to set up the Easy Listening website and set up Easy Listening Technology. This was the real beginning of Li Mu's business.

When Zhao Xianliang saw the relevant information about Easy Listening Technology, he suddenly realized that Li Mu was actually not as simple as he thought or saw. He had industries that he didn't know about. He wasn't very clear about what Easy Listening Technology did or how much it was worth, but at least this proved that besides 3321 and Alipay, Li Mu had other industries.

Looking further, the next company name was like a sudden clap of thunder. It made Zhao Xianliang's mouth instantly open and he was stunned!

Makino Technology!

Oh my god!

Makino Technology was actually founded by Li Mu!

Moreover, even after two rounds of financing, he was still the absolute major shareholder!

Recently, whether it was people in the Internet industry, people in the real economy, or even ordinary people who didn't do any business, as long as they had normal channels to obtain news, it was impossible for them not to know about Makino Technology.

This might be Hua Xia's current largest Internet company, but because Makino Technology completely refused financing, no one could give it an accurate valuation.

The valuation of Makino Technology in the capital market was at least more than seven billion yuan, and this was only a conservative estimate.

Makino Technology had made a series of bold moves recently, and it didn't open up capital cooperation at all. No one knew what price Makino Technology would accept, so the valuation in the capital market was not accurate. Makino Technology's last financing valuation was eight hundred million yuan. If the next financing didn't happen, no one could say how much it was worth. It was not wrong to say that it was still worth eight hundred million yuan. If it was worth eight billion yuan, people might not be willing to finance at this price. Maybe someone was willing to give Makino Technology a valuation of more than ten billion yuan. After all, for a hot company like Makino Technology, its valuation premium would definitely be very high.

All in all, back to the conservative price given by the whole industry, Makino Technology was worth at least seven billion yuan.

The most amazing thing was that Makino Technology had only had two rounds of financing since its establishment. The first round was led by Baidu, and it was valued at fifty million yuan. A few months later, Mingcheng Capital led the investment, and it was valued at eight hundred million yuan. Zhao Xianliang knew Mingcheng Capital very well. It was Hui Ka Ming's company.

At this time, Zhao Xianliang suddenly realized something. Some time ago, he heard that Hui Ka Ming had invested in a very powerful company, and the company's profits had increased by eight or nine times in just over half a year. Zhao Xianliang only heard that he had invested in an Internet company, but he didn't know much about the Internet, so he didn't know much about it. Now he knew that he had invested in Makino Technology. What shocked him the most was that Makino Technology turned out to be Li Mu's company!

Li Mu only sold a small proportion of the shares in the two rounds of investment. Before the B round of financing, he also tricked Baidu to withdraw the 10% of the shares that Baidu had previously occupied. Now, Li Mu was still the absolute major shareholder of Makino Technology, and the shares under his name were nearly more than 75%. Roughly, Li Mu's net worth had exceeded five billion yuan.

Zhao Xianliang felt that the world view that he had accumulated for decades collapsed at this moment!

At this moment, his brain also collapsed together with his world view. The blood supply to his brain was a little insufficient at this moment, so his vision was a little black, and his head was a little dizzy. He almost fainted with this force.

There was no doubt that Li Mu's information had completely shocked him. Whether he was dumbfounded or tongue-tied, such words were not enough to describe his feelings at this moment. It was precisely because he had looked down on Li Mu before that when Li Mu revealed the huge figure hidden under the iceberg, it had such a huge impact on him.

Before this, Zhao Xianliang thought that the only highlight of Li Mu was the 3321. This surprised him, but it was not enough to shock him, let alone intimidate him. It was like a normal person looking at an ant. When he saw an ant lifting an object several times larger than himself, even a powerful person like Zhao Xianliang, who could lift a thousand kilograms, would feel surprised. He was surprised by the strength that the tiny ant burst out, which was completely not equal to his body size. But even so, his arrogant heart would never be shocked by an ant, because an ant was an ant after all, insignificant to him, and even looked down on him.

However, for the current Zhao Xianliang, if he could lift a thousand kilograms, then Li Mu, who was only an ant in his eyes, could at least lift a few hundred kilograms. This was simply incredible!

Anyone would be scared to the point of having insufficient blood supply to their brain, but this was the truth. How could he accept it for a while?

It made him doubt himself, doubt life, and doubt the world!

Xie Yun saw that Zhao Xianliang looked exhausted, so she sat down beside him and asked, "What's wrong?

Are you scared? "

Zhao Xianliang held the documents in one hand and pinched the bridge of his nose with the other. His hand holding the documents couldn't help but tremble slightly. He let out a long sigh and didn't speak for a long time.

It wasn't that he didn't want to say it, but his mind was too messed up. He had to accept that what he saw was the truth before he could answer Xie Yun's question. But this was the most difficult thing for him right now. He couldn't believe that what was happening in front of him was real.

Xie Yun couldn't help but urge him again. She asked, "Old Zhao, say something."

Zhao Xianliang swallowed hard and said, "Aiya, what do you want me to say? This is not scientific at all!

I must be dreaming!

This is probably the worst nightmare I've ever had in my life … "After saying that, he raised his head weakly to look at Xie Yun and said," Honey, I must be dreaming, right?

This is too unimaginable, hurry up and wake me up … "

Xie Yun couldn't help but shake her head and smile bitterly. She asked him, "You asked someone to investigate Li Mu, and now the results are in black and white in front of you. How is it not scientific?

In my impression, you're not someone who deceives yourself like this. Why are you deceiving yourself now?

Don't you know whether you're dreaming or not? "

"I know …" Zhao Xianliang snorted and closed his eyes. His body had already softly slid down, just like Ge You's famous Yanjing paralysis. After a while, he sighed helplessly and said, "A company that has been established for less than a year and is valued at billions of yuan. In a special field, I believe it. But this Li Mu is only 20 years old. He doesn't have any family background, connections, or foundation. When he started his business, he didn't even go to university. Do you think this is normal?"

Xie Yun smiled and said, "Anything a genius does seems a little abnormal in the eyes of ordinary people."

Zhao Xianliang asked her in return, "Do you think this kid is a genius?"

Xie Yun said, "He started from scratch at the age of 20 and has such a high net worth in a year. If he isn't a genius, then what is he?"

Zhao Xianliang was speechless. After a while, he sighed with a helpless face and said, "But this is really too shocking. How can he have this ability?"

Xie Yun looked at the information in his hand and kindly reminded him, "You've just finished reading the third page. There's still a lot to go. Keep reading."