Chapter 141

Li Mu finally finalized the details of the contract with Baidu.

Baidu accepted all of Li Mu's conditions, including Li Mu's request to buy Douban for 500,000 yuan after the funds were in place.

Tan Yaocheng felt that Li Mu's acquisition of Douban was actually a disguised form of pulling in shareholders to get Baidu's investment. But when Li Mu told him that Douban was the key to Simple Plan's nationwide popularity, Tan Yaocheng agreed without hesitation.

He had always been curious about the person behind Simple Plan, and now he knew that it was Li Mu and Douban. No wonder their Easy Listening website could get the songs from Simple Plan. It turned out that they had such a strong online marketing ability. The 500,000 yuan was worth it. Besides, even if it wasn't worth it, he had no reason to interfere.

To make Baidu make so many compromises, Li Mu also promised to let Baidu lead the investment in Series B. It could be considered as a comfort to Tan Yaocheng.

The remaining problems were very simple. Before signing the contract, Li Mu first had to register the company, then sign a contract with Baidu in a business-to-business manner, and then sign a contract with Song Liang in a business-to-private manner.

Baidu promised that the 5 million yuan of Series A would be fully transferred to the account within three days after the contract was signed, and the 20% that Li Mu wanted to cash out would also be paid by Baidu after tax.

The tax of 1 million yuan was 200,000 yuan, and there was still 800,000 yuan left. Song Liang's 2.5 million yuan was the same process. Li Mu had to pay 100,000 yuan of tax for the 500,000 yuan, so there would be 1.2 million yuan in total.

1.2 million yuan was not a large amount, but it was enough for Li Mu to invest 3,321 yuan and support it until the legendary plug-in made money.

Right now, the most important thing was to register the company.

Li Mu had previously considered registering the company in Jinling, but as the business of Easy Listening and Tieba continued to improve, he also realized that the biggest problem in Jinling was the lack of talent. Therefore, Li Mu also talked to Kong Lingyu about whether to bring the team to Yanjing.

After all, this was the center of the Internet industry in China, where a large number of relevant talents were gathered. Moreover, the local government, especially the district government where Zhongguancun was located, had always been subsidizing and giving preferential treatment to Internet companies. Therefore, registering the company in Yanjing might be the best choice.

Li Mu called Kong Lingyu and told him that Series A was basically settled. At the same time, he found a scalper company to register a company in Zhongguancun. He was going to register a technology company specializing in the Internet.

As for the name of the company, Li Mu remembered that it was originally called Mu Zi, but he thought that this name was already quite famous among the music lovers, and "When You Are Old" was broadcast by Hua Xia on CCTV and became popular all over the country. If he continued to use this name, he was afraid that it would cause unnecessary trouble, so he simply registered the company in Yanjing Makino Technology Co., Ltd.

With a phone call, Li Mu summoned Kong Lingyu from Jinling to Yan Jing. He spared two days of free time and found a cost-effective workplace in Zhongguancun with him. It was 180 square meters, 50 yuan per square meter per month, which was only 9,000 yuan a month. But with such an area, it was enough for 30 people to work.

Li Mu paid three months' rent out of his own pocket, and then used the address here to ask the scalper to help register the company. The reason why he only paid three months' rent was that after the company was successfully registered, these things could be paid directly from the company's account.

After becoming a company, the problem that Li Mu had to consider was the construction of the management, but he had been a hands-off boss all the time. Most of the company's affairs were in charge of Kong Lingyu, and the finance was also entrusted to Ye Tianming's father's company's finance management. Therefore, seeing that he was about to become a regular army from a guerrilla, Li Mu began to worry about the management.

Li Mu wanted Kong Lingyu to be the general manager of the company. After all, it was an Internet company, and the biggest business was technology, product, and operation. With his help, Kong Lingyu could be competent in technology and product, and the rest of the operation needed someone who really understood the market.

Because of the importance of market operation, Li Mu didn't want a simple marketing director, but a vice president who was responsible for market operation.

However, Li Mu didn't have a suitable candidate in mind.

In addition, in addition to the company's main business, the supporting part also needed reliable people, such as finance and human resources.

But after Li Mu thought about it, he sadly realized that he only knew a group of college students in their twenties in this city.

Suddenly, Li Mu thought of a person.

Senior Sister Ai.

Chen Wan's good sister, Dong Ai.

Dong Ai was a senior this year, and she was a top student who had been recommended for postgraduate studies in the School of Economics. Although she was unlikely to come to help him, she had been in the National People's Congress for so many years, and she was also one of the bosses of the Student Union. Her network must be very wide. It would be great if she could introduce him to a senior who had already graduated and worked.

The School of Economics of the National People's Congress still cultivated many top students, and some of them were very powerful in the future, such as Liu Qiangdong, the founder of Jingdong.

After deciding to ask Dong Ai for help, Li Mu gave Dong Ai a call and kindly asked her when she was free. He wanted to treat her to a meal.

Ever since Dong Ai took the initiative to treat Li Mu to a meal last time, she didn't look for him again. The reason was very simple, she wasn't very happy.

Last time, she ran over to give a favor, but Li Mu used his refraction skill and gave the favor to someone else. This made Dong Ai feel uncomfortable.

However, after all, he was the young man that Chen Wan had a crush on. Although Dong Ai wasn't very happy, she wasn't really angry. When she received Li Mu's call this time, although she was a little surprised, her tone was still relatively friendly.

Li Mu didn't explain his intention over the phone. Instead, he said that he wanted to treat Dong Ai to a meal. Looking at the schedule, Dong Ai decided to meet that night.

In order to show his sincerity, Li Mu chose a relatively high-end western restaurant. He didn't invite anyone else, just himself and Dong Ai.

Dong Ai arrived on time. Before she arrived, she was surprised that the restaurant that Li Mu chose was a little too expensive. The average spending of 500 to 600 yuan per person was almost unimaginable for most university students. In order to not let Li Mu spend too much money, she also specially called Chen Wan to ask about Li Mu's situation.

Chen Wan's words dispelled Dong Ai's worries, because she said that Li Mu was a godly person who could casually earn hundreds of thousands during the summer and then open a specialty store for his parents at home.

Dong Ai was convinced. Although she was quite famous in the National People's Congress and was recognized as a straight-A student, when it came to making money, her ability was in the negatives.

Many members of the Student Union would find all kinds of opportunities to make money. Some people would go out to get sponsors, and they might be able to earn hundreds or thousands of yuan.

Some people would also sell all kinds of daily necessities to the freshmen. For example, when entering the school, some people would secretly sell the freshmen's bedding. Although it was dozens of yuan cheaper than the school's, it was still a very considerable profit. There was also a phone card. This thing was a consumable, and there was a big discount if you bought it in bulk.

Those who were more intelligent would often go out to discuss cooperation with all kinds of merchants outside and sell all kinds of goods in the school. The best was selling computers to the freshmen. It was said that one computer could earn a few hundred yuan.

However, Dong Ai did not do any of these things. It was not that she did not want to do it, but she could not bring herself to do it. She often laughed at herself. Although she majored in economics, she was indeed not a person suitable for in-depth development in this field. She also knew herself well. She felt that for a thin-skinned person like her, the best place to go was to study in the school and use her strong campus connections to stay in the school to teach.

After seeing Li Mu, Dong Ai began to re-evaluate this little boy. Even a great beauty like Chen Wan, who had an excellent family background, could be seduced by him. How capable was this boy that she did not know?

Li Mu attentively asked Dong Ai to order. Dong Ai flipped through the menu and glanced at it. The prices on it were even more expensive than the last time she came. The last time she came, it was her boyfriend who treated her. He had also saved up for half a semester before he brought her here to splurge. In the end, the two of them ordered the cheapest steak, salad, and other dishes. The meal still cost more than six hundred yuan. It was really a scam.

This time, Dong Ai was still very reserved when she ordered. She still chose the cheapest steak, which was the most important. Li Mu glanced at his own menu and directly changed it to a steak imported from France. Just a steak alone cost 588 yuan.

If it was Li Mu who came here to eat, he would also be reluctant to order such an expensive steak. However, no matter what, Dong Ai was Chen Wan's good sister. She was also a senior sister. He was looking for her help, so he still had to show his sincerity.

Dong Ai wanted to refuse, but Li Mu did not give her a chance. In Dong Ai's eyes, this young and handsome boy could be so chauvinistic. However, at this time, his chauvinism would make women feel full of admiration.

As for the salad, soup, and dessert, Li Mu made the decision for Dong Ai. Because when Dong Ai saw the price of those things and thought that Li Mu had already ordered a 588 yuan steak for her, she really did not want to order anything else.

When Li Mu ordered the dishes, Dong Ai quietly calculated the price in her heart. When Li Mu finally told the waiter that he had finished ordering, Dong Ai calculated that the dishes and red wine for the two of them cost about 2,500 yuan in total. Although Dong Ai's family was not bad, it was far from such a luxurious life.

Dong Ai asked Li Mu, "If you want to eat, then eat. Why did you ask to eat here? The food here is so expensive, and I don't think it's very delicious."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Eating in this kind of place is mostly for the environment and the feeling. Besides, Senior Sister Ai, you are my Sister Wan's good sister. As her younger brother, it is the first time I treat you to a meal, so I must do a good job."

Dong Ai said, "No wonder Xiaowan told me to order boldly, saying that you are not short of money."

Li Mu asked, "Have you contacted Sister Wan?"

Dong Ai nodded. "You asked me to eat here, but I have to ask Xiaowan first. If she finds out later, she will think that I bullied you and get even with me. What should I do?"

Li Mu smiled and asked, "What did my Sister Wan say?"

Dong Ai said with a smile, "She said that you are a tycoon, a genius who can make money by using your brain. She asked me to take advantage of you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "She is really my good sister."

Dong Ai smiled and chatted with Li Mu for a while. The dishes were served one after another, and the two of them ate slowly. It was not until they were almost finished that Dong Ai looked at Li Mu and said, "Tell me, is there anything else you want me to help you with?"

Li Mu was still thinking about how to ask before. After all, he did not want others to know that he was operating Easy Hearing and Tieba. Once the A series of financing was successful, the company's valuation of tens of millions of yuan might cause his peers to be resistant to him. It was not a good thing to stand out.