Chapter 1646

Li Ziwei did not understand why Li Mu had such high expectations for this matter.

In her opinion, the naming rights of Li Gouzi's dog food and the twelve Weibo posts could get Mars to offer a price of 12 million US dollars. This in itself was already somewhat unbelievable, but Li Mu felt that it was not enough.

Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "Mars took the initiative to offer a price of 12 million US dollars, which makes me think that the bottom price in their mind must be more than 20 million US dollars."

Li Mu downplayed the 20 million US dollars. In Li Ziwei's opinion, 20 million US dollars was like 2000 US dollars in Li Mu's eyes.

Li Ziwei was very smart. She could understand many of the decisions and deployments made by Li Mu, but on this issue, she did not understand Li Mu's confidence.

Li Mu had personally experienced the heyday of the domestic Internet and witnessed the rise of Baidu, Ali, and Tencent. Then, Baidu gradually fell behind, and Tencent and Ali both stood on the mountain of 400 billion US dollars.

Although he was just a spectator, his perspective was different from ordinary people. He had more than ten years of experience in the Internet industry, and he could use a professional perspective to see the inner essence of the entire network.

It was because Li Mu understood the actions of Tencent and Ali in the era of 400 billion US dollars that he dared to be sure that for a company like Mars, which was one of the world's top 500 companies, 12 million US dollars was far from their limit.

Li Mu saw that Li Ziwei still seemed to have doubts, so he smiled slightly and said, "When facing a company like Mars, you can't use the mentality of an ordinary business owner to think of them. They are not ordinary business owners, they are oligarchs."

As he said that, Li Mu became serious and said, "Do you know what an oligarchic economy in a free market often represents?"

Li Ziwei shook her head gently and said, "I seem to have a rough idea in my mind, but I'm not sure …"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "An oligarchic economy in a free market generally represents extreme strategic conservatism and extreme tactical radicalism."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu saw that Li Ziwei still did not quite understand, so he smiled and said, "The so-called extreme strategic conservatism is to take very few risks on a large scale and seek stability in everything. For example, we will only do derivatives on the basis of our main business that we have already developed, but we will never rush into a completely unrelated new industry, let alone shift the focus of our strategy towards it. We started with the Internet, and in the next ten years or even decades, our core development will not leave the soil of the Internet. This is extreme strategic conservatism."

"For example, when we are fighting with all our competitors, we have to do whatever it takes, even if it is just a local war. For example, if we are doing Weibo now, and if other companies also make a similar product and threaten us, I will give up the profits of Weibo for the next three years, and even invest a large amount of money to suffer losses for three years to fight the other party to the end, so that our Weibo will not be affected or even surpassed by our peers. We will try our best to ensure that we are the only one in the market. Even if we can't ensure that we are the only one in the market, we have to be the largest and occupy more than half of the entire industry. This is extreme tactical conservatism."

"Oligarchs are extremely conservative in terms of strategy to stabilize the overall situation; while they are extremely aggressive in terms of tactics to consolidate the overall situation. So, look at Mars. As a giant in the industry, they must be extremely aggressive in such tactics to reduce external threats to themselves. Most of the time, such oligarchs are not in the state of 'what do I want to do', but in the state of 'what can't I let you do'."

"For example, when ordinary companies consider our auction this time, they will only consider whether these resources are worth five million USD, and whether they can earn it back if they buy it. However, what Mars has to consider is, if such resources are not snatched by themselves, what if their competitors get them?

If their competitors get their hands on it, it will affect their status and market share. To them, they can accept spending money, but they cannot accept taking risks. So, even if the resources are only worth five million USD, or even less, to prevent their competitors from getting their hands on it, they are willing to throw in twenty million USD! "

"Exchanging all kinds of resources for money is the logic of ordinary business owners. Exchanging a large amount of money for status is the way oligarchs think."

In the future, the competition between Tencent and Ali was so intense, especially in the emerging fields that both companies were not good at and did not have any historical advantage. Both sides were even more desperate to compete with each other to the end. For example, in the fields of taxi-hailing, take-out, mobile payments, etc., the scale of the competition between the two companies was in the billions. This was what the real oligarchs wanted to do.

When an oligarch heard that his competitor wanted to invest fifty million USD to do something, he was willing to invest eighty million USD to go against him. When he heard that his competitor wanted to invest fifty million USD to do something, he was willing to throw in a hundred million USD. It was not to fight with him for the market, but to prevent him from doing it.

From Li Mu's point of view, Mars' motive for wanting to buy out the resources for twelve million USD was like this. They wanted to get their hands on the resources directly from the source and completely eliminate all opportunities for their competitors to get their hands on these resources.

Therefore, Li Mu did not care about the twelve million USD. He wanted to pull Mars and his competitors into the arena that he built and let them fight each other. The final number of fights would definitely far exceed this amount.

Li Ziwei thought for a moment and finally understood what Li Mu was talking about. It was the huge difference between oligarchs and ordinary business owners. She nodded with a face of enlightenment and said, "Li Zong, I understand what you mean. It's just like the great Long March of the Red Army in the past. Transferring as many troops as possible to the Shaanxi-Gansu Soviet Area was a strategy that could not be shaken during the Long March. At this level, we must prioritize stability. As for climbing the snowy mountains, crossing the grasslands, crossing the Jinsha River, crossing the Dadu River, and seizing the Luding Bridge, these bold and risky tactics are actually to stabilize the strategic goal as much as possible."

Li Mu nodded and agreed, "Your analogy is very good. This is strategic conservatism and tactical radicalism. Radical tactics are actually precisely to make the strategic goal more stable."

After that, Li Mu said again, "Therefore, to apply it to Mars, its strategic goal is to maintain its leading edge in the industry. Therefore, in order to ensure that this strategic goal is not affected, not to mention twelve million USD, they will grit their teeth and do it even if it is doubled."

…

Li Mu came to the recording studio of Rolling Stone and communicated with the musicians of Rolling Stone about the arrangement of the entire song "21 Guns." Although Li Mu had magically changed the original lyrics of the song, he did not make too many adjustments in the arrangement. This was because the arrangement of the original song had already made Li Mu feel that it was very perfect.

Most war movie soundtracks liked to use the majestic arrangement of symphonies or orchestras. However, Li Mu felt that occasionally changing the method would have unexpected good results. "21 Guns" started off with only the accompaniment of the electric guitar. After the first part of the main song ended, when the second part of the main song began, the guitar, bass, and drums were played at the same time to match the harmony. The melodious and solemn feeling of the whole song was vividly and vividly highlighted.

Working with high-end musicians was a very pleasant thing for Li Mu. He was like a product manager who knew a little bit about technology and found a strong technical team. Then, he would describe his product requirements, and these technical experts would be able to present the entire product in the best and most satisfactory way in the shortest time.

After more than two hours of rehearsal in the evening, the musician team had sorted out the song quite well. Li Mu decided to consolidate it tomorrow night and make some subtle optimizations. The day after tomorrow, he would let Du Wei directly into the studio to record. Du Wei was also a very professional singer, so if it went well, the song could be recorded in a day. Then, he would leave at most one or two days for the post-production, and the single would be completely done.

When he came out of the recording studio, it was almost 8: 50. When Li Mu got in the car, Li Ziwei reported to him, "Li Zong, the auction will start in ten minutes. The website and the backstage have passed the final test. There are no problems found."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Inform the website and Weibo to prepare for real-time reports. Once the auction starts, follow-up reports must be timely and as much as possible to attract the attention of all users on the Internet."

Li Ziwei said, "Don't worry about this. The website and Weibo teams are already on standby."

Li Mu said again, "Is the public relations department ready?

Keep all the cooperating media informed of the progress of our auction. "

"Ready."

Li Ziwei said, "Our public relations department will publish our progress in real time through the data capture interface of our cooperating media. They are also very concerned about this matter. After all, it is the first time in history."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "Since everything is ready, let's wait for the final result of the auction with peace of mind."

Li Ziwei looked at Li Mu with a hesitant expression. It seemed that she wanted to say something, but she hesitated again and again and did not say it.

Li Mu saw her state and asked her, "What do you want to say?

Just say it. Don't worry. "

Li Ziwei pursed her lips and gently nodded. She hesitated for a few seconds before she said, "I do have a concern. If our auction attracts too much attention and the transaction price is too high, will it give the outside world the impression that we're greedy?

After all, Gouzi's Weibo has only been open for a day. If we immediately start to auction advertising resources, it may affect our image in the eyes of users. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Ziwei, you are becoming more and more comprehensive now. It is very good that you can also consider this problem."

Li Ziwei looked at Li Mu in surprise and asked, "Li Zong, have you considered this problem?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, I have."

"Then …" Li Ziwei asked with a puzzled expression, "Then why do you still do this?"