Chapter 1813

In the end, with the overall strength of the movie, Li Mu's marketing resources, and the three classic English songs, "Flying Tigers" created a series of box office miracles. With a global box office gross of 3.231 billion US dollars, it became the new king of box office records.

This movie created a terrifying record of more than 400 million people watching it. There were many people who watched it twice or thrice.

This was a huge improvement for Hua Xia's movie. Although most of the main creative team was from Hollywood, because it was a Chinese film, Hua Xia's history, and Hua Xia's company, it was still classified as Hua Xia's movie.

This was also the first time that a Hua Xia's movie was successfully exported to the world, and it was the peak of its debut.

Li Mu also fulfilled his promise to the world. After the movie stopped screening, he immediately released "Rollingthe" on Yytunes.

It was available for free download to users all over the world, and music stations all over the world were authorized to play it for free.

Therefore, this song effortlessly reached the top of almost all the music charts in the world.

Now, on most of the music charts in the world, the number one song was "Rollingthe".

In second place was "Set the Fire".

firethe

rain

In third place was "21".

The third song on the list was "21."

Guns.

This was also the peak of Chinese singers' achievements in the world.

At the same time, these three songs were in the top 10, 5, and 3, which was simply heaven-defying.

After the movie finished screening, among the five main leads, Du Wei, who had the least talent, became the most popular one with these three songs.

As for Tom Hanks and Leonardo, there was no need to mention them. They were already top-notch actors.

As for Anne Hathaway, because she played a sad and touching female nurse, she gained a lot of goodwill and rose to the top of the A-list.

Liu Ye, who was previously unknown, also became an instant hit in Asia.

On the day that the movie finished screening, Li Mu held a thank you conference. Other than thanking everyone for their support, he also answered a question that the reporters were very concerned about, "How did you write these three excellent music pieces?"

Li Mu's answer was, "It's a gift."

Other than these four words, he didn't have any good explanation.

Then, in the audience appreciation meeting, he said to the global audience, "Today, I would like to take this opportunity to announce something to everyone."

Then, Li Mu added, "This has nothing to do with the movie itself. It's just a small decision of mine."

All the reporters were eagerly anticipating his next words. Li Mu said, "I have reached a preliminary consensus with the CEO of Tesla, Elon Musk, to work together for the great goal of human migration to Mars!"

As soon as these words came out, the crowd burst into an uproar!

Move to Mars?!

Wasn't this a little too out of the ordinary?

Everyone imagined what Li Mu might say, but all of their imaginations were on Earth.

They didn't expect Li Mu to directly throw out an answer, which was Mars, which was tens of millions of kilometers away.

Just as the scene exploded, Li Mu smiled and explained, "Actually, I believe that everyone should have certain fantasies and desires about space. I also believe that when everyone was young, they also looked up at the sky full of stars, looked at the spectacular Milky Way, and thought about problems and fantasies about the universe, about moving to other planets, and about extraterrestrial life.

"I think that as an entrepreneur, we can't just focus on making money. Sometimes, we have to take on some higher responsibilities and obligations for the future of mankind. Exploring other planets is the consensus that Elon Musk and I have reached."

The reporters went crazy.

The richest man in the world suddenly said that he wanted to move to Mars. This could be said to be another explosive piece of news after the Flying Tigers!

Therefore, the reporters asked questions one after another. Someone asked, "Li Zong, how long are you going to take to realize this wish?"

Li Mu said, "First of all, let me make a correction. This is not a wish, this is a plan, a plan that is ready to be implemented. Also, to answer your question, I hope that we can send humans safely to Mars before 2020."

Another person asked, "Li Zong, sending humans to Mars and moving to Mars should be two different concepts, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Two concepts and two stages. First, we have to achieve landing on Mars and safe return. Then, we can move to Mars."

Another reporter raised his hand. "Li Zong, even NASA doesn't dare to start this project. How much are you and Elon Musk going to invest to start this project?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am personally willing to invest 10 billion US dollars or more in this project for at least the next 2-30 years."

Then, Li Mu said, "Of course, I also hope that the world's richest people can be willing to participate in this project. We are now ready to recruit partners from all over the world. At the same time, we are also recruiting future space travelers and even space funeral users."

The reporter asked, "Li Zong, can you tell us more about it?"

"Of course."

Li Mu smiled and said, "First of all, 10 billion US dollars of investment. This is just my personal investment. At the same time, I also have two joint projects with Elon Musk, one is Tesla, and the other is SpaceX. In the future, all the net profits of these two companies will be used for space exploration projects.

"As for the space passenger project, in the future, we will provide: orbit around the Earth, space station, moon, Mars, and many other space tourism projects. This project is intended to recruit rich people who want to experience space exploration in their lifetime.

"As for the space funeral, it is our ultimate solution for the placement of the ashes after the death of humans. That is to put them in a high-strength alloy container and launch them into space. Maybe when humans die in the future, the ashes will still be wandering in space. Don't you think this is a very romantic thing?"

Someone asked him, "Li Zong, can you tell us why you have such an idea?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "People always need a motivation to move forward. If my motivation was only to make money, then I might put all my energy and cost into projects that can make money. But what's the point of that?

After a certain amount of money, I can't finish spending it no matter how much I spend it. I'm not a person who particularly likes to enjoy life, so I think it's better to use some of the money to do something more meaningful and higher-level. Exploring Mars and space is one of them.

"Then why did you choose Mars instead of other celestial bodies, such as the moon, which is closer to Earth?"

Li Mu explained, "Mars is a terrestrial planet in the solar system that is the most similar to Earth. So, in our opinion, Mars is the most realistic choice for alien immigration."

"Then what do you think the chances of this plan succeeding are?"

Li Mu said, "Success needs time as a reference. In my opinion, the success rate should be about 50% for humans to achieve a landing on Mars within a decade or so, but the success rate of immigration to Mars is only about 25%. However, if this timeline is extended by ten years, then I think the success rate will double. If the timeline is extended to 2050, then I think even immigration to Mars will have at least an 80% chance of success."

Li Mu said, "Actually, it doesn't matter to me even if this goal can't be achieved by 2050, because scientific research itself is a process that needs to be constantly piled up. With my ability and my lifetime, I may not be able to send humans to Mars for immigration, but I will definitely be able to improve the theoretical and hardware foundation of human immigration to Mars to a certain level. That way, our descendants can use this as a foundation to go to a higher level."

"Maybe in 2100, humans will be able to establish a permanent survival base on Mars;"

"Maybe in 2200, humans will be able to easily travel between Mars and Earth;"

"Maybe in 2500, humans will be able to rush out of the solar system and move to further goals."

"However, the premise of all this is that humans must restart the exploration of outer space and other celestial bodies. If we don't take this step now and leave it to our children and grandchildren to start, then the pace of human exploration of outer space will be delayed by 20 to 30 years or even longer. Therefore, I think we need to start earlier."

Another reporter asked, "Li Zong, do you have specific steps and plans?"

Li Mu said, "First of all, we will increase investment to develop recyclable launch vehicles to further reduce the cost of space launches;"

"Second, we will start building our own space station while carrying out commercial launches. The space station will be a base for fuel replenishment and food replenishment. The first batch of astronauts to Mars in the future will be loaded with fuel and supplies here before sailing to the distant Mars.

"At the same time, we will also study permanent and semi-permanent equipment suitable for use on Mars. First, we will choose a location on the surface of Mars to build a scientific research station. Then, with the scientific research station as the center, we will gradually expand to a Martian village, a Martian town, and even a Martian city."

"Of course, this is the most unimaginative solution. We might as well be a little more romantic when looking at this problem. Think about it. Maybe in the next few decades, human material science will advance by leaps and bounds, and people might even be able to develop a space elevator!"

"In that case, the cost of transporting items to the space station will be greatly reduced. In the past, transporting a load of a few hundred kilograms required a launch vehicle, but by then, transporting a load of a few hundred kilograms would only consume some electricity. If that day really comes, humans might be able to build a super spaceship the size of an aircraft carrier in space. At that time, we might even be able to build a mobile city in space, then carry thousands of people, all the equipment and supplies they need, fly directly to Mars, and land on the surface of Mars."

"All in all, the possibilities of space exploration are endless, but the key is that if we don't take the first step, then there will be no prospects and possibilities. Only by taking the first step will there be infinite possibilities!"