Chapter 1021

The operation team of "Paradise Town" had found campus celebrities like Fiona in almost every university in the United States for in-depth cooperation. This was also the core of Li Mu's "Trojan Horse" plan. Countless "Fiona" s used their influence to spread "Paradise Town" at the fastest speed on various campuses.

To Read Books · 1 ·

Li Mu's special strategy worked wonders. Through these campus celebrities, "Paradise Town" suddenly spread in various universities in the United States like a virus.

The university itself was a relatively isolated small society. For college students, most of their connections, time, energy, and social interaction revolved around this isolated small environment. In such an environment, it was very easy to give birth to people with great influence in the small environment.

Not only that, in such a small environment, any product that could promote the development of such a small environment could have a special appeal to college users, such as Facebook, the campus intranet, and even QQ space and Weibo.

At present, every university in the United States had more than one BBS forum-style communication platform, and it was very popular. Everyone chatted, interacted, and shared information on the forum. But over time, users had some aesthetic fatigue with the mode of BBS. This aesthetic fatigue did not appear because there was no new product that could really meet their needs.

This aesthetic fatigue that even users themselves were not aware of had occurred many times in the history of the Internet development. For example: before WeChat became popular, users had aesthetic fatigue with the text communication of QQ, but there was no new product to meet the higher needs, so users themselves did not realize it. In this case, once a new product came out, not only could it gain the recognition of users, but it could even form a kind of fanatical pursuit in a short period of time.

Those who could discover in advance the "aesthetic fatigue" of users for existing products and could then develop new products that were popular with users were basically super product managers. Steve Jobs was one, Mark Zuckerberg was another, and Zhang Xiaolong was another.

Online social interaction with pure text and pure communication, for American college students, had long been unable to meet their higher level of social needs. At this time, the appearance of "Paradise Town" was just right. It not only raised the social needs of American college students by one level, but also by several levels. It not only gave users a highly playable business game, but also integrated the excellent experience of communication, making friends, and socializing into it. It was simply perfect to meet the psychological needs of these energetic college students.

First Look · 1 ·

Even an awesome person like Mark Zuckerberg was immediately attracted by the game after downloading Paradise Town. He immersed himself in the game as if he was completely obsessed with it. He tried and studied every detail of the game very carefully, and his research got out of hand. He forgot that his original motive for downloading the game was to add Fiona as his friend. Now, he was just a programmer observing and studying a super product that he worshipped from the bottom of his heart.

Seeing Mark Zuckerberg sitting in front of the computer for an hour, Dustin Moscovitz could not help but ask him, "Mark, do you still want to add Fiona?

If you want to add her, add me as a friend first, I'll recommend her to you. I will recommend her to you. "

Only then did Mark Zuckerberg realize that the purpose of downloading this game was to get close to the goddess in his heart.

After coming back to his senses, Mark Zuckerberg could not help but exclaim, "Dustin, the design of this game is amazing. There are unimaginable design concepts everywhere. I really want to meet the architect of this game!"

Dustin Moskowitz curled his lips and asked him, "Hey, man, are you going to pick up girls or not?"

"Yes, yes, yes!"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "I'll add you as a friend now, and you recommend Fiona to me. I'll add her!"

A minute later, Dustin Moscovitz recommended Fiona's account in the game to Mark Zuckerberg. The excited Mark Zuckerberg immediately tried to add her as a friend. He did not expect that the other party did not need any verification and could directly add her to his friend list.

Mark Zuckerberg looked at Fiona's profile picture in his friend list. He was nervous. After hesitating for a long time, he finally plucked up the courage to send her the first message in history.

"Hi, Fiona. My name is Mark Zuckerberg. You can call me Mark. I'm glad to be your friend!"

After the message was sent, Mark Zuckerberg waited for Fiona's reply with uneasiness. He did not have too many unrealistic ambitions. He just hoped to get a friendly reply from Fiona, and then he would be satisfied.

However, Mark Zuckerberg felt that Fiona, a fan of thousands of people, must have countless friends in the game, and there must be countless people who confessed to her through this game. So compared to her, he was insignificant, and Fiona would most likely not reply to him.

Unexpectedly, in less than a minute, Fiona sent a message to Mark Zuckerberg. When Mark Zuckerberg saw Fiona's profile picture flashing, he was so excited that he could not even hold the mouse.

After forcing himself to calm down, Mark Zuckerberg clicked on the message with trembling hands. Fiona's message said, "Hello, Mark. I'm very happy to meet you. I hope you can take care of me in the game in the future. Remember to visit my farm every day and help me water or weed, but don't steal my vegetables!"

After reading this message, and then looking at the little emoji of a winking beauty at the end of the message, Mark Zuckerberg felt a strong sense of happiness in his heart. Fiona actually replied to him so quickly, and sent so many friendly messages, which showed how much she valued him.

However, Mark Zuckerberg did not expect that the reason why Fiona "valued" him so much was because he meant cash to Fiona. Fiona wanted to make more money by relying on Paradise Town, so naturally, she would be so polite and friendly to every game friend.

Fiona's friendly attitude completely aroused Mark Zuckerberg's enthusiasm for Paradise Town. He began to have a great interest in this game, and even devoted all his spare time and personal rest time to this game. The more Mark Zuckerberg played, the more immersed he became. At the same time, he increasingly felt that the game's design was indeed too exquisite and powerful. Every link in it was done to perfection, and the logic was very clear. In the end, every part of the game was closely intersected, so there was an interlocking and fascinating effect.

Out of a natural sensitivity in this aspect, Mark Zuckerberg inquired about the publishing company of Paradise Town. When he found out that this game turned out to be from Hua Xia's Makino Technology, he was almost completely shocked, and his admiration for Makino Technology instantly rose to a peak.

Mark Zuckerberg had long heard of Makino Technology, and he was even a paying user of YY himself. He often communicated with some people in the Internet industry on YY, and long found that YY product was incredibly powerful. At the same time, he also admired Makino Technology and Li Mu, who was about the same age as him. However, today, he found out that Makino Technology could also develop such an awesome game. Whether it was YY or Paradise Town, it could be seen that Makino Technology's ability to make products was simply unparalleled in the entire Internet industry.

Even a man of science and technology like Mark Zuckerberg had become a fan of Paradise Town, not to mention other university students.

For a time, 80% of the personal computers in the entire American university campus had downloaded "Paradise Town". In every university campus, there was a wave of fanaticism. Almost all the dorms were filled with students playing "Paradise Town", and Paradise Town had become the hottest topic among the students. Whether it was in the classroom, the corridor, the bathroom, the stadium, or even the study room and the library, there were groups of students discussing the topic of Paradise Town enthusiastically.

The popularity of Paradise Town in American universities was different from the popularity in China. The purchasing power of American university students was much stronger than that of Chinese students. The game items that were sold for tens of cents or a few dollars were quite expensive in the eyes of domestic users, but for most university students in the United States, this amount of money was not even enough for a meal. It was nothing more than the price of a hamburger or a cup of coffee.

Because every university had a game friend relationship led by a focal character or a campus celebrity, many users had a very strong competitive mentality. In order to get these focal characters to pay attention to them, many people directly topped up a large amount of cash to speed up the development of the game. There were also some infatuated people who bought a large number of fertilizer props in order to increase the efficiency of their sweetheart's stealing. They kept farming and using props to accelerate the ripening of the crops so that their sweetheart could keep stealing vegetables and get extra experience rewards.

Mark Zuckerberg's roommate, Dustin Moskovitz, in order to make his sweetheart Monica satisfied, topped up 200 dollars in one go and used all of it to buy fertilizer. Then, he kept speeding up his crops and kept sending text messages to Monica, telling her to be prepared to steal vegetables. This method did attract Monica's attention. While Monica was pleasantly surprised, she was also a little touched by Dustin Moskovitz's method.

The continuous use of the items to accelerate the ripening of the crops caused the communication between Dustin Moskovitz and Monica to increase rapidly. The two of them only discussed the content related to the game at first, but it soon heated up to asking each other about each other's interests and hobbies. They even made all kinds of jokes with each other, and the progress was quite fast …