Chapter 1544

People with keen eyes saw the huge potential behind Twitter when it was first launched. The same was true for the British royal family.

These people had seen the development potential of Twitter as a personal media. If a person like Li Mu gained tens of millions of Twitter followers around the world, then he could push the information he wanted to push to his tens of millions of followers at any time.

Before this, no one could do such an information delivery ability.

The highest frequency of delivery for the paper media was once a day. It was difficult to achieve a higher frequency.

For the television media, even if they had their own TV station, they could not always deliver information according to their own needs. Moreover, users controlled so many TV stations. In an exclusive channel like television media, users could only choose one channel to obtain information at the same time. The same news at the 8 o 'clock slot, there were 30 TV stations competing in the United Kingdom. The probability of the information being delivered was too high.

Although traditional Internet portals had no time limit and could publish their own information anytime and anywhere, portals did not have a social function like Twitter. Users could browse Twitter or Weibo for a long time, but they would not follow a portal for a long time. This meant that the information delivered by traditional portals could not be targeted. The proportion of information that was ignored by users was also very high.

However, Twitter itself had an extremely fast speed of content creation. Tens of millions of people around the world created hundreds of millions of content every day. However, this content itself gave users the power to filter freely. They could follow their friends, they could follow their admirers, idols, and other public figures they liked. Every user's follow list was a customized "program list" that completely catered to their needs. No information platform could do this. Moreover, it did not only have the function of publishing and browsing information. More importantly, it had a strong social attribute.

Therefore, this was why the British royal family valued Twitter and William's millions of followers overnight. They were keenly aware that this would be the key to the British royal family's global presence and even global influence.

Because of this, they specially called William and asked him to pay attention to his Twitter and maintain it well.

…

After Li Mu sat down in the restaurant, he could immediately feel the great impact that Twitter had on him.

First of all, the Goldberg family provided dozens of newspapers in different languages, and almost all of them had him in the headlines.

Secondly, almost everyone in the restaurant would take the initiative to greet him and introduce themselves. This kind of enthusiasm was much higher than yesterday.

Wendy Gauber came to Li Mu's side and gave Li Mu a cup of coffee. She then said to Li Mu, "Mr Lee, I've ordered some French breakfast for you. The chef will bring it over immediately."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Thank you, Wendy."

Wendy blinked, then looked at Li Mu expectantly and asked softly, "Mr Li, may I take a picture with you?"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Now?"

"That's right …" Wendy's fair and pretty face blushed. Like a girl next door, she said shyly, "I've also registered on Twitter. I want to post another photo with you, Mr. Li."

At the beginning of the banquet yesterday, Wendy had already taken a picture with Li Mu. Last night, she posted the picture on her newly registered Twitter account and specifically tagged Li Mu. However, Li Mu did not respond to her.

However, even if Li Mu did not respond, Wendy's picture with Li Mu was automatically reposted by many netizens. For these crazy fans of Li Mu, anything related to Li Mu would arouse their interest in reading, reposting, and commenting.

On the other hand, Wendy had also gained a lot. From last night until this morning, she had gained nearly 400,000 fans.

However, nearly 400,000 followers was a world of difference from Prince William's five million followers.

Li Mu did not refuse Wendy's request. It was just a picture. He was never a person who was afraid of the camera.

Therefore, Wendy immediately took out the card camera that she had prepared. Then, she squatted beside Li Mu and tried to get her head as close as possible to Li Mu, but she also kept a certain distance.

Then, Wendy turned the camera around in front of her and said to Li Mu, "Mr Lee, I say 1, 2, 3."

"Wait." Li Mu smiled and said, "This angle is not new. Let me teach you a new way to take pictures."

Li Mu knew that Wendy wanted to take a picture with him to post on Twitter, so he thought he might as well help her.

Wendy did not understand what Li Mu meant. She asked curiously, "Mr Lee, what is the new way you mentioned?"

Li Mu patted the chair next to him and said with a smile, "Come, sit next to me."

Wendy hurriedly nodded and sat on the chair next to Li Mu.

Li Mu said again, "Give me the camera."

Wendy handed the camera to Li Mu. Li Mu held it up at a forty-five-degree angle to his right and said to Wendy, who was sitting on his left, "Come, come a little closer to me."

Wendy was overjoyed. She hurriedly moved closer to Li Mu, almost to the extent of touching him.

Immediately, Li Mu said, "Use your left hand to make a V sign."

"Like this?"

Wendy had always appeared in photos as a noble lady. She almost knew nothing about acting cute, so the V sign she made seemed a little silly.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Come, put your V sign on the side of your face. Yes, yes, yes. That's it. Then, puff your cheeks a little. Yes, you heard me right. Puff, don't puff too much …"

For the first time, Wendy felt that she was so clumsy. Under Li Mu's guidance, she could not get the gist of it after a long time.

Finally, at a certain moment, Li Mu said, "Okay, that's it. Very good. Don't move. Come, take a picture. One, two, three …"

With a click, the camera shutter was pressed. A picture that would lead the trend of online selfies for at least a decade was born.

Li Mu turned the camera around and took a look. Wendy's expression and gestures had indeed reached the standard of an online celebrity. She was very beautiful and dressed very classy. Coupled with such an online celebrity expression, it was indeed very pleasing to the eye.

However, Li Mu did not do anything funny. He just smiled and took a picture of the side of Wendy's face at a 45-degree angle. This just happened to set off Wendy's stunning and cute look.

Li Mu handed the camera to Wendy and said with a smile, "Here, send this to your Twitter. I will repost it after dinner."

"Really?!"

Wendy did not have time to look at her appearance on the camera. When she heard that Li Mu would repost her Twitter, she was so excited that even her voice trembled a little.

Although the entire Goldberg family was rich, they lacked influence in front of the public. Unlike the McMillan family, which had been taught a lesson by Li Mu, they had a media industry, so they usually had a lot of exposure. They had a great influence in the United Kingdom and even throughout Europe. Therefore, the Goldberg family also wanted to find a breakthrough in front of the public. Now, Twitter was the best choice.

Wendy was very excited because she knew very well that if Li Mu reposted her Twitter, she would probably gain millions of fans in a day. This influence was too great. Not only would it help the Goldberg family increase their exposure, but it would also make her the only representative of the Goldberg family. This would be very helpful for her to fight for the greatest benefits for herself in the future.

Wendy could not be blamed for being too realistic. It could only be said that aristocratic children like her had received such a set of values since childhood.

At this time, William came in after making a phone call. When he saw Li Mu, his face lit up. He hurried to him and greeted him with a smile, "Good morning, Mr. Lee."

Li Mu looked up at him and said with a smile, "Good morning, William."

Wendy hurriedly stood up and said, "Mr. Lee, Prince William, you two can have breakfast first. I won't disturb you anymore."

Li Mu asked casually, "Do you want to have dinner together?"

Wendy waved her hand and said, "Thank you, Mr. Lee, but I have already eaten."

Li Mu nodded and said naturally, "I wanted to invite you to have dinner with Miss Annie. Since you have already eaten, I won't force you. However, I will have to trouble Miss Wendy to help me invite Miss Annie over."

Wendy's expression was slightly unnatural, but her heart was filled with regret. If she had known earlier, why didn't she agree?

Saying that she had already eaten, there must be a hole in her brain.

However, although she was upset, she knew that she could not show it, so she smiled and said, "Please wait for a moment. Miss Annie should be eating in another restaurant. I will invite her over."

Li Mu smiled and said with a calm expression, "Wendy, please do me a favor."

Wendy hurriedly said, "Please say it."

Li Mu said, "Miss Annie is a good friend of mine. If you have any arrangements, please don't forget about her. Thank you."

Li Mu said it very calmly, but Wendy was really a little flustered. She and the whole family were very dissatisfied with the appearance of Annie Hathaway, so they deliberately "separated" her from Li Mu. However, she did not expect Li Mu to take the initiative to bring it up. Although Li Mu said it very casually and without any arguments, Wendy knew very well that Li Mu should be dissatisfied.

So she hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, please wait for a moment. I will invite Miss Annie over now. This matter is due to our negligence in the arrangements. Please rest assured, we will not make such a mistake again."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Thank you for your hard work."

Wendy turned around and left. William immediately smiled and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, congratulations. Twitter has become popular all over the world overnight. Makino Technology has once again amazed the world.

I believe that in the future, Twitter will bring great value to Makino Technology. "