Chapter 1661

Hearing Li Mu say that Spielberg also liked the song "21 Guns" that she had just recorded, Du Wei asked happily, "Did Director Spielberg really say that?"

Li Mu nodded. "Why would I lie to you?"

With that, Li Mu added, "He also said that in February next year, he will fight for a chance for you to be a guest at the Grammy."

"Grammy?" Hearing this, even Du Wei, who had never cared about fame and fortune, could not remain calm.

The Grammy was like the Oscars of the film and television industry. All film actors dreamed of the Oscars. Even if it was only a nomination for the Oscars, it was a great honor. Therefore, every popular singer had the same feelings for the Grammy.

The Grammy was the highest award in the world of music. Those who could win the award were the top singers with super strength. The guests who could be invited to perform at the Grammy also regarded it as the greatest honor. More importantly, so far, no singer Hua Xia had been invited to be a guest performer at the Grammy!

It was very difficult for a singer like Hua Xia to be nominated or perform at the Grammy. It was not that Hua Xia's level was not good enough, but the cultural differences, language differences, musical styles, etc., made it difficult for a singer like Hua Xia to really go abroad, especially to the Western stage.

Moreover, at this stage, Hua Xia's capital had not shown any edge in the international music circle, so even if a local tycoon wanted to promote a singer like Hua Xia to the Grammy, it was basically in a state of powerlessness.

When Du Wei first heard that she might have a chance to be on the Grammy, her first thought was shock, and the second was disbelief. After she came to her senses, she said to Li Mu awkwardly, "Brother Li Mu, how can a newcomer like me be qualified to be on the Grammy …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Whether you are qualified or not depends not on your age, nor on your cultivation."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue and asked carefully, "Then what?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It depends on the strength, the work, and the resources behind it. Resources are the most important!"

After that, Li Mu patted the seat next to him and said to Du Wei, "Come, sit down. Brother will tell you."

Du Wei smiled sweetly and sat down next to Li Mu. She blinked at Li Mu like a little girl, looking forward to his next words.

Only then did Li Mu say seriously, "There's only one core in the entertainment industry, and that's exposure. A movie needs enough exposure, so the investors have to look for the most popular stars and the most stylish directors. Albums also need enough exposure, so the record companies will go around advertising, promoting, and buying resources. When a movie star has enough exposure, he can become an A-lister. It's the same for a singer, but what's the guarantee of exposure?

Resources! "

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "Look, there are so many top big names in the movie 'Flying Tigers'. Each of them has their own exposure. Coupled with my funds and the resources I will invest in the promotion of this movie, it will make this movie the most exposed commercial movie in history. You are the female lead of the movie, so the exposure is very high. Moreover, you are the singer of the theme song, so the exposure is even higher. At that time, not to mention the Grammys, I think you are even qualified to be nominated for the Oscars."

Du Wei said embarrassedly, "Although I studied music professionally, I don't think I am qualified to be nominated for the Grammys. What's more, I have never learned acting, so how can I be qualified to be nominated for the Oscars …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "This is about the problem of resources. You have me to provide resources behind the scenes, and Spielberg to endorse you in front of the stage. With the support of such resources, the Oscars and the Grammys are nothing."

As he said that, Li Mu said, "What's more, if you are invited to participate in the Grammys and become a guest performer, I will write a better song for you, so that you can blow up the audience as soon as you appear on stage!"

In Li Mu's mind, there were too many hit singles that were popular all over the world. Whether it was Sister Stone, Sister Fruit, Adele, or Taylor Swift, any one of their famous songs would be enough for Du Wei to amaze the entire Western music circle. If Du Wei performed well, it was very likely that she would directly steal the limelight of the entire Grammys.

If she could amaze the entire Grammys as the beginning of Du Wei's global singing career, it would be a fantastic beginning.

Du Wei said shyly, "I'm afraid that I will be nervous on such an occasion. What if I disappoint you …"

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "You are such a confident girl. You will not be nervous anywhere. Don't worry, I believe in you."

…

When Li Mu sent Du Wei home, the Mars Company in the United States was already in an uproar.

After they realized that the sales in the terminal market were rapidly declining, they immediately launched comprehensive data monitoring and conducted real-time analysis of terminal sales data around the world. What made them feel desperate was that the terminal sales data were still declining.

Even in the United States, sales had begun to decline significantly. The negative news that was constantly fermenting on the Internet was constantly unleashing its power.

Roland Mars, the chairman of the board of directors of Mars, was furious. Just when he could not find a suitable countermeasure, the marketing director of Mars told him a new piece of data. "Mr. Mars, we have just received news that in terms of pet food, Desire's global sales have surged more than twice in the past few days. Their factories have now begun to enter a state of full-capacity production, and their channels are developing rapidly!"

As he said this, he added, "In addition, yesterday, Li Gouzi's Titter updated a photo of him eating Desire dog food, which received tens of thousands of retweets. Now, Desire's brand awareness is very high on the Internet, and the exposure of the brand and its products is also very high. It is estimated that their sales will go up another level in the next few days."

Even if Desire's product was more expensive and had a lower price-performance ratio, with the promotion of Li Gouzi's Weibo, its sales were like a rocket, rising non-stop. Now, Li Gouzi had become the world's first online celebrity dog, and the Desire brand had become the world's first online celebrity pet food brand.

Once something became popular, who the hell cared about the price-performance ratio?

It was also for this reason that in Mars' product line, the sales of pet food had also fallen the most, far more than other products.

After hearing this, Roland Mars scolded angrily, "Neil, that short-sighted bastard! He gave such a good opportunity to his competitor!

Killing him is not enough to vent my hatred! "

Poor Neil had been fired by the board of directors at this time, but even so, it could not alleviate Roland Mars' resentment towards him.

After scolding Neil, Roland Mars was still angry. He said to the marketing director, "We must now find a way to restore consumers' confidence in our products and reputation. The board of directors will immediately approve an advertising budget of 20 million US dollars to help the company get through this difficult period. We need to increase our exposure and pull up sales again."

The person in charge of marketing said with a serious face, "Mr. Mars, if we immediately increase the advertising budget, it will indeed help to increase sales, but in this case, it is equivalent to sailing against the wind. The cost of moving forward is too high. It is very likely that even if we invest 50 million US dollars, it will not have a very good effect. After all, Makino Technology is still constantly against us. The negative news of our products is spreading on the Internet. Personally, I feel that we should start by solving the negative news on the Internet first."

Roland Mars said angrily, "It is obvious that Titter is adding fuel to the fire. We don't have a strong voice on the Internet. How can we solve the negative news at this stage?"

The person in charge of marketing said, "We can first sue Titter for maliciously restricting the functions of our official Titter website, and ask them to immediately remove all restrictions and apologize to us. Then we can sue Titter for maliciously indulging in unwarranted slander, thus tarnishing our corporate image."

Roland Mars asked in an unfriendly tone, "What do you think the probability of winning this lawsuit is?"

The person in charge of marketing said, "I don't dare to say how big the probability is, but as long as we sue and the American court accepts it, this matter will become big news. At least the users will pay attention and know that we may have been treated unfairly. This can be considered a form of crisis PR for us."

Roland Mars held his chin and hesitated for a moment, then nodded lightly and said, "Okay!

Immediately contact the best and most authoritative business lawyers in the United States. This time, we have to make this matter bigger. It is best if we can let users all over the world pay attention! "

…

Early the next morning, Li Mu was woken up by a call from Lin Ching-ah, who was in North America.

Lin Ching-ah asked a little embarrassedly over the phone, "Li Zong, did I disturb your rest?"

Li Mu said, "It's nothing." Then he asked, "Qing Ya, why are you calling so early in the morning? Is there something urgent?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "It's nothing urgent. I just want to tell you that Mars has submitted a complaint to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. They are suing us for maliciously restricting the functions of their official Titter, and maliciously indulging and promoting negative news that slandered them."

Speaking of this, Lin Ching-ah said again, "This matter is quite big. Many American media outlets have already begun to report on it. It is very influential."

Those media outlets were not willing to offend Li Mu because of Mars, so they were not willing to help Mars make a statement. However, they were still very interested in neutral news. So when they heard that Mars was suing Makino Technology, they immediately opened a special column to focus on this matter.

Li Mu did not care about this. He smiled and said, "I understand. I will respond later. If there are American media outlets that want to interview you, you can just reject them."

"Okay, Li Zong, I understand."

Li Mu hung up the phone with Lin Ching-ah and immediately called Kong Lingyu. He said immediately, "Old Kong, immediately block all the accounts on Mars' official Weibo. Don't let their staff log in again."

Kong Lingyu did not even ask for the reason. He immediately nodded and said, "I will arrange it now."

Then, Li Mu turned on his laptop, logged into his Titter, and posted a new tweet in English. The text of this tweet was: "Makino Technology has officially terminated the use of all Mars' Titter accounts. This is to inform you."

In addition to this sentence, he also attached a screenshot. The screenshot's content was Article 8.3.1 of the Titter registration agreement.

The user registration terms of Titter were very long. There were a lot of user behavior norms and platform privileges. It would take at least half an hour to read through all of them. Therefore, almost no one read it carefully. They all checked the "Agree" button when they registered.

Article 8.3.1 of the registration terms was originally: "Titter officials have the final management rights of all accounts on this platform. If a user's improper operation or improper behavior leads to a large number of negative news, a large number of abnormal user comments, abnormal actions, such as (comments, forwarding, likes), Titter officials have the right to terminate all the rights of the offending user to control their account in order to protect Titter's own rights and interests!"