Chapter 599

Without any hesitation, Rolling Stone accepted Taobao's suggestion and prepared to pre-sell Mo Wenwei's album, which had been sold out. Although they would sacrifice some profits, they could still make more sales with a small profit. For the record company, the benefit of more sales was not only more money, but more importantly, the influence of the star would be greatly improved. Moreover, for the record industry, if they could produce a high-sales album under such adversity, it would definitely be equivalent to giving the whole industry a boost.

As Li Mu expected, the mainstream record companies took the initiative to contact Taobao to ask for cooperation. After seeing Taobao's request, they all accepted it without exception. At this time, the record companies were very eager to get through the online sales platform of Taobao, because it was of great significance to them.

Liu Xiaodong arranged for business personnel to meet with these record companies one-on-one and arrange a time for them to sign the cooperation agreement with the authorization letter. If everything went well, in the next few days, the albums of best-selling singers such as Jay Chou, Sun Yanzi, and Mayday would be available on Taobao. The fan base of each singer was not exactly the same. The more stars there were, the wider the coverage of their fans. Eventually, they could cover all the music lovers in the country. This was also a very good new channel for Taobao. Through the influence of these stars, they could also convert a group of non-Taobao users into Taobao users in order to buy the album.

Li Mu's focus was not on the album, but on the success of Mango-ME at 8 o 'clock tonight and the summer brand pre-sale at 8: 30. He had great confidence in Mango-ME, which was an invincible product in the domestic MP3 market. As long as it was in stock, it would be difficult for other MP3 manufacturers to sell their products. Therefore, Li Mu firmly believed that with this success, the 500,000 Mango-ME would be sold out in a very short time.

Li Mu was not concerned about how long it would take for the 500,000 Mango-ME units to be sold out. He was concerned about whether the new delivery strategy that he asked Liu Xiaodong to arrange for the warehouse base could be carried out perfectly. He believed that the people who were paying attention to Taobao tonight were not only the employees and users of Taobao, but also many potential competitors. Of course, Hangzhou's Boss Ma was among them. If Boss Ma wanted to strangle Zhang Heng through logistics, he would definitely pay attention to the sales of Mango-ME tonight. If Mango-ME was sold out again, he would pay attention to how Taobao would deal with the 500,000 orders. Zhang Heng believed that Zhang Heng's new model would surprise him.

Boss Ma would not only pay attention to the sales of Mango-ME, but he would also pay attention to the summer brand pre-sale. He hoped to see Taobao's logistics turnover as soon as possible. It was even possible that the express delivery company he had bought would not accept orders from Taobao or companies that cooperated with Taobao. He might have thought that he had surrounded Li Mu in the downstream, but he would never have thought that Li Mu would easily break through the blockade.

At 7: 50 in the evening, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong waited for the opening of the sale in ten minutes. At this moment, Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, was also paying close attention to all the movements of Taobao.

Not only him, but his core employees were also working overtime with him today. Everyone wanted to see how Taobao would perform tonight, and then think of ways to further limit their development.

Boss Ma opened Taobao and searched for Mango-ME. After entering the buying page, he looked at a number on the page and said in surprise, "A small Mango-ME has more than eight million users who want it. I estimate that there are more than ten million users who are interested in it!"

One of the core employees nodded and said, "This Mango-ME product is indeed unsolvable. The MP3 industry is cursing Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong to the heavens. They made such a product to destroy other people's livelihood."

Boss Ma waved his hand and said, "What I want to say is not how good or bad the Mango-ME product is. What I want to say is how vast the e-commerce retail market is. More than eight million people are paying close attention to a small MP3 player on the Internet. If you look at the prospects of the entire industry through this data, you will find that this is a field with endless imagination!

It also makes me more determined to enter this field! "

Everyone agreed with him. Taobao had not been established for a long time, but it did not go through any trial and error stages. It launched a fierce attack right from the start. The speed of development during this period of time was equivalent to completing what Taobao had done in two years in his previous life. Li Mu's fierce attack strategy also showed great potential in the e-commerce retail industry. Otherwise, Boss Ma would not be so determined to compete with Li Mu.

At this time, Lu Zhaoxi said, "Li Mu is really a genius in integrating and using resources. With a flick of his wrist, the record companies in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan are all wagging their tails around him. They are scrambling to authorize their products to sell. Moreover, I have inquired about the contract they signed. Taobao not only takes 20% of the profits, but also wants them to supply the goods first. They also hold them back for three months. Even so, they still rushed to cooperate with Taobao. Let's not talk about how much profit this part will bring to Taobao. Just the influence of Taobao alone is a very valuable asset."

Boss Ma said, "This is the power of a big platform!

Look at Wal-Mart. They have such a trick. Suppliers are still scrambling to cooperate with them. The same is true for Taobao. Li Mu helped Mo Wenwei sell 120,000 albums a day. These 120,000 albums must have been sold to Mo Wenwei's fans. What if he sells Andy Lau's album tomorrow?

Maybe he can also create a sales of more than 100,000 albums a day. Based on this sales alone, it is enough to make the record companies kneel. "

As he said this, Boss Ma smiled and said, "But this is also a good thing for us. First of all, Taobao has helped us strengthen the development space of this industry and give us unlimited imagination.

Secondly, the rapid development of Taobao has made our investors very optimistic about this industry. I almost don't need to talk to them. They took the initiative to come to me and said, 'Jack, hurry up and imitate Taobao to do C2C. You are the only enterprise in Hua Xia who has the ability and foundation to imitate Taobao to do C2C. We can solve the money problem. You just need to work hard.

We can also see how eager our investors are for this industry. Finally, I am also very happy to see Li Mu's desperate look. Mango-ME's shipping is enough for him. Now he also controls the shipping of records. I want to see how he can cope with such a huge shipment. Once he can't turn over the goods, he will inevitably hurt the consumers. At that time, Taobao's reputation will continue to decline. We can launch our own platform at the right time. With our complete and fast logistics system, we can benefit from it. "

Cai Chongxin said, "Boss Ma, I think we can also do something about Taobao's summer Brand Day activity. Most of their participants in the Brand Day activity are electronic product companies, and most of them are concentrated in Shenzhen. Once the summer Brand Day activity is officially launched, the demand for logistics in Shenzhen will definitely skyrocket. At that time, the express delivery companies under our control will also receive a large number of orders related to the Brand Day activity. At that time, we can deliberately slow down the delivery speed of this batch of goods. For example, all the express delivery companies in Shenzhen will not leave the warehouse for a few days, which will greatly slow down the entire logistics cycle."

Boss Ma nodded and said, "The necessary means of competition are necessary. Since there are so many enterprises in Shenzhen among the Taobao's partners on the Brand Day, we will regard Shenzhen as the first battlefield."

Then, Boss Ma said to Sun Tongyu, one of the early veterans, "Tongyu, you will pay close attention to the specific actions of Taobao's Brand Day. You must grasp the cooperation companies and the pre-sale of these companies' products on Taobao in time, and then estimate the total sales of a Brand Day for me, the total sales data, and the estimated number of shipments in Shenzhen alone!"

Sun Tongyu immediately said, "No problem, I will start working on it today."

Boss Ma said, "You must be as accurate as possible. The more accurate your estimation is, the more effective our next strategic deployment will be."

"No problem!"

…

At eight o 'clock sharp, the instant sales of Taobao's Mango-ME began once again.

This time, although the instantaneous capacity of the Taobao's server had been greatly improved, the instant the server recorded more than five million access requests, which still slowed down the speed of the entire server. Fortunately, the system's architecture was very powerful. The system only slowed down, but it did not hinder the normal rush to place orders.

The sales of these 500,000 machines were not much slower than the 100,000 machines. From the moment they went on sale, the order volume on the big screen began to roll at an extremely fast speed. The numbers below 100 could not be seen clearly, and the speed at which the thousand-digit numbers rolled was also very fast. A total of 500,000 machines were sold out within six minutes of going on sale!

Selling 500,000 units in six minutes was another miracle on Taobao's website. Of course, this was also due to the excellent industrial design of Mango-ME and the price that was infinitely close to the cost of production. It had now become a dominating force in the MP3 industry. Although the prices of other MP3 brands of the same level had been continuously lowered, none of them could reach the insane price of 368 RMB Mango-ME. Li Mu did not make a loss by pushing this price, but if other manufacturers tried to push this price, they would probably lose tens of RMB for each unit sold.

The entire Taobao's website was boiling with excitement. Although they did not make a single cent, and they had to worry about the logistics of the 500,000 units of Mango-ME, everyone was still very excited. This time, the 500,000 units were sold out within seconds, and it further proved the strength of Taobao's website!

After the crowd had calmed down, Li Mu stood up and clapped his hands. He then said loudly, "Now, it's time for the entire industry to witness a miracle!

Immediately inform all the major warehouses to start shipping the units tonight! "