Chapter 1027

Two major YY function updates and a heavyweight "America's Top Campus Belle List" in Paradise Town were still not enough for Li Mu.

He felt that his trip to the United States this time was not only for money and high-end industry contacts, but also for a beautiful exhibition match. Since it was an exhibition match, he had to strive to make it the most exciting.

Therefore, when everyone thought that Li Mu had ordered everything and everyone was eager to start, Li Mu said again, "For Paradise Town, a" America's Top Campus Belle List "is still not enough. I think we need another activity to achieve cross-coverage for different user groups."

When everyone heard this, they all felt great pressure in their hearts.

Li Mu was the soul of many companies. According to common sense, at this time, he no longer needed to formulate any business details, because the team under him must have enough strength to solve all the details for him, and it must be a one-stop solution from the formulation to the implementation.

However, Li Mu's way of thinking was so much better than everyone else's that his core team tried their best, but they could only do what he thought but could not do it for him.

At present, the team could not catch up with them at all. There was a huge gap between them and Li Mu in terms of strategic awareness, overall, and detail control.

All major product innovations and strategic and tactical development basically relied on Li Mu himself. Makino Technology gave everyone such good benefits, but they could not really share the burden of the CEO. As his subordinates, it was strange that they were not under pressure.

Seeing that everyone was silent, Li Mu frowned and asked, "What's wrong?

You were very active just now. Why are you suddenly so listless? "

Everyone looked at each other, and Kong Lingyu said bluntly, "Boss, you're the one who thinks and plans everything yourself. As members of Muye Technology, we're ashamed that we can't be on the same level as you on these issues …"

Li Mu was stunned and speechless. After a moment, he smiled indifferently and said to everyone, "If you can't play a key role in strategic planning for the time being, you should first do a solid job in the implementation. We are a team, and we can't just rely on our brains, bodies, and physical strength. Thanks to everyone's cooperation, we can make Makino Technology what it is today. And I believe that given a certain amount of time to grow and consolidate, in the near future, everyone will be able to improve and develop by leaps and bounds."

Although that was what he said, Li Mu was also very helpless in his heart.

In terms of Internet products and operational thinking, with more than ten years of leading advantage, he could completely beat the world. He could think of things that others couldn't think of; he could figure out things that others couldn't understand; he could find the fastest way that others would take many years and a lot of energy to take a detour. Therefore, it was difficult for him to find someone who was on the same level as him in the Internet thinking level. This also meant that he was destined to be the core decision-maker in Makino Technology and Taobao at all times to ensure that the company walked in the forefront in an absolutely leading way.

In this case, Li Mu felt that it was already very difficult for him to form such a team with complete execution ability, so he couldn't ask too much of the team. Now was a good opportunity to develop quickly and increase his advantage, so he couldn't slack off at all. Therefore, he could only make all the major decisions by himself and then hand them over to the team for specific implementation.

After briefly comforting everyone, Li Mu went on to discuss serious matters. He said, "It's already November, and the Thanksgiving Day in the West is November 28. Therefore, I want to take the opportunity of Thanksgiving Day to organize a global competition in Paradise Town. I say it's a global competition, and the main publicity and activity base will be in North America."

Everyone perked up and looked at Li Mu, waiting for his next words.

Li Mu continued, "If we want to promote in specific markets, we naturally have to respect and even please the users in specific markets. When foreigners earn our money, they will also celebrate our festivals, such as National Day and Spring Festival. This is not only respect for the market, but also respect for the consumers, and also respect for the local culture. Then, if we want to earn money from foreigners, we must also respect their festivals and culture. This is the prerequisite.

"Thanksgiving Day and Christmas are traditional festivals in the West, and they are very influential in Western countries. In addition to Western festivals, the Japanese, Korean, and Southeast Asian markets also have their own special regional cultures. Therefore, our future operation team will specifically target the markets of various countries and develop targeted game activities to further cater to consumers everywhere.

"Back to the main topic, since this is a Thanksgiving game competition, first of all, we must make the competition fit the theme as much as possible. Therefore, in our latest update, we must add some Thanksgiving design elements. Visual design, prop design, and interaction design must all reflect the importance we attach to this holiday. Secondly, the game's setting must match the theme of Thanksgiving as much as possible. Isn't it popular in the West to eat roast turkey on Thanksgiving?

Then my suggestion is to organize a Turkey Breeding Competition in our game. "

"Turkey Breeding Competition?" Everyone was curious, and they were quite interested in Li Mu's concept.

Li Mu said, "First, we must introduce at least three varieties of turkey species. They will be sorted according to their grades. The higher the grade, the harder it is to obtain and breed."

"Secondly, in principle, we won't open up the direct acquisition of turkey chicks. Whether it is in-game gold coins or cash, we can't directly sell turkey chicks. Instead, we need players to do Thanksgiving Day missions and randomly obtain turkey chicks. Players must first obtain the chicks and then breed them."

"Thirdly, to feed the turkeys, we need specialized turkey feed. The feed can be processed through the user's feed processing machine, and the raw materials will come from the user's crops such as wheat, corn, and soybeans."

"The entire process is that players first complete small missions to obtain turkey species, and then raise various turkeys. Different turkeys require different feed. Different feed requires different raw materials. In theory, the higher the grade, the harder it is to obtain the turkey species, and the longer the time to raise it, the harder it is to produce the feed needed to raise it. Moreover, the chicks and feed are prohibited from being traded directly by users. Players must obtain them through their own efforts."

"The entire Thanksgiving Turkey Breeding Competition will revolve around this activity. Calculate a reasonable algorithm. The time, materials, and the experience gained for breeding the three varieties of turkey must be rationally allocated. Then, a global ranking of the Thanksgiving Competition will be calculated. It will start on the day of the event and end at 24 o 'clock on Thanksgiving Day. The first place with the highest cumulative score during this period will be given a reward of 100,000 USD. The second place will be 80,000 USD, the third place will be 50,000 USD, the fourth to sixth place will be 30,000 USD, and the seventh to tenth place will be 20,000 USD."

"From 11th to 20th place, each person will be 10,000 USD. From 21st to 35th place, each person will be 8,000 USD. From 36th to 50th place, each person will be 5,000 USD. From 51st to 100th place, each person will be 3,000 USD."

After witnessing Li Mu's generosity, everyone was no longer surprised when they heard Li Mu's plan.

At this time, Li Mu said, "In addition, there is also the most important award."

Everyone was shocked. "There is more??

Is the boss spending money?

Isn't this burning money?

No, even burning money isn't so efficient. This is the pace of flying to America, opening the hatch, and throwing money! "

Everyone looked horrified, except for Li Mu, who said calmly, "The most important prize is that the top two hundred contestants will be given a free ten-day tour to Huaxia. We will pay for the charter flight, accommodation and food in a five-star hotel, and a special car and plane to pick them up. The standard price per person is more than ten thousand US dollars. We will arrange their itinerary in Huaxia to let them enjoy the great rivers and mountains of our country."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu added meaningfully, "Inviting two hundred people to travel to Hua Xia, and the cost per person is more than 10,000 USD. This is a big move that will make all players dumbfounded. From the publicity period, it will be enough to attract attention. Not to mention, when the process of these two hundred people enjoying a luxurious trip to Hua Xia is recorded, it will give the audience a visual impact and shock. Coupled with enough publicity and exposure, it will definitely be able to show the rich and excellent tourism resources of Hua Xia to the entire gaming community, and even to America and the whole world. It is equivalent to making a huge live advertisement for our tourism industry in Hua Xia."

When everyone heard this, they were basically infatuated.

At this moment, Li Mu smiled and said, "We will fork out money to find a famous director and a famous team to make a short promotional video for Hua Xia's tourism resources. We will use the best method to show the uniqueness of our Hua Xia's scenery in the shortest time possible. What is the Great Wall, which is the Terracotta Warriors of Qin Mausoleum, which five mountains are the five mountains, how beautiful Mount Huangshan is, how magnificent Zhangjiajie is, how beautiful Guilin is, how majestic Potala Palace is … Once the promotional video is made, we will play it on loop in the game to arouse the yearning of Americans and even all foreigners for Hua Xia. It will also be considered our contribution to the country's economy!"

The reason why Li Mu could get the full support of the government could be seen from this point.

He did business to make money, but he definitely did not only think about making money. Whether it was the overall development of the industry, the promotion of positive social energy, the promotion of charity, or even winning glory for the country, they were all important matters that he paid great attention to. Moreover, all this while, Li Mu had been doing his best to promote these things that were beneficial to the country and the people.

Now, Li Mu could even think of how to promote Hua Xia's scenery on the world stage through the promotion of the game. This in itself was a manifestation of his social responsibility. Spending money to invite two hundred people to Hua Xia for a tour was such a big move. Together with the promotion of the gaming platform, YY platform, and various media outlets around the world, it was definitely a rare opportunity for Hua Xia's tourism resources to be displayed on the world stage. If it was done properly, the practical significance would be immeasurable!

…