Chapter 1817

With the release of the first rendering, the entire design team finally realized what an outstanding product design they had made.

The Land Rover Aurora was one of the few car models that had a very long aesthetic span. This car could be very stunning in the first few years, and it could still be very good-looking in the next few years. Even after a few years, it was still one of the more good-looking models. Even before Li Mu's rebirth, the Aurora had been on the market for a long time, and people were already used to it, so they still felt that this car was indeed very good-looking.

Such a design was almost a crushing existence in today's world. Compared to it, the current Volvo's car design team could simply be sent to Siberia to grow potatoes.

Aleksandar Vikander only knew who the father was after seeing the renderings of the real thing.

He was almost amazed by this car model, and the slippery style that he had sneered at before had become the finishing touch in his eyes.

So the whole team seemed to be on steroids. Then, in the following time, they carried out more detailed design work according to Li Mu's requirements.

A few days later.

The full set of renderings of Muye Automobile Group's first car was finally announced to be completed.

The entire design team worked at full speed and produced nearly a hundred renderings. Among them, there were twenty renderings of the exterior from various angles, twenty of the interior controls, and the rest of them were the interior seats, spatial layout, and various small details.

This medium-sized SUV was named Muino Aurora, or MUYE-Aurora in English.

In addition to the exterior design of the Land Rover Aurora, the interior of the Muye Aurora was completely abandoned. Instead, the interior of the Land Rover was moved in with the interior of the Benz family.

In addition to the classic Benz style, the central control was also designed with a seven-inch LCD screen. However, this screen was still in the imagination stage and needed to be specifically developed.

Although most of the current models did not have an LCD central control screen, it did not mean that the current level of technology could not meet this requirement.

In fact, the screen was very simple. A seven-inch LCD screen was not technically difficult. Applying it to a car was nothing more than improving the adaptability of the original screen in high and low temperature conditions.

In fact, the LCD screen was not the most important thing. The most important thing was to adapt to a complete car engine system.

To put it simply, the system should at least support various car conditions, such as the air conditioning status, mode status, audio adjustment, and other functions. Then, it should cooperate with the user to adjust the car condition and provide simple entertainment functions.

At the very least, it should provide radio, MP3, and CD playback functions.

If he wanted to make it more powerful, he could combine the map and navigation functions of the Keyhole to achieve car navigation, and add a Bluetooth module to achieve Bluetooth phone and Bluetooth music.

If he wanted more functions, he would have to wait until the smartphone system was developed.

Li Mu didn't have a ready-made car system to use, and the systems available on the market were completely unappealing to him. Therefore, he handed the design and development of this set of products to Apple and Makino Technology.

Apple's team was responsible for developing software support for the entire system, including human-computer interaction and experience optimization.

The hardware laboratory of Makino Technology was responsible for finding the most suitable hardware on the market to solve the whole set of solutions.

Hearing that Li Mu wanted to install a 7-inch LCD screen in the car, all the technicians expressed strong opposition.

There were a few points of opposition:

First, the cost was too high;

Second, it wasn't stable;

Third, it wasn't necessary.

Li Mu gave those Swedish guys a good scolding.

What's the big deal about the high cost?

These people didn't know that this configuration might only cost 1,000 yuan during production, but consumers would have to spend at least 3,000 yuan to modify it later on.

Therefore, if you sold it to him for 1,500 yuan or 2,000 yuan, he wouldn't know how happy he would be. At most, he would come up with two sets of solutions. The beggar version didn't have an LCD screen, but the mid-range and above models were equipped with an LCD screen by default.

In Li Mu's view, the people in the industry who thought that consumers wouldn't pay for an LCD screen were basically idiots in the car industry. In a few years, the market would press their faces against the exposed concrete floor and repeatedly rub them against it, then give them a concussion.

As for the words of instability, Li Mu had heard more of them.

When people talked about why the car couldn't have a screen, why couldn't they add this, or that, there were always people in the industry who said that the car's operating conditions were harsh, often dozens of degrees below zero, dozens of degrees above zero, and many electronic products couldn't be used directly in the car.

This kind of theory was basically no different from fart.

The reason why they said this was because they were lazy. Mobile phones could be used at -30 degrees, why would a car screen be useless at -30 degrees?

A mobile phone screen was much more complicated than a car's central control screen, right?

They could solve the operating conditions of the LCD screen just by using a little bit of brain power. Therefore, these people were simply the dumbest of the dumbest.

As for those who said that it wasn't necessary, it was also standard lazy thinking.

They felt that the car manufacturers all over the world only gave their customers a crappy radio, why should they go through the trouble to give them an LCD screen?

Wasn't the radio good?

Wasn't the tape recorder good?

Wasn't the CD player good?

In the end, after Tesla directly put a screen bigger than an iPad in the car, all the car manufacturers suddenly realized, oh, it turned out that the things that they thought were good were actually smelly dog sh * t, and the central control LCD screen was actually so important.

Therefore, no matter what industry it was, the leader would always be rejected by others, and even ridiculed by those who thought that they were infallible.

As the saying goes, summer insects cannot talk about ice. These people were the kind of people who would not shed a tear until they saw the coffin. For them, only when they saw the general trend of the times would they suddenly understand.

Volvo's production line was still being assembled and debugged, and it was estimated that it would be officially put into production at the beginning of next year.

However, the prototype did not need to wait for the production line to be completed, and the production department could first organize the trial production department to carry out. After all, many of the technologies were universal, and they could directly transplant it from the Volvo platform, then paste a MUYE logo on it, and it would be completed. For example, some Skoda engines were even installed with a Volkswagen logo, and then the original Volkswagen logo was pasted on the engine with a Skoda logo.

Li Mu planned to use Volvo's technology to produce the Muye Aurora prototype. First, the prototype would be produced by hand as a concept car, then road testing would begin.

Generally, after the prototype was produced, it would be tested and modified at the same time. Just in time for this car to be tested and finalized, the production line would also be basically completed, and then they could directly start production!