Chapter 1380

Just like when they came to Yanjing, when Chen Wan and He Lu left, Li Mu arranged for a business jet in advance and personally sent them to the airport.

When Chen Wan left, there was a thousand reluctance in her eyes, but because there was He Lu by her side, she could only gently hug Li Mu like a friend and say goodbye. Then, she boarded the plane behind He Lu, looking back every step.

When the plane was lined up to take off, He Lu looked at the copy in his hand and said to Chen Wan, "Teacher Chen, I really don't know how to thank you for this …"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "How can I take credit for this? Teacher He, if you want to thank someone, you should thank Li Mu."

He Lu said seriously, "Li Zong gave me this program mostly because of you, so I have to thank you. Of course, I am also very grateful to Li Zong."

He Lu's position among the male hosts was not as high as Chen Wan's position among the female hosts. When Chen Wan first came to Xiangnan Satellite TV, she had Li Mu's behind-the-scenes help and a large number of resources. Coupled with Chen Wan's outstanding appearance and extraordinary temperament, she quickly rose to the top among the female entertainment hosts. But compared to other first-line male hosts, his advantage was not obvious enough. If he really wanted to stand out like Chen Wan, he still had many years to go.

He Lu's own characteristics were destined to not be the kind of person who would become famous overnight. He must go through a long enough period of precipitation and accumulation, and finally, he would have a good foundation and climb to the peak in the middle and late stages. But the current He Lu had obviously not reached this stage yet.

In fact, he was not the only host like He Lu. The future Wang Han's overall routine was similar to his. They were both well-prepared and powerful. In addition to him, other satellite TV also had this type of talent. So, if He Lu was given a few years, he could become one of the best domestic male entertainment hosts, but not the best one. He Lu was also very clear about his current situation and future.

If he wanted to stand out, he must borrow strength. Otherwise, he could only develop step by step and accumulate strength little by little. While he was accumulating strength, others were also doing the same. In the end, there would always be someone who could compete with him. Therefore, Li Mu was He Lu's next best opportunity to borrow strength. If he succeeded, he would soar to the sky and no longer have to worry about those people who were constantly accumulating strength posing a threat to him. Chen Wan had not been in the industry for a long time.

Her status and fame had gone up, but her experience was still lacking. She did not feel that she had brought much good fortune to He Lu. She said very modestly, "Teacher He, you are too polite. It doesn't matter whether Li Mu gave me face in this matter or not. We are partners on stage and friends off stage. I haven't been in Xiangnan Satellite TV for a long time, and thanks to you for taking care of me, so there is no need to be so polite between the two of us."

He Lu nodded, but he was a little more grateful to Chen Wan.

… …

As soon as Chen Wan and He Lu got off the plane, they rushed back to the station. The two needed to report to the station and report some of the situation at the party in Yanjing. This was the routine process of the station. He Lu needed to touch the script of "Life Longing for" given by Li Mu with the leader of the station. After the leader of the station heard it on the phone, he had been waiting with joy.

Xiangnan Satellite TV has long given itself a clear position. For them, in the advanced TV media market, entertainment is bound to be the final market space and potential direction. And if the TV station wants to improve entertainment, the best entry point is TV series and variety shows. Especially after the success of "Happy Camp", Xiangnan Satellite TV especially hopes to be able to blossom and bear fruit in variety shows. It is suffering from the lack of a good program model, and Li Mu extended a helping hand …

Li Mu, who was in Yanjing, did not know the process of discussion among the leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV. However, at eight o 'clock in the evening, he received a call from the boss of Xiangnan Satellite TV in person. The other party told him very excitedly that Xiangnan Satellite TV was looking forward to cooperating with Li Mu, and they were willing to accept the cooperation model proposed by Li Mu.

The copyright of "Life Longing for" naturally belongs to Makino Image. The production budget for the first season of the program is 30 million yuan, including hardware, labor and guest appearance fees. Makino Image bears 50% of all production costs, and Xiangnan Satellite TV bears the other 50%. Both sides shall not outsource to other companies, nor shall they sell their shares to other companies;

At the same time, the exclusive TV broadcasting rights for the first season of "Life Longing for" belong to Xiangnan Satellite TV, the Internet broadcasting rights belong to Makino Image, and the income from the title advertisement and sponsors of the program are divided in a 50: 50 model.

The pre-and post-production teams are in charge of Xiangnan Satellite TV, and all costs are normally paid from the production budget;

Subsequently, Li Mu arranged for a special person to determine the specific details of cooperation with Xiangnan Satellite TV. The negotiations between the two sides were very smooth, and the key points were soon set. Among them:

The first season of "Life Longing for" was determined to be a 12 + 1 model;

The program will immediately start site selection and preparation work, and is expected to start shooting in the middle or late May;

Advertising and investment promotion will be carried out simultaneously with the launch of the program, and public bidding will be used to attract enterprises to bid;

The shooting rhythm is: the guests will first concentrate on shooting four episodes, and then broadcast it in the summer slot on July 1 for a period of three months. The program will be broadcast at 8: 30 p.m. every Friday, and the original time slot of "Appointment of Rose" will be postponed.

The temporary guests of the first four episodes are: Du Wei, Chen Wan, Li Mu, simple plan. Of course, their own program and their own artists must support them. This is the real meaning of keeping the fertile water in one's own field.

Xiangnan Satellite TV's work efficiency is indeed very high. After the cooperation was finalized, before the capital contribution of Makino Image arrived, they immediately organized an advance team to Yanjing to look for a suitable filming location with the staff of Makino Image.

The site selection is completely in accordance with Li Mu's requirements. It must be a village with beautiful scenery and not so densely populated, and it must be near mountains and rivers;

When the advance team drove into the vicinity of the Yanshan Mountain Range in the north of Yanjing, Li Mu's energy has already been drawn away from the program. He is like a recyclable booster designed by Elon Musk later. After putting the satellite into orbit, he still has other tasks to do.

…

After several days of development, the latest version of "Plants vs. Zombies Online" has been fully developed and has passed the internal testing.

This version of "Plants vs. Zombies Online" has undergone a lot of changes. Not only has the gameplay been upgraded to increase the variety of dungeons, but more importantly, it has undergone a brand new visual design, incorporating a large number of Hua Xia elements.

First of all, the main battlefield of "Plants vs. Zombies" has been changed from a single ordinary courtyard to a new map template. This map template is a typical Chinese courtyard, drawing inspiration from the back garden of the courtyard. The zombies are going to attack the Chinese house on the left side of the back garden. The curved and rising eaves are hung with red Chinese lanterns. There are also Suhang garden-style low walls above, as well as patches of green bamboos with Chinese ink murals. It looks very elegant.

In addition, there are also a few plants unique to Hua Xia, such as rice and corn.

Rice is a traditional crop of the people of Hua Xia, and is still the most popular staple food of the people of Hua Xia. In the game, the curved ears of rice can be used to attack a large area, just like a shotgun. It can attack enemies in two directions. This setting is to differentiate it from the three peashooters. In comparison, its attack speed is faster, but its attack power is slightly lower, and its single attack efficiency is slightly higher than the three peashooters.

The next upgrade to rice is the super rice, which is the hybrid rice cultivated by the agricultural expert, Yuan Longping. The super rice increases the attack power of rice, and also has a certain speed reduction effect.

Corn is also one of the traditional crops of the people of Hua Xia. In the game, it is developed as an anti-air weapon. Since the game has the setting of flying zombies, the corn can attack a single target in the sky after its cooldown. When it attacks, it will appear angry and brave, and then shoot all the corn in one shot.

The attack range of the corn is not limited by the row. In other words, no matter where it is planted, as long as there are zombies flying, it can immediately attack. It exists as a pure anti-air weapon.

The corn also has an upgraded form, Crazy Corn. The plant is bigger, and the attack power is stronger, but there are no additional functions. However, as an anti-air weapon, it will have a high chance of appearing in front of the players in the future.

Not only did the game's scenery and plant species have been upgraded, but the biggest upgrade is the appearance of the zombies in the game.

The original Western "zombies" will only appear in the original map, and the Chinese-style map will all be matched with the cartoon image of Hua Xia zombies.

There are many types of zombies. The most basic is the zombie wearing the blue official uniform of the Qing Dynasty, without a flower feather on its head. The zombie's arms are in front of it, and with a step and a jump, it goes in front of the plant and bites down. Its attack power is the same as the original normal zombies.

After another upgrade, it will be the zombie wearing the blue official uniform of the Qing Dynasty, with a flower feather on its head. Its attack power and HP will increase.

After another upgrade, it will be the zombie wearing the blue official uniform of the Qing Dynasty, with a flower feather on its head, and its hands holding a coffin lid.

Further up, it will be the zombie holding the stone tombstone.

Further up, it will be the female zombie wearing an official robe and a laurel crown, looking like a queen.

Further up, it will be the male zombie wearing a dragon robe and a crown, looking like an emperor.

There are also zombies wearing robes that can jump in the air, zombies that can fly, white-haired zombies, green-haired zombies, black-haired zombies, and Hiderigami.

These images of Hua Xia folklore are all cartoonish, and the overall design is very interesting. Except for the white-haired, green-haired, black-haired, and Hiderigami, the other zombies are very cute. They have a yellow talisman on their forehead, and their images are vivid and colorful. They are much better looking than the original Western zombies.