Chapter 1020

On the campus of Harvard, the 19-year-old Mark Zuckerberg was not eye-catching.

Reading books · 1 kans · 1 book ·

Although Mark Zuckerberg had some achievements in programming long before he entered Harvard, and he was favored by a big company like Microsoft, in a university that pursued individuality, a guy like him was not popular at all.

Mark Zuckerberg was one of the "freaks" and "nerds" on Harvard campus. Most girls would not be interested in such a guy. They liked handsome guys, rich second generations, strong members of the school football team, and members of the campus band. There was a big gap between these popular guys and Mark Zuckerberg.

Like all universities, the boys on Harvard campus liked blonde, blue-eyed, and tall hot girls. Whether it was the popular Casanova or the nerds like Mark Zuckerberg, they paid special attention to every hot girl in the school.

Nerds like Mark Zuckerberg, whenever they got together in private, they talked about the prettier girls on campus the most.

One day, when Mark Zuckerberg returned to the dormitory from the library, his roommate, Dustin Moskovitz, was concentrating on something in front of the computer. Mark Zuckerberg asked Dustin Moskovitz curiously, "Dustin, what are you doing?

Didn't you go to the library today? "

"I didn't go to the library."

Dustin Moskovitz said without raising his head, "I found something more interesting."

Mark Zuckerberg curled his lips, dropped his schoolbag, sat on his bed and stretched himself. He said with a slightly melancholy expression, "I didn't see Fiona in the library today. She usually stays in the library for an hour every night."

Dustin Moskovitz laughed and said, "Forget it, Fiona is the most beautiful girl in the whole undergraduate department. Her pursuers can line up around Harvard. It is said that she already has a boyfriend, and his family is very powerful. His parents are members of the Freemasonry. I advise you to change to a more realistic target."

Mark Zuckerberg was used to being hit by Dustin Moskovitz, so he didn't care. He just smiled helplessly and said, "I'm not thinking of pursuing Fiona. I just want to see her a few more times."

Mark Zuckerberg glanced at Dustin Moskowitz's computer screen and asked in surprise, "Dustin, what game are you playing?

It looks like a cartoon.

One Reading Book · 1 · "

"F * ck."

Dustin Moskovitz came back to his senses and blurted out, "I forgot to tell you, this game is very good and very fun!"

Mark Zuckerberg said uninterestedly, "I have no interest in games."

Then Mark Zuckerberg said, "By the way, Dustin, I want to make a website for showcasing and voting beauties. We can add all the beauties in Harvard and let everyone comment and vote. I believe it will be very fun. Are you interested?"

Dustin Moskovitz shook his head. "Come on, Mark. Even if you make ten websites, Fiona won't look at you. I advise you to play this game. My goddess Monica is also there. I just went to her farm and stole her Apple. Haha, I don't know if Monica will remember me more after she sees the system prompt saying that Dustin Moskovitz stole her Apple."

Mark Zuckerberg asked curiously, "Steal Apple?

Are you playing a game to steal Apple?

Is there anyone who would develop such a boring game? "

Dustin Moskovitz said, "Hey, buddy, a game that can catch my eye is certainly not as simple as stealing Apple. The structure of this game is very large, but I just started playing, so my level is not high enough. Many functions have not been activated yet."

Dustin Moskovitz added, "By the way, many people in school are playing this game now!

I already have more than fifty friends here, all from Harvard. "

Mark Zuckerberg was still not interested. He curled his lips and picked up a programming book from the bedside table to read.

At this time, a cell phone rang. Dustin Moskovitz's old Nokia phone rang. He picked up the phone and pressed the answer button. He asked unhappily, "Who is it?"

"Dustin Moskovitz, how dare you steal my Apple!!!"

Dustin Moskovitz was shocked by the roar on the phone. His heart suddenly rippled. He thought excitedly, Oh my god, it's my goddess Monica!

Although she was my classmate, I had only spoken to her a few times. I was already very lucky to be able to add her as a friend in the game. I didn't expect her to call me. She actually had my phone number. Oh my god, what kind of bullshit luck do I have …?

Dustin Moskovitz was so excited that he didn't even know how to reply. Monica on the other end of the phone got even angrier when he didn't respond. She blurted out, "Dustin, I'll give you two choices. Either you let me steal from your farm three times, oh no, five times!

Or I'll delete you from my friend list and never talk to you again! "

Dustin Moskovitz came back to his senses and said hurriedly, "Monica, let alone five times, I'll satisfy you even if it's fifty times!"

Monica didn't understand the hidden meaning in his words, but she was very satisfied with his attitude. Her anger immediately subsided and she said, "Okay!

From now on, whenever your crops are ripe, you have to inform me ten minutes in advance so that I can steal them from you. This is my phone number. Other than the time between 12 o 'clock at night and 6 o' clock in the morning, as long as your crops are almost ripe, text me! "

"No problem!

Leave it to me! "The excited Dustin Moskovitz agreed without hesitation.

Monica was satisfied, and said, "Fifty times, don't forget!"

After that, Monica hung up the phone.

The phone had already been hung up by Monica, but Dustin Moskovitz was still sitting in front of the computer with excitement. Mark Zuckerberg asked curiously, "Was it Monica who called you just now???"

"Yeah, bro!" Dustin Moskovitz turned his head and said with a face full of ecstasy, "It was Monica!

I never dreamed that she would take the initiative to call me! "

Mark Zuckerberg asked again, "You just told her that you would satisfy her even if it's fifty times. Won't she be angry with you for teasing her so directly?"

Dustin Moskovitz smiled mischievously and said, "Buddy, I say you should really try the game 'Paradise Town'. Maybe your goddess, the campus belle, Fiona is playing it too. You can go to her farm and steal her crops. You can also fertilize, water, weed, kill insects, and even chat with her privately!"

Mark Zuckerberg was a little interested, but he still shook his head and said, "Fiona is a straight-A student. She won't be addicted to this kind of game."

After saying that, Dustin Moskovitz suddenly received a friend request notification in the game. After double-clicking it, he was immediately stunned by the notification!

"Hello, I'm Fiona Gilbert. I hope to be your friend in the game!"

Dustin Moskovitz looked at the message in front of the computer and was so excited that he was incoherent, "Mark!

Mark!

Look, your goddess Fiona took the initiative to add me in the game!!! "

…

At this time, in a girl's dormitory in Harvard, Fiona Gilbert, who was known as the campus belle, was in front of the computer, adding friends like crazy. Because of her strong influence in the school, there were many people who wanted to add her as a friend. In just one day, the number of friends had reached nearly four hundred. However, Fiona was still not satisfied. She was still actively adding friends everywhere, hoping to quickly increase the number of friends to a thousand.

The reason why Fiona was so crazy about adding friends was that the promotion company of 'Paradise Town' had given her a very tempting price. As long as she added one more friend in the game, the game company would pay her a reward of two dollars. If she added a thousand friends, the game company would increase the price from two dollars to three dollars. In that case, she would have an income of three thousand dollars.

In addition, if her friends visited her farm once, she could get ten cents. It seemed to be a small amount, but if she had a thousand friends, and each of them visited her farm once a day, she could get a hundred dollars. If she continued to do this for a month, she would have an income of three thousand dollars!

Fiona's family was ordinary, and she did not get a full scholarship when she went to Harvard. In addition to paying part of her tuition, her family also had to pay for her living expenses. Although she could afford it, Fiona felt very guilty. Moreover, she loved art. Her biggest dream now was to be able to visit several cities with a long history and culture in Europe. It just so happened that the operation team of 'Paradise Town' found her and offered her such a generous reward. They even paid two thousand dollars in advance. So, Fiona was particularly invested, hoping to make more money through this game. On the one hand, she could solve her living expenses and support herself; on the other hand, she could accumulate some savings to prepare for the vacation to Europe.

When Mark Zuckerberg heard that his goddess Fiona took the initiative to add his roommate, Dustin Moskovitz, as a friend in the game, he felt incredulous. He hurriedly jumped out of bed and rushed to Dustin Moskovitz's computer. He asked in surprise, "Is it really Fiona?"

"Yes!

See for yourself! "

Dustin Moskovitz pointed to Fiona's game profile picture. It was an extremely beautiful blonde beauty. It was a picture of Fiona herself.

Mark Zuckerberg did not believe it. He said, "How do you know if someone else used her name to fool you?!"

Dustin Moskovitz pointed to a small golden badge next to Fiona's profile picture and said, "Do you see this logo?

It means that the identity of this user has been verified by the officials. It is indeed Fiona herself! "

When Mark Zuckerberg heard this, he suddenly widened his eyes in excitement. He blurted out, "Dustin, what is this game called?

I want to be next! "

…