Chapter 822

To Li Mu and Chen Yuan, 250 grams of baijiu only made them slightly tipsy.

Chen Yuan was in a good mood that night and wanted to drink a little more, but Chen Wan stopped him.

Chen Yuan felt that it wasn't enough, but Chen Wan said that Li Mu was too busy with work and couldn't drink too much. Moreover, they still had to discuss business at Wanying Real Estate the next day.

Li Mu said, "Uncle, let's call it a day. I hope we have a long term working relationship in the future. There's plenty of time in the future, and if there's a chance, I'll drink with you again!"

Chen Yuan nodded, "Okay, okay, okay. We'll drink another day. There'll be plenty of opportunities in the future anyway!"

Li Mu saw that it was getting late, so he said, "How about this, I'll let Xiaowan drive you back to the hotel, and then I'll have to trouble her to drive me back home."

Chen Yuan naturally didn't have any objections, and so did Chen Wan, so the three of them left the restaurant. Just as Li Mu was about to give the car keys to Chen Wan, Wang Yuanlang suddenly called. As soon as Li Mu picked up, he asked, "Li Zong drank, right?

Do you want me to drive for you? "

Li Mu thought that if he let Chen Wan drive, she would have to drive back by herself in the end, and he would still be a little worried. If he let Wang Yuanlang drive, he could at least send her home first, so he said, "Okay, you drive."

With that, Li Mu hung up and said to Chen Wan, "Someone will drive for me. I'll drive you back after we're done with uncle."

Chen Wan nodded. She didn't have any objections to Li Mu's arrangements most of the time.

Wang Yuanlang quickly appeared out of nowhere, and Li Mu didn't even know where their car was parked. Professional bodyguards were awesome, so awesome that their employers usually couldn't find them. If there were any hidden enemies, they probably wouldn't even notice their existence.

Li Mu didn't talk much with Wang Yuanlang. He gave him the car key and he immediately started the car. Li Mu said to Chen Yuan and Chen Wan, "Uncle, Xiaowan, you two sit in the back."

Chen Yuan and Chen Wan sat in the backseat, while Li Mu sat in the front passenger seat. Wang Yuanlang silently drove the car extremely steadily. The car drove all the way to the hotel that Chen Yuan was staying at. When they got out of the car, Chen Yuan thanked Li Mu profusely from the backseat. Only then did he get out of the car, wave his hand, and turn around to enter the hotel. Li Mu then told Wang Yuanlang Chen Wan's address. Later on, although Li Mu kept trying to find topics to talk about with Chen Wan, Chen Wan, who sat alone in the backseat, didn't say much.

Li Mu felt that Chen Wan's mood wasn't right. He wanted to ask, but he swallowed the words back time and again. Although Wang Yuanlang was very trustworthy, with him around, Li Mu still didn't show too much concern for Chen Wan.

Chen Wan, who sat in the backseat, was especially depressed. No matter how old a woman was, they were more emotional than a man when it came to relationships. Sometimes, once they got into a dead end, it would be hard to get out without help.

She felt that Li Mu was indirectly making it up to her by helping her father. At this moment, sitting alone in the backseat, Li Mu should be able to clearly feel that her mood wasn't right, but he didn't say a word. This made her even more worried. Was this dinner equivalent to completing a mission for Li Mu?

After he used his special way to make it up to her, was he going to completely ignore her feelings for him in the future?

If you loved someone deeply, it wouldn't be a setback if you didn't receive a positive response. What you were afraid of was receiving a negative response from the other person, or the other person going in a big circle and using all kinds of different methods to tell you: "I'm sorry, I don't love you."

Rather than that, it would be more straightforward to just directly say: "I don't love you."

The car quickly drove through the brightly lit Yan Jing city. Chen Wan leaned against the window and looked out. She didn't blink and didn't say a word.

Under Li Mu's direction, Wang Yuanlang drove the car directly to the basement of Chen Wan's house. When it stopped in front of Chen Wan's unit, Chen Wan came back to her senses and said to Li Mu: "I'll go up first. Text me when you get there."

Li Mu sensed that her mood wasn't right and said without hesitation: "I'll send you up."

Chen Wan was slightly startled, but she still lightly nodded and said: "Okay."

Chen Wan pushed open the car door and got out first. Li Mu unbuckled his seat belt and said to Wang Yuanlang: "Brother Wang, wait a moment for me."

Wang Yuanlang nodded. Li Mu had already pushed open the door and got out. He walked side by side with Chen Wan to the elevator.

As soon as they entered the elevator, Li Mu asked Chen Wan: "What's wrong?

You don't seem to be in a good mood. "

Chen Wan didn't say anything. She only pursed her lips and her two slightly red eyes roamed around Li Mu's face.

Li Mu hurriedly asked her: "What's wrong?

Did something make you unhappy? "

Chen Wan avoided Li Mu's questioning gaze and said: "No, I'm just a little tired."

Li Mu shook his head: "You're not telling the truth."

Chen Wan lowered her head and looked at her toes. She lightly bit her lower lip and didn't say anything.

At this moment, the elevator slowed down and the door opened with a ding. Chen Wan took out her keys and walked out with her head down. Li Mu didn't hesitate and hurriedly followed. He had to figure out what was wrong with this lady. She was fine, but her mood suddenly changed. Tonight, he was so enthusiastic and sincere to give so many benefits to Chen Yuan. Wasn't it to let this lady know how much he valued her?

Why did this lady suddenly get upset for no reason?

At this moment, Chen Wan wasn't actually upset, but her heart was really uncomfortable. She didn't think that Li Mu would send her up. In the elevator, she had the urge to ask Li Mu several times about what was going on. She wanted to ask him what he was thinking. She wanted to know if it was because she liked him that she caused him trouble or made him feel that he owed her. However, they were in the elevator after all, so it wasn't very appropriate. Since it was like this, she would ask him after entering the room. If she didn't get to the bottom of it, she was afraid that she wouldn't even be able to sleep.

Chen Wan opened the door and walked in. Li Mu also followed closely. As soon as they entered the room and closed the door, the room was completely dark.

Li Mu was still wondering why Chen Wan didn't turn on the lights. Then, he felt a hot body suddenly jump into his arms and hug him tightly.

Li Mu was a little overwhelmed by Chen Wan's sudden hug. Just as he didn't know how to respond, he suddenly felt a pain on his shoulder. Chen Wan actually stood on her tiptoes and bit him on his shoulder.

This bite made Li Mu understand in his heart that the reason why Chen Wan was unhappy must have something to do with him.

Just as he was about to ask for an explanation, Chen Wan softly spoke in his ear. Her voice carried a hint of sobbing as she said with incomparable emotion, "Bad boy, I love you. I love you very, very much. I am willing to be by your side in any way I can. Even if you never love me, I will always love you. But if my love makes you feel troubled, I will restrain my feelings for you and not make things difficult for you. But you must tell me. Don't give me the false impression that there will be a day when you will give me positive feedback."

The sudden confession made Li Mu feel both surprised and distressed. He didn't know how he had caused Chen Wan to misunderstand, but he knew in his heart that Chen Wan's love for him had never made him feel troubled. Thus, he gently embraced Chen Wan, one hand gently caressing her waist, the other gently patting her back. He said with exceptional firmness, "What are you foolishly thinking about?

When did I say that you love me make me feel troubled?

It's my honor to have such a good woman like you fall in love with me. I can't wait to show off, so why would I make things difficult for you? "

Chen Wan raised her head. Using the especially dim and hazy light, she looked at Li Mu, who only had an outline of his facial features. She asked him with half joy and half worry, "You treated my dad to a meal today, and the things you promised him. Are they a kind of compensation to me?

When I was eating, I had a feeling that after you helped my dad, you would gradually distance yourself from me and not treat me the way you used to. "

Chen Wan couldn't see Li Mu's facial features clearly when she raised her head, but when Li Mu lowered his head, he could clearly see the light reflected in her eyes. It was as if he could see the flickering tears in her eyes, as well as the deep feelings that flowed like water.

His heart tightened, and an uncontrollable wave of affection instantly welled up in his heart. Li Mu said, "Your intuition isn't wrong at all. Why would I distance myself from you?

The road ahead is so long, and I only want to walk closer and closer to you. I never thought about walking further and further away from you. "

Chen Wan's eyes flashed with a hint of light. She tiptoed closer and asked him, "Really?"

Li Mu nodded his head forcefully and said, "Of course it's true. Not only do I have a place in your heart, but I've always had you in my heart. Can't you feel how important you've been to me for such a long time?"

Chen Wan said, "I can feel it. I can feel that you value me. I can feel that you've always done your best to help me, but I've never felt that you …"

When Chen Wan said this, her entire person became a bit more dispirited. Her tiptoed heels slowly fell back down, and her raised face slowly drooped down. She once again sank into silence.

Li Mu asked her, "You've never felt anything about me?"

Chen Wan put her head on Li Mu's chest and didn't speak. Li Mu couldn't see her expression.

Li Mu sighed softly, hugged her tightly with both hands, and said affectionately, "You're afraid that I'll help my uncle in order to alienate you with a clear conscience; you're afraid that I'll alienate you because your love has troubled me.

But do you know that the reason why I let you go to Xiangnan Satellite TV, the reason why I used all kinds of resources at hand to push you to the position of first-line host, and the reason why I took the initiative to give my uncle the real estate project in Yanjing, is all because I have you in my heart all the time, and I always want you to live a better life, go further, and stand higher.

Do you know what's the root cause that pushed me to do all this? "

Chen Wan raised her head again. "What's the reason?"

Li Mu said the three words that Chen Wan had been dreaming of with great seriousness.

I love you.

At this moment, Chen Wan covered her mouth with great surprise. She didn't say a word and smiled with tears.