Chapter 735

Shanghai Development Bank.

The person who followed up the Juncheng Real Estate project was a vice president of the Shanghai Development Bank's Shanghai branch. His name was Zhang Weibin. Before Wei Jun's accident, he had a close relationship with him. The loans for the three plots of land in Juncheng Real Estate were all approved by him.

With his level, if he really wanted to help Juncheng Real Estate, a loan of three billion yuan was not a big deal at all. He had many ways to manipulate this loan and make the bank not chase after Juncheng Real Estate for the time being to fulfill the debt. After all, he had a stronger say in the bank. This kind of thing could be handled within the bank.

However, as soon as Wei Jun had an accident, the Lanke Group immediately got in touch with Zhang Weibin. Then, Zhang Weibin immediately disregarded their many years of friendship. After Wei Jun fled the country, he immediately gave Wei Lan a stern warning, demanding that Juncheng Real Estate must repay the debt on time. Otherwise, the bank would apply to the court to fulfill the debt.

It could be said that Zhang Weibin was also an indispensable part of the people who almost forced Wei Lan into despair.

In the afternoon, Zhang Weibin was in his office when he received a call from Wei Lan. This surprised him because he had also heard about the matter between Wei Lan and Wanying Real Estate. He knew that Wei Lan had nothing to do with Juncheng Real Estate now. He didn't know why she still called him.

After picking up the phone, Zhang Weibin said with a smile, "Oh, Wei Lan, you haven't contacted me for a long time. I heard that you recently transferred the shares of Juncheng Real Estate?"

"Yes."

Wei Lan replied perfunctorily, then said, "I'm calling to inform you that the CEO of Wan Ying Real Estate, Mr. Song Liang, will be coming to your bank to discuss the creditor relationship between Jun Cheng Real Estate and your bank. It would be best if you have the time, but if you don't, you can arrange for a staff member with authority to communicate with him."

Zhang Weibin laughed and said, "Wei Lan, you are comfortable now. Juncheng Real Estate has been thrown out of this mess. You don't have to worry about it anymore. However, this has caused Wanying Real Estate to be in trouble. If we apply to the court for enforcement and Juncheng Real Estate becomes insolvent in the end, Wanying Real Estate, as a 100% shareholder, will have to bear the responsibility."

Zhang Weibin knew very well that the Lanke Group had long been prepared to take over. Once the debt period was up, the bank would apply for enforcement, and the assets of Juncheng Real Estate would be auctioned off. Moreover, it would be an "auction" that went through a special process.

Under this kind of process, Juncheng Real Estate, which was worth more than five billion yuan, could only be auctioned for three billion yuan. It was equivalent to the Lanke Group paying the debt of Juncheng Real Estate, and Juncheng Real Estate would become his property. As the bank, as long as the loan was recovered, he would not have any other requests.

Now that Juncheng Real Estate had unexpectedly fallen into the hands of Wanying Group, the Lanke Group would definitely make things difficult for them. Perhaps before Wanying Group could intervene, Juncheng Real Estate's debt would be sold for less than three billion. At that time, not only would Wanying Group have to spit out all of Juncheng Real Estate's assets, but if Juncheng Real Estate became insolvent, it would also have to take responsibility and fill in the loophole.

Wei Lan felt disgusted. At this time, Zhang Weibin still showed the face of a dog slave of the Lanke Group, which really made her angry. However, Wei Lan did not get angry. Instead, she deliberately provoked him and said, "Zhang Weibin, you don't have to talk to me about this. I'm too lazy to listen to your nonsense. Juncheng Real Estate has nothing to do with me now. If you have anything to say, you can talk to Manager Song of Wanying Group later!"

When Zhang Weibin heard this, he was really annoyed. He thought to himself, "You shameless woman, you think you're awesome just because you have a thigh?

Okay, I'll wait to meet the people of Wanying Real Estate and let them know how much risk and loss they have to face to help you. "

Therefore, Zhang Weibin sneered and said, "Great, Wei Lan. Now you have a thigh and you have an indifferent attitude. Your face changes really fast!

Okay, I'll wait for that Manager Song at the bank. However, I have something to tell you in advance. Although the ownership of Juncheng Real Estate is in the hands of Wanying Group, the debt is still with our bank. You tell that Manager Song that if she wants to save Juncheng Real Estate, she has to talk with money. Otherwise, it's useless to beg me. "

Wei Lan said faintly, "Then you just wait."

After that, she hung up the phone and said to Li Mu next to her with hatred, "I can't wait to see his face when he faces three billion in cash!"

Li Mu, who was sitting next to Wei Lan, had basically heard most of the conversation between her and Zhang Weibin just now. He smiled slightly and said, "You can see it in two or three hours."

At this time, Song Liang's assistant, Chen Fang, pushed the door open and said, "Manager Song, the plane tickets have been booked. I asked someone to check in in advance. The flight will take off in an hour. We should be able to make it if we go through the quick security check. If we can't make it, the flight will wait for the first-class passengers for 20 to 30 minutes. The car is already waiting downstairs. We can leave at any time."

Song Liang nodded and said to Li Mu and Wei Lan, "Then let's not delay. Let's go quickly. If there are any specific problems, we can talk about it on the plane."

"Okay."

…

When Li Mu and the others went to the airport by car, Wang Runqing and Xiao Chenfeng had just boarded the flight to Shanghai. The plane was boarding and would take off soon.

Xiao Chenfeng had been in a bad mood these days. After the summit, Wang Runqing visited his father's old friends in Yan Jing and took him to Shanghai with him, saying that he would take him to relax for a few days.

Xiao Chenfeng was annoyed in Yan Jing. Thinking that he could have a rest after the summit, he followed Wang Runqing.

In the first-class cabin, Wang Runqing said to Xiao Chenfeng, "After that, you accompany me back to the company to show my face and say hello to my father. Then we will go to the Caesar Club to take a bath and relax. In the evening, I will arrange for you to go to Japan to try the women's taisen."

Xiao Chenfeng said with a smile, "Is there such a thing in Shanghai?

Is it authentic?

If I use my chopsticks, the girl lying there will open her mouth and say, 'Brother, be gentle …' "

Wang Run rolled his eyes at Xiao Chenfeng and said, "That's why I don't like to chat with you Yanjingers. You are so talkative and talkative. Do you think I'm talking about the kind of people in the Yanjing Clubhouse?

Let me tell you, the restaurant I will take you to tonight, from the chef to the ingredients, is all imported from Japan. The women in the taisen are all authentic Japanese girls with canine teeth. You can eat, touch, and lick freely. If you are interested, I will take you to the hotel tonight. "

"Okay!"

Xiao Chenfeng laughed and said, "I don't like foreign women. I like small and exquisite Japanese girls. Get one for me tonight."

"Don't worry, leave it to me."

After the car left the airport, Wang Runqing, who was introducing the special entertainment in Shanghai to Xiao Chenfeng, received a call from Zhang Weibin. He raised his hand to signal to Xiao Chenfeng and then picked up the phone and asked, "What's the matter?"

Actually, Wang Runqing didn't like Zhang Weibin very much. He only saw him as a tool in the process of seizing Juncheng Real Estate. However, Zhang Weibin naturally flattered Wang Runqing in every possible way, acting like a complete slave. He said attentively, "Young Master Wang, Wei Lan just called me."

"Hmm?" Wang Runqing frowned. "Why did she call you?"

From Wang Runqing's point of view, Wei Lan had already jumped out of this trap. Juncheng Real Estate had nothing to do with her anymore. Why would she still look for Zhang Weibin?

Zhang Weibin said, "Wei Lan said that Director Song from Wanying Real Estate wants to talk to me about Juncheng's debt."

"Oh …" Wang Runqing snorted and said, "It seems that Li Mu doesn't just want to play with Wei Lan. He also wants to earn money from Juncheng!"

As soon as he heard that the people from Wanying Real Estate wanted to look for the bank to give Tan Juncheng's debt, Wang Runqing knew that Li Mu definitely wanted to save Juncheng Real Estate. However, he wasn't afraid of Li Mu at all because he was sure that Li Mu couldn't take out so much money. In his opinion, the people from Wanying Real Estate wanted to talk to Zhang Weibin about the debt because they wanted to find a breakthrough from the bank.

Therefore, Wang Runqing asked him, "Did Wei Lan say when she will arrive?"

"She said it might be a little later, around five o 'clock."

Wang Runqing nodded and looked at the time. He smiled and said, "Alright then, I'll arrive in Shanghai in about two hours. I'll go to your place and meet that Song Liang. It's best if that Li Mu is there too!"

Wang Runqing knew that Li Mu couldn't take out three billion to save Juncheng Real Estate. The only thing he could do was to use himself or Chen Ze to pressure the bank. He had a strong publicity channel, and Chen Ze's background was indeed very powerful. If the two of them appeared, an ordinary bank would definitely give them face.

Three billion might seem like a lot, but it wasn't a big deal for the bank. The amount of debt that the bank couldn't fulfill in a year was at least ten billion. It didn't matter if there was an extra three billion. The two of them definitely had the same idea.

However, Wang Runqing was very confident that as long as he was there, Li Mu wouldn't be able to get any preferential terms from the bank!

If he and Chen Ze really dared to use their identities to exchange for special privileges, then he could use this as leverage to disgust the two of them.

Especially Li Mu. Wang Runqing was quite unconvinced of Li Mu's fame and net worth. Aren't you a university idol?

Aren't you an internet genius?

Spending eight hundred million to play with women, I thought you were really awesome. It turns out that you want to make up for it now. Are you thinking that after saving Juncheng Real Estate, you can play with women without spending money and earn a little more for yourself?

It's perfectly reasonable and legal for the bank to look for Juncheng Real Estate to fulfill the debt. If you, Li Mu, dare to find a way to do things behind the scenes and ignore the laws and regulations, then I'll immediately expose you and let the people of the country see your hypocritical side. I'll disgust you to death.

After instructing Zhang Weibin, Wang Runqing hung up. Xiao Chenfeng couldn't help but ask, "What's going on?

Is it about Juncheng Real Estate again? "

Wang Runqing laughed and snorted. "After Li Mu slept with Wei Lan, he started to think about how to recoup his losses. I reckon that he wants to go to the bank to mediate or find a way to break through. However, he's too arrogant. I'll say it again. As long as I, Wang Runqing, am around, no one can save Juncheng Real Estate!"

Xiao Chenfeng gritted his teeth in anger. "Damn it, I'll go with you when we get to Shanghai!

Let's see if Li Mu and Wei Lan, those two b * tches, will come and see what tricks they have up their sleeves! "