Chapter 797

Before sending Su Yingxue home, Li Mu and Su Yingxue lingered in the car for a long time. After a long time, he watched Su Yingxue get off the car and enter the Family Quarters of the Municipal Public Security Bureau.

After entering the gate of the Family Quarters, Su Yingxue didn't forget to look back at Li Mu's Benz. She waved at Li Mu and then took out her phone to send him a text message, "Wait for me in Yan Jing!"

Li Mu looked at her through the window and replied, "Okay, I'll wait for you in Yan Jing."

Su Yingxue received the message and happily turned into the neighborhood. Li Mu couldn't see her, so he drove home.

Li Mu felt a little regretful that he couldn't take Su Yingxue as his girlfriend. However, two cars from the Municipal Public Security Bureau followed him, so Li Mu couldn't be so brazen. Even if he didn't consider Su Weimin's feelings, he had to consider Su Yingxue's reputation.

When he returned home, Papa Lee and Li Ma were arranging the gifts they brought from Yan Jing.

Seeing Li Mu, Papa Lee asked him, "Son, what did you talk about with the leaders of the Municipal Party Committee?"

Li Mu said, "It's mainly about your and mom's safety. I'm not at home, so you have to be safe in Haizhou. In the future, the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau will be responsible for your safety, so I can rest assured in Yan Jing."

Li Ma said, "Don't you have bodyguards from the army?

Why did you bother the people from the Municipal Public Security Bureau? "

Li Mu said, "It's not trouble. Your safety and dad's is more important than anything else."

Li Ma smiled with relief and asked Li Mu, "Are you leaving tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "My flight is tomorrow night, but I have to go to Jinling to see Sister Wan."

Li Ma asked curiously, "Is Xiaowan in Jinling?"

"Yeah." Li Mu said, "She's on vacation, so she went back to Jinling for the weekend."

Li Ma said with a smile, "Remember to say hello to your dad and me."

"Alright."

As they were chatting, there was a knock on the door. Li Mu went to the door and looked through the peephole. It was Song Liang.

Song Liang opened the door and came in. First, he greeted Papa Lee and Li Ma in the living room. Then, he took Li Mu to the small balcony in the back. Song Liang took out two cigarettes and handed one to Li Mu. After they lit it up, Song Liang said, "I've talked to Wan Jun. In the future, I'll give him 10% of the shares of Haizhou Wanying, provided that you and your family are safe."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Thank you, Brother Liang. Zhang Wanjun is still very useful in some ways. Besides, you and the municipal bureau can keep him in check. As long as he follows you wholeheartedly, I won't worry about Haizhou in the future."

"Don't be so polite between us."

For both Li Mu and Song Liang, 10% of the dry shares of Wanying Group in Haizhou was nothing at all. Song Liang had made such a huge leap in one year that he couldn't make in 20 years, and it was all thanks to Li Mu. Therefore, Song Liang knew very well that when necessary, it was not a big deal to abandon the entire Wanying Group in Haizhou.

For Li Mu, he had to ensure the absolute safety of his parents in Haizhou. Whether it was the Municipal Bureau or the bodyguards, their power was limited, and the attention was limited. However, Zhang Wanjun was different. Most of the thousands of gangsters in Haizhou had to obey his orders. There were many people in this gray area, and he was a very good supplement.

Song Liang said, "Do you have other plans for Jinling tomorrow?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "To see Chen Wan."

Song Liang smiled and said, "You have a lot of confidantes."

Li Mu smiled and did not deny it. Song Liang said, "Well, I'll arrange a car to send us to Jinling tomorrow. You can go about your business then, and I'll visit Tianming's father."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, let's go together. We'll leave together at night and do our own things in the middle."

Song Liang nodded slightly and hesitated for a moment. Then he said, "Little Mu, I want to discuss something with you."

Li Mu said, "Brother Liang, go ahead."

Song Liang organized his words and said, "Well, our next step is to develop our own residential real estate projects. But you said that we can only develop three at most, so the remaining four have to cooperate with other real estate developers. I want to pull Tianming's father in and cooperate with us on the few pieces of land in Yan Jing. On the one hand, he is strong enough and trustworthy. On the other hand, he is my mentor who helped me start my career. I also want to take this opportunity to repay him."

Song Liang added, "Specifically, I'm thinking like this. Since we are not going to develop residential real estate in the future, it is better to cooperate with Tianming's father than to let these projects benefit the local developers in Yan Jing. In the future, he will focus on residential real estate, and we will focus on commercial real estate. The two sides will not conflict with each other, and we can cooperate closely. It can also let him balance other real estate companies in Yan Jing.

It's killing many birds with one stone. "Li Mu's eyes lit up.

He had already set the tone for the seven pieces of land in Yan Jing. Wanying Real Estate would develop three pieces at most, and the rest would be developed in cooperation. As for who to develop, Li Mu had no clear idea. However, since Song Liang thought of Ye Tianming's father, it might not be a bad choice.

Ye Tianming's father, Ye Youdao, was one of the top real estate developers in Jinling City. He definitely had the strength. A top real estate developer in a second-tier city like him definitely had the ambition to enter the real estate industry in a first-tier city. Now Yan Jing Wanying Real Estate had ready-made land. If he took it out and cooperated with Ye Youdao, Ye Youdao would have a good opportunity to enter the Yan Jing residential real estate market.

One thing that Li Mu appreciated about Song Liang was that he always had a balance in his heart. He remembered clearly who was good to him and who had helped him. He would definitely find opportunities to return the favor in other aspects. It was very worry-free to cooperate with such a person because he never forgot his original intention while pursuing benefits. As the business grew bigger and bigger, it was particularly difficult to maintain this.

Although Song Liang did not have a big vision, he had a strong sense of morality. When Ye Youdao brought Song Liang into the world and Song Liang grew up and started his own business, he first made two principles clear. First, he must not compete directly with Ye Youdao. Second, he must let Ye Youdao have a stake in his new projects. That was why he came to Haizhou from Jinling to develop. Moreover, Ye Youdao had always been a shareholder of Haizhou Wanying.

Now, Song Liang could think of using the land in Yan Jing to give Ye Youdao a chance to enter the Yan Jing residential real estate market. This was also a manifestation of his gratitude.

In this regard, Li Mu naturally had no opinion. What's more, when he started his own business, Ye Tianming, Zhang Kexuan, and the others had given him a lot of help in the simple plan. Song Liang was not the only one who wanted to return the favor. He also wanted to return the favor.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "If Tianming's father is interested in developing in Yan Jing, we can take out our remaining four pieces of land to cooperate with them. I believe that with his strength in Jinling City, it will not be a problem to deal with these four buildings."

Song Liang nodded, "With Boss Ye's ability and the strength of the enterprise, it will definitely not be a big problem to develop four buildings."

Li Mu suddenly thought of Chen Wan. There were two trigger points for Chen Wan's tragedy in his previous life. One was that her father was arrested for illegal fund-raising, and the other was that her husband lost all his capital in the stock market. He didn't know what Chen Wan's father did, but he vaguely remembered that her father and her uncle, who was Zhang Kexuan's father, were both related to real estate. The four pieces of land along the East Third Ring Subway in Yan Jing were very big. Instead of this, it was better to take care of Zhang Kexuan's family and Chen Wan's family.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said, "You talk to Tianming's father first. I'll see Chen Wan tomorrow. By the way, I'll ask her and Kexuan's family what they're doing and whether they're interested in joining us."

Song Liang immediately understood and said, "Kexuan's family is also in the real estate business. Their strength is a lot weaker than Tianming's family. I'm not very clear about Chen Wan's family, but it seems that her father is working under Zhang Kexuan's father, so their strength is a little weaker."

Song Liang said again, "But this is only the comparison of the three families. In fact, each of them is a billionaire. Tianming's family is worth one to two billion, Kexuan's family is between hundreds of millions to one billion, and Chen Wan's family should be around one hundred million."

Li Mu nodded. It was the first time he understood the specific wealth of these people. It seemed that Ye Tianming was a standard rich second generation, while Chen Wan's family seemed to be a little weak. Although he had brought Chen Wan to the frontline of a first-line host, it was difficult to change the fact that her family's business would be less able to withstand the pressure in the future market development. In this case, he would take this opportunity to give her a hand!

For Wan Ying, there were seven pieces of land in Yan Jing, and she couldn't take them all. Theoretically, she could invite anyone to take them. So, it was better to do a great favor to her own people. However, doing a favor was doing a favor. In the specific operation, the progress and quality of the project had to be well controlled, so that they could achieve a win-win situation.

Song Liang continued, "I haven't told Boss Ye what the specific matter is. I want to talk to him in detail tomorrow. If you want to bring Kexuan and Chen Wan's family in, then we might as well set a proportion first. There are four pieces of land in total. How should we distribute them?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Well, after we go back, we will have a meeting to discuss which three pieces of land we want to keep. As for how to distribute the remaining four pieces of land, Tianming's family is relatively strong. We should at least give them two pieces of land. Moreover, we should choose the two largest pieces of land. The remaining two pieces of land will be jointly developed by Kexuan and Chen Wan's family."

Song Liang nodded, "This distribution is quite reasonable. Are you interested in going over to have a chat?"

Li Mu said, "I have an appointment with Chen Wan tomorrow. I can't break my promise. You talk to them."

Song Liang clapped his hands, "I won't talk to Kexuan and Chen Wan's family tomorrow. I will talk to Tianming's father first. As for the specifics, I will invite the three families to Yan Jing to discuss in detail."

“OK。”

Whether it was Ye Tianming's family, Zhang Kexuan's family or Chen Wan's family, this was definitely an opportunity that could make them smile even in their dreams. Many real estate companies wanted to develop in first-tier cities. The biggest restriction was that they couldn't get the land. If they couldn't get the good land, they couldn't take the first step.

However, Li Mu had a ready-made good land in Yan Jing, and he was willing to cooperate with them. For them, this was definitely the best opportunity to enter the Yan Jing market!

It was a perfect opportunity that they didn't even dare to dream of before!