Chapter 842

When Li Mu was lying on Zhao Ziqiu's princess bed and gasping for breath, Zhao Ziqiu received a text message from Xie Yun.

"Tell Li Mu to stay at home tonight. You should go to bed early. I will go to the West Lake with your father."

Seeing this text message, Zhao Ziqiu, who had just been greatly satisfied, said to Li Mu with a face full of shame and annoyance, "Look, it's all your fault!

My parents have to go to the West Lake at night because of you! "

Li Mu picked up the phone and looked at it. He was indeed a little ashamed and said helplessly, "It's all my fault. But you took the initiative to kiss and hug me as soon as you came in. How could I hold myself back?"

Zhao Ziqiu rolled her eyes at Li Mu. "You're blaming me?"

Li Mu hurriedly smiled apologetically and said, "It's not your fault. It's all my fault."

With that, Li Mu looked complacent and said, "In this case, I don't have to stay in a hotel."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu with anger and amusement. After a long while, she sighed helplessly and said, "My mother originally wanted you to stay at home, but she only told me about it in private. If you didn't insist on coming here, my mother would definitely ask for it."

After hearing this, Li Mu couldn't help but smile and said, "Auntie loves us much more than uncle."

Zhao Ziqiu had no choice but to change the topic and asked him, "How long are you going to stay in Hangzhou this time?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Until the day after tomorrow. I will go back at night."

He thought that Zhao Ziqiu would have a problem with Li Mu's hasty schedule, but he didn't expect that she would ask Li Mu in surprise, "You can stay until the day after tomorrow?

I thought you would go back tomorrow. After all, tomorrow is Monday. You have so many things to deal with. "

Li Mu said, "I'm busy, but no matter how busy I am, I still have to accompany you."

As he spoke, Li Mu couldn't hide his shame and said, "But I can't stay with you for too long in Hangzhou. I'll spend some time with you after you go back to Yan Jing."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded gently and said softly, "I know you are busy. Even if you don't come to Hangzhou to see me, I won't blame you. It's mainly because my mom mentioned before that she hopes you can come to Hangzhou before I go back to Yan Jing, so I have been looking forward to your visit. Otherwise, my mom will definitely think that you don't care about me or something like that …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I understand. That's why I'm here, but I'm a little late."

"Don't worry."

Zhao Ziqiu's face was full of satisfaction. Then she remembered the gift and said coquettishly, "I let you sleep with me. Why haven't I seen my gift?"

Li Mu hurriedly stood up and took out a beautiful flat gift box from his backpack. The packaging of this gift box was completely different from the packaging of the gift he gave to Zhao Ziqiu's parents. It was not only red, but also had a heart-shaped pattern. At first glance, it was obvious that it was the packaging of a gift between lovers.

Zhao Ziqiu suppressed the excitement in her heart and carefully opened the packaging. She found that there was also a Tiffany jewelry box inside. She didn't open it immediately. Instead, she asked Li Mu, "Did you buy me a gift when you were choosing gifts for my parents?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said, "You guessed it right …"

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips and then smiled foolishly, "I like your honest look!"

As she spoke, Zhao Ziqiu gently opened the jewelry box. There was a sparkling platinum diamond necklace inside. The necklace design was very delicate. Although the necklace itself was made of platinum, each section was inlaid with a gorgeous broken diamond. The pendant was a heart-shaped pendant the size of a fifty cent coin. In the center of the pendant, there was a three-carat perfectly cut diamond.

This necklace was not particularly luxurious in the Tiffany brand, but in the hands of Dufy's friends, it was the most expensive and most attractive one to Li Mu.

For Zhao Ziqiu, simply seeing such jewelry wouldn't make her feel particularly surprised. However, this was given to her by Li Mu, so the meaning was very different. It might have been a relatively good luxury item, but in Zhao Ziqiu's eyes, this necklace was so perfect in every way. It was simply impeccable.

Apart from being pleasantly surprised, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Why did you give me such an expensive gift?"

Li Mu said, "No matter how expensive it is, it's only right and proper to give it to you."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled shyly and said, "But this is too high-profile. I don't dare to wear it outside, and I don't even dare to wear it to Beijing …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter if you can't wear it outside. Just wear it for me to see."

As he spoke, Li Mu took the necklace out of the jewelry box and personally put it on for Zhao Ziqiu. The length of the heart-shaped pendant was just above Zhao Ziqiu's cleavage.

Li Mu held his chin and looked at it for a long time. Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask him, "How is it?

Is it beautiful? "

Li Mu exclaimed, "It's so beautiful!

Jewelry is perfect when it's completely naked! "

Zhao Ziqiu blushed like two peach blossoms. She subconsciously hugged her chest and said, "I asked you to look at the necklace, not there!"

…

It could be said that Li Mu had chosen a very good time to come to Hangzhou this time.

Because the next day was Monday, Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun had to go to the company on time. So at 7: 30 in the morning, the couple sat in the restaurant downstairs and prepared to eat after their morning exercise.

Xie Yun sent a text message to Zhao Ziqiu, "Your father and I will go out at 8 o 'clock. If you and Li Mu wake up, come down to eat first and say hello."

When they received the text message, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu were sleeping soundly. Zhao Ziqiu heard the phone ring in a daze. After she took it and read it, she was completely awake.

Today was Monday, and her parents were going to the company. Generally speaking, they would leave at 8 o 'clock and come back at 7 o' clock at the earliest. If there were more affairs in the company, they would even stay until 9 or 10 o 'clock, which meant that she and Li Mu could freely use the time in between.

So Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly woke up Li Mu and said to him, "My parents are going to leave later. My mother asked us to go downstairs to have breakfast and say hello."

Li Mu nodded sleepily. After resting for about half a minute, he got up and washed up. The two of them were very fast. After 10 minutes, they had washed up, dressed neatly, and left the room.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't feel anything just now, but now she was going downstairs with Li Mu to meet her parents, so she couldn't help feeling nervous and shy. After all, Li Mu slept in her room last night. Her parents must know what it meant, so she couldn't help feeling guilty.

On the other hand, Li Mu didn't feel any psychological pressure. When he thought of the time when Zhao Ziqiu's parents suddenly came in and asked them to go downstairs in Ziyun Villa in Yan Jing, he was really uneasy. After that experience, Li Mu felt like a drizzle this time, and he didn't feel nervous at all.

When going downstairs, Li Mu couldn't help teasing, "Do you remember the situation when your parents were waiting for us downstairs in Ziyun Villa last time?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "How can I forget …"

Li Mu sighed and said, "I was so nervous that I only had one thought in my mind."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "What thought?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "When I made up my mind, I thought that I would be beaten by your father at most …"

After being teased by him, Zhao Ziqiu's original nervousness and guilt were relieved a lot. Li Mu was right. The situation this time was far less nervous than the last time. She got through it safely, so there was nothing to worry about today.

At this time, in the dining room, Xie Yun said to Zhao Xianliang in a low voice, "I'll ask Ziqiu and Li Mu to come down for breakfast. Be careful later and don't speak in a weird tone."

Zhao Xianliang felt helpless and nodded gently. No matter how much his opinion of Li Mu had changed, as his father, he couldn't help feeling jealous at this time.

After a while, Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu came to the dining room hand in hand. As soon as they entered the door, Xie Yun said with a smile, "You two are up. Come, sit down and eat."

Li Mu nodded to them politely and said, "Good morning, Uncle and Auntie."

"Good morning." Xie Yun replied with a smile and said, "You don't have to be so polite at home. Sit down."

Li Mu nodded and sat down opposite them with Zhao Ziqiu. The maid brought two cups of hot milk for them. Li Mu took a sandwich from the table and took a bite. Xie Yun said, "Li Mu, I have to go to the company with your Uncle Zhao later, so I can't accompany you today. Later, after you and Ziqiu finish eating, you can let her take you around. You can drive the cars in the garage. The weather forecast says it's cloudy today, so it should be cooler and not so hot."

Li Mu nodded quickly and said, "Okay, Auntie."

At this time, Zhao Xianliang raised his head and looked at Li Mu. He asked, "Are you interested in going to the company with me?"

As soon as he said that, Zhao Ziqiu said with dissatisfaction, "Oh, Dad, it's not easy for Li Mu to come here. Can't you let him accompany me?"

In Zhao Ziqiu's eyes, her father's sudden proposal was very suspicious. His purpose was naturally to prevent her and Li Mu from spending time together in private.

Even Xie Yun was a little unhappy. She felt that Old Zhao was really hopeless. Didn't he know that the two of them slept in the same room last night?

He had already acquiesced. What was he doing?

Wasn't he tired of lying to himself?

At this time, Zhao Xianliang explained seriously, "It won't take up too much of your time. You can come with us. I mainly want Li Mu to understand the specific situation of the company. He is engaged in the most advanced high-tech industry, and I am engaged in the most primitive primary industry. It's good for us to know each other better. Maybe we can bring a little different thinking to each other."

As he said that, Zhao Xianliang added, "If you don't want to, then forget it. If you do, it won't take up too much of your time. Just one morning. After the morning, you can plan your time. What do you think?"

Li Mu felt that Zhao Xianliang's words were very sincere. He thought that there must be no other hidden meaning, so he gave Zhao Ziqiu a reassuring look and said, "In fact, I also want to know more about the primary industry. Maybe in the future, I will really have a chance to integrate with the Internet."