Chapter 919

If it weren't for a few core team members who immediately rushed up to support Boss Ma, who was about to fall to the ground, Boss Ma would have fallen to the ground.

Boss Ma, who was barely supported by everyone, felt an indescribable pain and resentment in his heart.

Boss Ma would never have dreamed that all of his actions would be closely monitored by Li Mu. He had just appeared on the advertisement, and Li Mu's Taobao advertisement came right after. Moreover, it was so targeted!

Boss Ma and Li Mu also did promotions. Because he did not have a strong brand relationship, he could only find some second and third-tier brands and some small and medium-sized enterprises on Alibaba to participate in the promotion. However, Taobao's advertisement had pulled out a bunch of familiar brands. It had basically captured all the famous brands that the whole nation knew!

Moreover, Taobao's promotion was also very shocking. There was a chance to enjoy the full 199 yuan discount. Didn't that mean that there was a chance to buy 199 yuan items for 1 yuan?

Compared to Le Tao's promotion, this was much more shocking!

Moreover, they had invited Zhou Jielun!

This was the most popular singer on both sides of the Taiwan Straits this year. Compared to Zhou Jielun's phenomenal popularity, the previous first-tier singers such as Xie Tingfeng, Wang Lihong, and even the Four Heavenly Kings had to step aside. This influence was much greater than Le Tao!

From the looks of it, whether it was the platform's popularity, the promotion's brand's popularity, the promotion's strength, the celebrity endorsements, or the publicity methods, Taobao was much stronger than Le Tao. It was almost an all-around crushing victory. This was a devastating blow to Boss Ma's confidence.

What Boss Ma could not accept the most was that both parties' promotions were coincidentally scheduled on the same day!

If both parties' promotions could be staggered, Le Tao would still have a chance. But now, he had no chance at all!

The core team members around him were also very distressed, but they still tried to persuade Boss Ma not to get too excited.

Boss Ma was helped to sit on the sofa. He covered his face with his hands and did not say a word.

Seeing this, the others were filled with sorrow.

The army set off and launched a night raid from thousands of miles away, hoping to gather all their strength and catch the enemy off guard. However, when they excitedly blew the horn to charge, they found that they had already been surrounded tightly by the enemy. The enemy's strength was countless times greater than theirs, and at this moment, they were firmly surrounded and ready to be annihilated.

For a moment, the entire office fell into a depressing atmosphere. Fear, loss, sorrow, and pain lingered in everyone's heart.

He had invested so much effort and money to prepare such a promotional event. Now, it seemed that he had dug his own grave. Everyone could see that Li Mu had long been prepared to snipe him. Moreover, he had already made sufficient preparations for his comprehensive counterattack. The speed of his response was so fast that it made one's hair stand on end!

It was even more despairing!

The most despairing thing was that they found that their opponent was far more powerful than they had imagined. During this time, Li Mu had so many important tasks to push forward, and he had done so much, but he had not ignored Le Tao, a potential opponent. He had planned everything and was just waiting for Le Tao to come online …

In less than ten minutes, his own advertisement was online. This was enough to prove that when they were gearing up to attack Taobao, Li Mu had already polished his gun, waiting for them to show up and give them a fatal blow.

The atmosphere of despair was spreading, brewing, and heating up. On the TV, Zhejiang Province Satellite TV was still broadcasting the advertisement.

No one was in the mood to pay attention to the TV until another voice was heard. "Hello everyone, I'm Mo Wenwei. If you want to buy online, go to Taobao. Happy Tao Tianxia, all in Taobao!

September 29th … "

Everyone, including Boss Ma, subconsciously put down their hands, opened their eyes, and stared at the TV with their mouths wide open, unable to say a word.

Mo Wenwei's Taobao advertisement was similar to Zhou Jielun's advertisement. Moreover, Mo Wenwei had been strongly promoted by Li Mu for a while, and coincidentally, she had been promoted by the Central Television for a wave of positive philanthropy. Now, she was one of the most popular female singers in the mainland, so she was very important.

Mo Wenwei's advertisement was like the second bullet that was shot into everyone's body, making their despair continue to rise.

A minute later, seeing that the advertisement was about to end and the TV series was about to be broadcasted, a department head picked up the remote control and was about to turn off the TV. At this moment, another familiar face appeared on the TV.

"Hello everyone, I'm Sun Yanzi. If you want to buy online, go to Taobao. Happy Tao Tianxia, all in Taobao!

September 29th … "

The third bullet …

Le Taobao had previously set a schedule of promotions to be done at five different time slots every day. The 8 PM wave had already passed, and the next wave would only be at 10 PM. In the end, in just ten minutes, Taobao's advertisements had crossed over three times, and each time, the celebrities were different!

Zhou Jielun, Mo Wenwei, Sun Yanzi … All three of them were A-list singers, and the influence they represented was simply unimaginable …

Boss Ma covered his face with his hands again, and the despair in his heart had reached the extreme. He knew very well that he had fallen into Li Mu's death trap this time. With Li Mu's strength, his style of doing things, and his sniping skills, Le Tao was bound to be doomed this time.

He had spent countless efforts and gathered the capital and industry of three companies to prepare for this surprise attack, but it had been declared a complete failure as soon as it started. Boss Ma was extremely distressed.

Although he didn't say a word, he had thought a lot in his heart.

Escape?

Hide?

Impossible, I can't hide this time no matter what.

All the publicity documents and advertisements had been made, and all the media had set the rhythm in advance. If I changed the time at this time, even if Sun Zhengyi agreed, it would be useless, because it was impossible. The most important thing for a sneak attack was to do it in one go. If the first shot failed, it was absolutely impossible to turn back and come back another day.

There was only one chance. If I failed, I could only fight with Taobao head-on in the future, but I didn't have the strength to do that. Now, I could only continue to advance according to the established rhythm, even though I knew I would fail.

Even if I only achieved one-tenth of the target of eight million users, as long as Le Tao developed according to the original plan, it was possible to increase the number of users by at least eight hundred thousand. But if I messed up at this time, I would die without a burial place. Even if I die, I can't die in such a miserable way.

Thinking of this, Boss Ma sighed deeply, stood up, and said to the people around him, "Everyone, don't be affected by Taobao. We still have to advance according to the established rhythm. At this time, we have to be steady no matter what."

Everyone nodded silently. Although they knew very well that they couldn't give up at this time, it was difficult for them to recover from the blow they suffered in such a short time.

Boss Ma hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm a little tired today, so I'll go home first. Continue with your work, including the data collection work. You must do it."

Cai Chongxin said, "Don't worry, Boss Ma, I will do it well."

"Okay." Boss Ma nodded dejectedly and walked out of the office.

At this time, Boss Ma's heart was on the verge of collapse. Unlike the other people in the company, he had high hopes for Alibaba and Le Tao. He gathered all his wealth, his ideals, his pursuits, and his ambitions here. Now, he realized that all these had been hit hard by Li Mu.

Not to mention anything else, Sun Zhengyi would definitely be extremely disappointed in himself. Although he couldn't withdraw his investment from Alibaba, he definitely wouldn't have any hope for Le Tao's project. If he lost confidence in himself, then the world's capital would no longer have any hope in him.

Moreover, Li Mu's influence was too great. Just now, he used practical actions to declare war on Li Mu, and Li Mu immediately launched an extremely powerful counterattack at lightning speed. This also meant that his competition with Taobao and Li Mu had completely surfaced. It wouldn't take long for the entire industry and even the whole society to know about it. At that time, the capital would have even less hope in him.

Boss Ma knew that the Internet was a money-burning game, especially e-commerce. Once he lost follow-up financial support, the consequences would be unimaginable …

Boss Ma, who was upset, drove home. At this time, his wife had just started to prepare dinner. She knew that Boss Ma would be busy going online today and would definitely come home late, so she deliberately prepared a feast for him. It was already past eight o 'clock, and she had just started to prepare.

"Why are you back so early today?"

Boss Ma's wife was very surprised to see Boss Ma return at this time. When she saw Boss Ma's tired face, she couldn't help but ask him, "Are you tired today?"

Boss Ma didn't say a word. He walked to his wife who was wearing an apron and hugged her tightly. Although Mrs. Ma didn't know what happened, she was keenly aware that Boss Ma must have encountered a setback. She immediately comforted him, "No matter what happens, home is your warmest harbor. The wind and waves outside are too strong, so take shelter at home and take a rest."

Boss Ma let out a long sigh and said, "Li Mu gave Le Tao a fatal blow today. I didn't dare to make it too obvious in the company, but I know in my heart that under Li Mu's fierce attack, Le Tao won't be able to hold on for long. It can basically be said that he will die …"

Mrs. Ma was horrified. She knew how much effort her husband had put in for Le Tao. It had only been more than two hours since he went online tonight, and it was already over?

Moreover, she knew her husband. Even someone as confident as him felt that Le Tao wouldn't be able to hold on for long. Then, Le Tao would probably be in danger.

Boss Ma said with a pained face, "If I didn't want to do C2C and focused on B2B, I wouldn't be in this situation today. Now, once Le Tao fails, the investors will lose confidence in me, and even our original B2B business will be greatly affected …"

At this point, Boss Ma didn't dare to continue. The most terrible situation was about to happen.