Chapter 697

Lu Yong was a little confused.

A high school student bullying a middle school student was a small matter. Zhang Wanjun had already asked him to deal with it. Why did he come in person?

In his opinion, it was not a big deal for him to deal with it, let alone Zhang Wanjun, who was recognized as the big brother in Haizhou.

Wu Bin was also dumbfounded. Zhang Wanjun was not the same as before. In the past, he was just a gangster. Apart from fighting and killing, he spent the rest of his time hanging out with his brothers. But now, he had started to clean up his past. He registered his own engineering company, followed Song Liang to do real estate, and even invested money to build his own earthmoving team. He gradually moved closer to the direction of a proper businessman. He rarely appeared in the underworld, and almost all of them were solved by Lu Yong on his behalf. But today, he came personally for a child. What was the background of that child?

Who was this child? What made Lu Yong and Wu Bin dizzy was yet to come. Zhang Wanjun said indifferently, "Manager Song is also here in the private room next door. Little Yong, come and say hello to Manager Song."

Lu Yong was even more surprised when he heard that Song Liang was also here. He heard that Song Liang had gone to Yan Jing to develop, and he spent most of his time in Yan Jing. No one knew when he would come back. Even he came to stand up for a middle school student. Wasn't this a little too much?

But although he was surprised, Lu Yong immediately came out of the private room after his boss gave the order. Zhang Wanjun took him to the private room next door. When he pushed the door open, Song Liang was already sitting inside.

"Brother Liang, when did you come back?"

As soon as he saw Song Liang, Lu Yong hurriedly greeted him respectfully. Although Song Liang was not his elder brother, he was his elder brother's boss. In fact, Song Liang was more important than his elder brother. What's more, Zhang Wanjun wanted to make a lot of money because of Song Liang. Lu Yong also had a small share in Zhang Wanjun's engineering company. Strictly speaking, Song Liang was their common boss or the God of Fortune.

Song Liang smiled and said politely, "I just came back yesterday. Little Yong, how have you been recently?"

Lu Yong hurriedly said, "Thanks to you, everything has been going well recently."

Song Liang nodded and said, "I've troubled you and Wan Jun today mainly because my good friend entrusted me with this. So don't think that it's like killing a chicken with a butcher's knife. Just think of it as doing me a favor."

Lu Yong replied, "Brother Liang, you're too polite. I'll definitely take care of this matter."

Song Liang said, "As for today's matter, when that kid comes over later, don't beat him or scold him. Don't teach him a lesson because of this matter afterward. Just do as I told you."

Lu Yong hurriedly nodded. "Don't worry, Brother Liang. We'll do as you say."

…

Hei Zi drove his old Ford to the ecological park with Xu Hui. When he parked the car, Hei Zi's face was a little hot. Although he didn't dare to say that all the cars in the ecological park's parking lot were luxury cars, the worst was at least a Passat. He didn't know how many times his Ford had changed hands, but the odometer under his hand was stuck at 150,000 kilometers and could no longer move. This had instantly lowered the prestige of the entire ecological park.

Fortunately, there was no one else in the parking lot at the same time. Hei Zi quickly parked the car, turned off the engine, and got out of the car. After urging Xu Hui to get out of the car, he immediately took out the car key and locked the door. Then, he hurriedly ran a few steps forward, as if he was afraid of being seen getting too close to his Ford.

The two of them looked at the magnificent main building and sighed in their hearts. This was definitely the most high-end restaurant in Haizhou. Not to mention Xu Hui, even Hei Zi had never been here before.

In the past, Hei Zi only hung out in restaurants in the city that cost a few dozen yuan per person per table. Ten people would order a table of dishes. Including cigarettes and alcohol, it would cost at least five to six hundred yuan. If they drank less, it would even cost three to four hundred yuan. Xu Hui, on the other hand, hung out in small roadside restaurants. Stir-Frying vegetables for three yuan and meat for four yuan. In those restaurants, roasting a whole chicken would only cost twenty to thirty yuan. Other than that, it was already amazing if he could occasionally go to a proper restaurant with Hei Zi. He had never been to a place like this. Eating here for ten people would cost at least two to three thousand yuan.

Before entering the door, Hei Zi turned his head to look at Xu Hui beside him and reminded him in a low voice, "Be smart later. Don't embarrass me in front of Brother Erbin."

Xu Hui nodded repeatedly. "Brother, I know. Don't worry."

In his heart, however, he was thinking, If I really followed Brother Erbin, who the hell would give a damn about you?

Hei Zi brought Xu Hui to the private room according to Wu Bin's message and had the waiter lead them to the door. The waiter knocked on the door, and Wu Bin's voice came from inside. "Come in."

Then, the waiter pushed the door open and stepped aside. Hei Zi walked in with a smile on his face. As soon as he entered, he was dumbfounded. Wu Bin was the only one sitting at the large dining table.

Hei Zi brought the excited and nervous Xu Hui into the private room. With a face full of respect, he called out, "Brother Erbin."

Xu Hui also followed beside him and greeted Wu Bin with a trembling voice.

Wu Bin nodded and expressionlessly looked at Xu Hui. "You're Xu Hui?"

Xu Hui was so nervous that he didn't dare speak. To the side, Hei Zi hastily said, "Brother Erbin, he's the Xu Hui you wanted to see. He's here to play with me."

Wu Bin grunted. Hei Zi asked, "Brother Erbin, it's just the three of us eating today?"

Wu Bin frowned and glanced at him. With slight disdain, he said, "In your dreams. Brother Yong will be here soon."

When Hei Zi heard the two words "Brother Yong", his expression froze. Great, the boss's boss is also coming. Just what is going on today?

Although he was curious, he instinctively wanted to sit in front of Erbin. No matter who was coming, he was Erbin's little brother. Sitting next to him was always the right thing to do.

Unexpectedly, just as he was about to sit, Wu Bin asked, "Did I say you could sit?"

When these words were spoken, Hei Zi, whose butt was almost touching the chair, hastily stood up. To the side, Xu Hui, who was reaching out to pull out another chair, immediately retracted his hand in fright. He thought to himself, Damn, that was close!

I almost made the boss's boss unhappy!

Hei Zi stood up again. He couldn't help but feel a bit awkward. He thought to himself, Even if Lu Yong wants to come, you can't not let me sit. Moreover, isn't he not here yet?

You can't make me eat standing, right?

Just as he was feeling depressed, Wu Bin said to him with a dark expression, "You, and that brat, the two of you go stand against the wall!"

Hei Zi was stunned. Didn't you call me here to eat?

Why do you want me to stand against the wall?

Boss, what do you mean by this?

While he was in a daze, Wu Bin slammed the table. "Did you not hear what I said?"

Hei Zi hastily braced himself and said, "I heard, Brother Erbin, don't be angry." After saying that, he gave Xu Hui a look. "Come here!"

Then, the two of them stood next to each other in the corner. Both of their faces were filled with confusion. They couldn't understand what was going on.

Wu Bin slammed the table again. "Stand properly!

Look at how you're standing so loosely! "

The two of them hurriedly stood up straight. Wu Bin said again, "Stick your butt to the wall and stick the back of your head to the wall!"

When the two of them heard this, they couldn't help but have a million questions in their hearts. Right now, they could only do as he said.

At this time, the private room's door opened. Lu Yong walked in with a dark expression. Wu Bin hurriedly stood up. "Brother Yong."

Lu Yong nodded. Looking at the two people standing in the corner, he pointed at them and asked Wu Bin, "Is it them?"

Wu Bin hurriedly said, "Yes, Brother Yong, it's them."

Lu Yong's eyes were filled with ruthlessness. The two of them couldn't help but tremble.

At this time, Hei Zi began to worry. What was going on?

Lu Yong was here too?

Did he accidentally make a mistake?

Lu Yong was famous for his ruthlessness in Haizhou. If he really provoked him, then he would be in trouble!

Xu Hui panicked even more. This was his boss's boss's boss, who was also a famous figure in the underworld. What was going on today?

Could it be that Hei Zi had caused some trouble, and his boss and his boss's boss wanted to clean up the mess?

Xu Hui naturally didn't think that he was the one who had caused trouble. Usually, other than acting like a tyrant in school, he would act like a coward outside of school. It was impossible for him to offend these big shots.

Hei Zi was afraid, and Xu Hui was also afraid. The two of them stood there, not daring to move. They were so flustered that they didn't know what to do.

However, they never dreamed that there would be someone even more powerful than them.

When the door opened, another person walked in with a cold expression. When Hei Zi saw who it was, he was so scared that his legs turned to jelly. This was the prelude to death!

Even Zhang Wanjun was here!

This was his boss's boss's boss, the number one figure in Haizhou's underworld …

Xu Hui was a little dumbfounded. This was the first time he had seen Lu Yong in person, let alone Zhang Wanjun. He didn't even know what Zhang Wanjun looked like.

Lu Yong and Wu Bin stood up at the same time and said respectfully, "Brother Wanjun."

When Xu Hui heard the words "Brother Wanjun," his legs also turned to jelly …

Hei Zi's legs turned to jelly, and he lost his balance. His knees unconsciously bent forward. Zhang Wanjun picked up a soup bowl from the table and smashed it at Hei Zi's feet. He roared, "Stand properly!"

When Hei Zi saw Zhang Wanjun getting angry at him, he was instantly scared out of his wits. I must have f * cking gotten into trouble!

And I must have gotten into big trouble!

But what kind of trouble did I get into?

Xu Hui was extremely regretful in his heart. Why didn't he have eyes and follow Hei Zi as his boss? Now that he had been implicated to the point where even Zhang Wanjun had to step in, this matter was definitely not a small one. If he was really tied up with Hei Zi and dragged to the West Mountain Reservoir, what would he do?

There was a rumor in the underworld that when Zhang Wanjun opened a casino, one of his underlings stole his money and was eventually sunk into the Xishan Reservoir …

Just as he was scared silly and didn't know what to do, the door opened and in came an imposing middle-aged man in his thirties.

Hei Zi and Xu Hui had never seen Song Liang before, but Zhang Wanjun respectfully called him "Chief Song" while the other two respectfully called him "Brother Liang". Combining the two facts, the two easily came to a conclusion: Song Liang …

This time, it was really crazy. Even the legendary richest man had come.

When Song Liang came in, he didn't pay much attention to the two people standing in the corner with pale faces. Instead, he asked everyone to take a seat and then called the waiter to serve the cold dishes. He also said that the guests would be here soon.

Hei Zi and Xu Hui muttered in their hearts. If he came again, how big of a figure would he be?

The mayor or the secretary of the municipal party committee?

At this time, in the parking lot outside, Xiao Hao asked Li Mu in surprise, "Brother, are we eating here for lunch?"

Li Mu nodded.

Xiao Hao said, "It's very expensive to eat here, right?"

As Li Mu turned off the car, he said, "It's not expensive, but we don't have to spend money. Someone else will treat us. Today, I'm here to show you off!"

Xiao Hao looked puzzled. "Brother, what are you taking me to do?"

"I'm taking you to eat. Hurry up and get out of the car!"