Chapter 1450

Harvard was the life goal that Su Yingxue had set for herself since she was a child. Her highest academic pursuit was to finish her MBA at Harvard. It was not easy to realize this wish in her previous life. She had made unimaginable efforts to win this opportunity for herself. But in this life, this opportunity seemed to have fallen from the sky and was within her reach.

Before this, Su Yingxue was most worried that Li Mu was behind all this. She was worried that Li Mu was doing this to alienate her. Fortunately, she was sure that Li Mu was not behind all this. What was more perfect was that Li Mu would spend more time in the United States than in China in the future. In this way, not only would she not alienate Li Mu by staying at Harvard, but she would also get closer to Li Mu.

As for why Harvard gave her such a good special treatment, Su Yingxue could not figure it out for a while. But after confirming that it was not Li Mu's intention, she was very relaxed. So, she did not think of some conspiracy theory. In her opinion, maybe Harvard was returning Li Mu's favor. Although her relationship with Li Mu had not been officially announced to the public, the top management of Harvard knew about it.

After sorting out all the pros and cons, Su Yingxue finally experienced the happiness of being able to have both fish and bear paw. She decided to officially tell her parents and family about it. She believed that they would be happier than she was. The reason why she did not dare to mention it to her family before was that she was afraid that they would force her to accept Harvard's offer. If that happened, she was afraid that she would lose her room to maneuver. Now, she could tell them the good news with confidence.

Li Mu did not think much about the fact that Su Yingxue was retained by Harvard and recommended for an MBA. Like Su Yingxue, he subconsciously felt that Harvard was returning the favor. Although it was unexpected, it was reasonable.

…

Su Weimin and Fang Min, who were far away in Haizhou, were already counting the days. Su Yingxue had been in Harvard for more than half a year and was about to return home. Every day, they looked forward to their daughter coming back from the United States and spending a good summer at home.

At this time, Hua Xia was at seven o 'clock in the morning. Su Weimin went out for a routine jog before going to work, so Fang Min made a simple breakfast at home. After Su Weimin came back, they ate together and went to work.

Su Weimin's mobile phone was on the dining table. Fang Min, who was in the kitchen, heard the phone ringing and vibrating. She thought that something urgent had happened to the Municipal Public Security Bureau, so she hurried out of the kitchen and was about to answer the phone for Su Weimin. However, when she picked up the phone, she found that the screen showed "Daughter (United States)". Fang Min immediately breathed a sigh of relief. She pressed the answer button and said with a smile, "Yingxue, why did you call your father so early?"

Su Yingxue had just had dinner with Li Mu. Since she was going to Silicon Valley with Li Mu tomorrow night, she hurried back to her dormitory to pack her luggage. Tomorrow, Li Mu would meet with the leaders of Harvard. She also had to communicate with her tutor and tell him that she was willing to accept Harvard's invitation. After the summer vacation, she would directly study at Harvard as a third-year undergraduate.

Since she had decided to stay at Harvard, the most important thing for Su Yingxue was to tell her parents about it as soon as possible.

After the phone was connected and she heard her mother's voice, Su Yingxue said, "Mom, there's something I want to discuss with you and Dad. Is my dad there?"

"He went out for a jog," Fang Min said. "I think he'll be back soon. You can tell me if you have anything to say."

Su Yingxue nodded and paused for a moment before saying, "It's time for me to come to Harvard as an exchange student. Everyone is preparing to return to China, but the tutor at Harvard suddenly found me and told me that Harvard wants me to stay at Harvard to study for my undergraduate degree and MBA."

Fang Min said in surprise, "Aren't you an exchange student?

Why does Harvard want you to stay there to study for your undergraduate degree and MBA?

They want you to give up the National People's Congress to study for their undergraduate degree? "

"No."

Su Yingxue said, "What Harvard wants is that they want me to give up my studies for the National People's Congress and go directly to the Harvard School of Economics to continue my junior year. Harvard's credits for the first two years will be calculated as full marks. If I agree, I will directly study for my junior year at Harvard …"

"Really?!"

Fang Min felt like she was dreaming. She asked incredulously, "Does this mean that as long as you agree, you will be an undergraduate student at Harvard?"

"Yes." Su Yingxue said, "That's what it means."

Fang Min cheered excitedly and said, "That's great!

It's really rare for a person to study at Harvard directly in China. It's as difficult as climbing to the sky to get into Harvard's undergraduate degree after graduating from high school. Now Harvard is willing to let you continue your undergraduate studies at Harvard directly. This is like a dream! "

Su Yingxue said, "In addition to this, they are also willing to recommend me to study at Harvard Business School after my undergraduate degree, and then I can directly study for an MBA …"

At this point, Su Yingxue's voice gradually weakened a lot. She felt particularly unconfident in her heart. When she thought that she would have to stay in the United States for at least four years if she accepted Harvard's offer, she felt particularly sorry for her parents.

Su Yingxue was the only daughter in her family. She knew that her parents had always regarded her as the apple of their eyes. During the two years she went to school from Haizhou to Yan Jing, she could clearly feel that her parents were always full of concern for her. It would be very difficult for her parents to accept that she would have to stay in the United States, which was thousands of miles away, for four years.

However, at this moment, Fang Min did not think about her daughter living abroad for four years. All she could think about was Su Yingxue's bright future. An opportunity to study at Harvard and an MBA at the same time was too rare for any student. For non-immigrant students in Hua Xia, such an opportunity was even more precious. It was not an exaggeration to say that it was an opportunity for a carp to jump through the dragon's gate.

Fang Min, who was extremely excited, immediately said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, you must not miss such a good opportunity. You don't have to worry about money. Although we are not rich, it's not a problem for us to grit our teeth and support you to finish your MBA in the United States. You can focus on completing your studies in the United States. This has been your dream since you were a child. Now that you have the opportunity to realize it in advance, you must seize it no matter what!"

Su Yingxue was silent for a moment, then said in a low voice, "Mom, you don't have to worry about money. The Harvard administration said that if I accept this offer, I can get a full scholarship and a foreign student subsidy for the next few years at Harvard. Tuition, miscellaneous fees, and accommodation expenses are all exempted."

Fang Min was stunned on the other end of the phone. At this time, Su Weimin, who had just come back from a jog, pushed open the door and saw his wife holding his phone to her ear at the dining table. He hurriedly asked her, "Honey, is there an emergency at the bureau?"

Only then did Fang Min come back to her senses. She hurriedly waved at him and said excitedly, "Weimin, come quickly. Yingxue called and said that Harvard has invited her to study at Harvard as an undergraduate. After graduation, she will be guaranteed an MBA at Harvard Business School. She will also be exempted from all tuition and miscellaneous fees for the next few years. Your daughter is going to be a student at Harvard!"

"Really?!

You're not kidding, right?! "

Su Weimin was stunned. This kind of thing was just like a fairy tale. The whole family had a very high respect for Harvard. For them, it was already a great relief that their daughter could go to Harvard as an exchange student for half a year. However, they didn't dare to imagine that such a good thing could happen!

Fang Min turned on the phone's speaker and said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, your dad is back. I've turned on the speaker. Tell us, is this all true?"

Su Yingxue said very seriously, "It's true."

Fang Min said in disbelief, "I don't think I've ever heard of such a thing. Tell me, why would Harvard give you such a good treatment?

This treatment is already abnormally generous. "

Su Yingxue said, "This kind of thing is indeed very rare. The reason why the school did this is mainly because of Li Mu. Li Mu has a very close relationship with Harvard, and Harvard is working with Li Mu to run the 3321 website in the United States."

"I see …" Fang Min and Su Weimin both felt relieved at the same time. Li Mu was really resourceful. This kind of thing was almost unimaginable for them, but for Li Mu, he didn't even need to think of a way, and someone would take the initiative to think about it for him.

Su Yingxue said again, "Mom, Dad, I called to tell you about this, and also to ask for your opinion. After all, the United States is so far away from home, and it takes more than ten hours to fly to Shanghai. If I accept it, my chances of going home will definitely be reduced in the next four years. If you don't want me to accept it, I will decline it …"

Although Su Yingxue knew in her heart that her parents would definitely let her accept the offer from Harvard, she still gave the final decision to her parents just in case. If they agreed, she would agree. If they objected, she would not insist and would go back to China. After all, she was a child, and she should give her parents the greatest respect.

When Fang Min heard this, she hurriedly said, "Silly girl, don't be muddle-headed at this time. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. You can't miss it no matter what. We would rather both lose our jobs than let you lose this good opportunity. Don't worry about us. Just focus on your studies in the United States. There are holidays in the United States, and you can go back to China during the holidays. If we have a chance, we will go to the United States to see you!"

Although Su Weimin was very reluctant, she still said firmly, "Yingxue, listen to your mother. Don't give up this good opportunity no matter what."

After that, Su Weimin added, "The United States is not far from our home. It will only take you ten to twenty hours to fly to Shanghai and then transfer back. It will take more than ten hours to come back from Yanjing by sleeper. It seems that the United States is a lot farther, but in terms of travel time, it is still acceptable."