Chapter 799

When Su Weimin returned home, it was already past ten o 'clock at night.

Fang Min didn't ask too much about the details of her daughter's meeting with Li Mu. She had been waiting for Su Weimin to come back. She wanted to ask him what Ding Sicheng said when he invited him to dinner tonight. Su Weimin suddenly got Ding Sicheng's attention, which was definitely a good sign, but Fang Min couldn't guess how good it was.

Su Weimin was a little dizzy when he returned home. Tonight, he and Ding Sicheng drank three bottles of wine, one and a half liters. Although it wasn't too much, it was inevitable that he would feel dizzy.

As soon as Fang Min opened the door, she smelled the strong smell of alcohol on Su Weimin. She didn't complain. She hurriedly helped him into the house and directly sent him to the bedroom.

Su Yingxue was lying on the bed and texting Li Mu. Hearing the noise, she came out and saw her mother helping her father into their bedroom. She couldn't help but come to the door, wrinkling her nose and saying, "Mom, my dad drank again!"

Fang Min said, "Your dad has a social engagement. Don't worry about it. Go back to the room and sleep. I'll bring a basin of water to wipe your dad's body."

Su Yingxue said helplessly, "Tell dad to drink less outside in the future. It's too bad for his health."

Fang Min nodded and waved her hand. "I'll remind him later. Go back to the room and sleep."

Su Yingxue stuck out her tongue and went back to the room to continue texting Li Mu. Fang Min brought a basin of warm water and returned to the bedroom with a towel to wipe Su Weimin's hands, face, and body. While she was busy, she asked him, "How much did you drink?"

Su Weimin's face was red because of the alcohol. He said, "I drank one and a half liters with Secretary Ding."

"So much?" Fang Min couldn't help but be surprised.

Su Weimin said, "I couldn't help it. Secretary Ding wanted to drink. I saw that his body was much weaker than mine, but I didn't expect him to be so good at drinking."

Fang Min saw that Su Weimin was still very awake and spoke very fluently, so she asked, "What did Secretary Ding tell you today?"

Su Weimin smiled and said, "You may not believe it if I tell you, but he came to flatter me today. He kept calling me brother all night. Halfway through the drink, he didn't even let me call him 'Secretary Ding'. He insisted that I call him 'Old Ding'."

Fang Min couldn't help but say, "It's because of Li Mu, isn't it?

I guess Li Mu's influence scared him. "

"Exactly."

Su Weimin sighed and said with a slightly melancholy expression, "I didn't expect that after so many years, I would still have to borrow Li Mu's power to climb up. If it weren't for Li Mu, I probably wouldn't be able to become the city bureau chief in this lifetime."

Fang Min asked him in surprise, "It was last year that you were promoted to the city bureau chief. What does this have to do with Li Mu?"

Su Weimin sighed and explained to Fang Min what he had deduced today bit by bit. Fang Min was also stunned. Although she didn't want to believe it was true, after thinking about it carefully, everything Su Weimin had deduced was based on sufficient facts and was highly credible.

Fang Min said, "Don't think about the past. The key is the future."

"Yes." Su Weimin nodded gently and sighed, "It still depends on the future …"

When he said this, Su Weimin's slightly blurred eyes were full of expectations for the future.

…

Li Mu left Haizhou the next morning.

Although there were two police cars guarding his house downstairs, with the help of Wang Yuanlang, Li Mu easily sneaked into the commercial car arranged by Song Liang. The two slipped away under the eyes of the police of the Municipal Public Security Bureau and went directly to Jinling.

Although Li Mu's return this time was very short, the two original purposes of his plan had been achieved. The Municipal Party Committee promised to protect his parents' safety, and he also took time to see Su Yingxue. In the future, the safety of his parents in Haizhou would be guaranteed by the city bureau, the bodyguards of the Divine Sword Brigade, and Zhang Wanjun. Li Mu could rest assured and let his parents stay in Haizhou to do what they liked.

When his parents came back, he transferred 30 million yuan in cash to their company account. His parents would have a new project for a long time in the future. The scale was not big, but as long as they liked it, it would be the best.

Li Mu called Zhao Kang again. Li Mu wanted to let Zhao Kang handle the donation of police cars to the city bureau. On the one hand, he was completely trustworthy. On the other hand, Zhao Kang was also from Haizhou, and his parents were also in Haizhou. Letting him take this opportunity to get in touch with the Municipal Party Committee and the city bureau would also be good for his future.

At the moment, Zhao Kang's development and growth were far behind Li Mu's speed and height. Douban's water army was important, but Li Mu himself rarely touched the water army level. Therefore, he was also thinking that it was time to give Zhao Kang a new mission. He wanted him to do something that he could do and that would have a profound impact on him.

With the development of his cooperation with Shenzhou Computer, coupled with the Internet boom that he had promoted, and the follow-up national policy of "Computers in Cities", Li Mu had a relatively clear outline and framework for Zhao Kang's new mission in his mind.

Generally speaking, Li Mu wanted Zhao Kang to step forward and open a chain of Internet cafes across the country.

Although it was an Internet cafe, Li Mu's idea was to integrate as much of his existing resources as possible and open an Internet cafe that was different from others.

What was a different Internet cafe?

This depended on the resources that Li Mu had on hand.

First of all, he had a stake in Shenzhou. At this stage, because of the rapid Internet boom that Li Mu had promoted, the local governments' policies on Internet cafes were relatively more relaxed. The biggest cost of opening an Internet cafe was the machines and rent. With Shenzhou, the machines could be guaranteed. In other words, in the future, all the Internet cafes that Zhao Kang opened across the country would all use Shenzhou branded machines. This would also be a great help to Shenzhou's sales.

Secondly, since all the machines would use Shenzhou branded machines and the cost of building the shop had already been invested, the Internet cafe itself could be considered a special and large-scale Shenzhou Computer experience shop. It would have a strong driving effect on the offline marketing and promotion of Shenzhou Computers. In addition, if Shenzhou directly gave the Internet cafe sales agency rights, the Internet cafe itself could become the Shenzhou Computer's offline exclusive shop.

Third, opening an Internet cafe would require hardware and software support personnel. Traditional Internet cafes would hire an administrator and work with external hardware suppliers and operators. However, in the future, Zhao Kang's Internet cafe could directly train professional hardware and software maintenance personnel. This way, the Shenzhou Computer's after-sales service would also be guaranteed in the future.

One of the biggest problems with the Shenzhou Computer was the after-sales service. What's more, in the future, the after-sales service would be even more difficult. If such a chain of Internet cafes could be used to hire some capable maintenance personnel, the after-sales service of the Shenzhou Computer would also be greatly improved, and the brand's reputation would be improved.

In conclusion, opening an Internet cafe with Shenzhou's resources would be a win-win situation for both the Internet cafe and Shenzhou. Naturally, Li Mu would not care about the little profit from opening an Internet cafe. What he wanted was to promote the development of the Internet and the improvement of the netizens through Internet cafes. This complemented his "Computers in the City" plan. On one hand, it was to provide more places and equipment for the Internet in various cities across the country. On the other hand, it was to let more families have their own home computers and access to the Internet.

Li Mu wanted to use the Internet cafe chain as a supporting measure for the "Computers in the City" plan. After all, even if the "Computers in the City" policy was really implemented, there would still be a large number of families and individuals who could not afford a personal computer. They could only access the Internet through Internet cafes.

…

On the way, Li Mu sent a text message to Chen Wan, informing her of the approximate time he would arrive in Jinling. The two agreed on a meeting place, and Chen Wan drove there first to wait for him.

When the business car drove all the way to Jinling, it was almost noon. Li Mu saw Chen Wan's Audi car at the meeting place, and then he got out of the car alone. Song Liang had an appointment with Ye Youdao, so the two temporarily said goodbye and agreed to meet at the airport that night.

As soon as Li Mu got out of the car with a mask on, he was recognized by Chen Wan in the Audi next to him. She honked and then asked Li Mu to get in the car.

Chen Wan was also wearing a mask and sunglasses at this time. Like Li Mu, she was now an absolute public figure, so she had to be more cautious when she went out.

Chen Wan had not seen Li Mu for many days, and she was happy to see him. When Li Mu got in the car, she could not help but say, "I haven't seen you for so many days. Did you miss me?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Of course I did. Otherwise, I wouldn't have come to see you right after sleeping in Haizhou."

Chen Wan felt a sweetness in her heart. She smiled and asked him, "You didn't stay in Haizhou for long this time, right?"

Li Mu said, "Less than 24 hours in total."

Chen Wan asked again, "What time is your flight tonight?"

"Eight o 'clock. I'll go back with Brother Liang."

"In such a hurry?"

Chen Wan sighed and said, "Then it seems that we can only have lunch together. Stay with me for a while in the afternoon. I'll send you to the airport at six o 'clock."

Li Mu nodded and said, "From now until six o 'clock in the afternoon, the time in between is all yours. You can arrange it as you like."

Chen Wan looked at the time and said with a smile, "It's 11 o 'clock in the morning now. That's seven hours until six o' clock in the afternoon. I'm already quite satisfied that you, a super busy person, can give me seven hours."

Li Mu asked her, "Then where are you going to take me in these seven hours?"

Chen Wan started the car and said to Li Mu, "My uncle gave me a model house in the residential area he developed. Usually, no one lives there. I went out to buy some vegetables in the morning, and I'll cook for you at noon."

Li Mu nodded, "Then I'll be your assistant."

Chen Wan's house was in a newly built residential area. The size of the residential area wasn't big, and it was a real estate project of Zhang Kexuan's family. It had just opened at the beginning of the year, and now it was pretty much sold out. However, because it was a new residential area, the occupancy rate wasn't high.

The residential area didn't have an underground garage. Chen Wan parked the car downstairs, and Li Mu carried the various ingredients they bought from the supermarket and went upstairs with her.

In Chen Wan's words, although the house was renovated, no one had ever lived there before. However, after Li Mu entered the house, he discovered that it was exceptionally clean and tidy. All kinds of daily necessities were very complete. After asking in detail, he found out that Chen Wan had hired a housekeeper to clean the house for an entire day yesterday.

As soon as Chen Wan entered the house, she took off her mask and sunglasses. She took out a hair band from her bag and tied her hair into a high ponytail. Then, she took out a bow-tie hair band and tied up her scattered bangs. Her entire face was completely exposed to Li Mu's sight, but no one could find any fault with it. She exuded a sense of competence and excellent temperament.

Although Chen Wan wasn't as old as Wei Lan, due to her profession, her usual dressing and makeup were the same as Wei Lan's. Basically, they both walked the path of maturity and beauty. However, there was a slight difference in the path of familiarity between the two. Chen Wan focused on the overall feeling and temperament that she gave people, while Wei Lan gave people a more visual and psychological sense of charm.

After Chen Wan was done with her hair, she said to Li Mu, "You watch TV for a while, I'll go cook."

Li Mu also took off his mask and threw it to the side, "I'll help you."

Chen Wan smiled, "I can do it myself. You're a billionaire, how could I bear to let you work in the kitchen?"

Li Mu laughed, "You speak as if I'm willing to let a famous beauty like you, a host, work in the kitchen alone."

After saying that, Li Mu carried the plastic bag of vegetables into the kitchen without any explanation. As he walked, he said, "I'm in charge of washing vegetables, picking vegetables, washing rice, and cooking. You're in charge of cooking."

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu's back and revealed a happy smile like a little woman. She immediately followed him and said, "I'm not good at cooking. If it doesn't taste good, you have to be more tolerant."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, as long as it doesn't kill you, I promise to clean it up."

Although he said it lightly, when the two of them got busy in the kitchen, Li Mu quickly discovered that Chen Wan really didn't know how to cook.

Chen Wan prepared a lot of ingredients today. In addition to some simple seasonal vegetables and meat, she also prepared to make braised pork ribs and crucian carp tofu soup. However, she didn't even know that the ribs needed to be boiled first. After washing the ribs, she prepared to fry them in the pan. Li Mu hurriedly stopped Chen Wan, who was about to pour oil into the pan, and asked her, "How are you going to cook the ribs?"

Chen Wan said, "Fry them in oil, then add some water, add some light soy sauce, old soy sauce, and seasonings, and simmer them together."

Li Mu asked her, "Aren't you going to blanch the ribs in boiling water first?"

Chen Wan asked in surprise, "You still have to blanch it in boiling water?"

Li Mu scratched his head and asked again, "Have you boiled water?"

Chen Wan had a puzzled expression, "Why do I need to boil water?"

Li Mu said helplessly, "You need to add hot water to stew meat. If you add cold water, the meat will become dry, and you won't be able to bite it."

"Is that so?" Chen Wan blinked her big eyes and asked Li Mu, "Who told you that?"

"Do I still need to hear it from others?"

Li Mu was lucky that he had lived outside for so many years, and his home-cooking skills were still passable. Seeing her puzzled expression, he shook his head helplessly, "Forget it, you go wash the rice and cook, and wash the fish while you're at it. I'll cook the vegetables and stew the soup."

Chen Wan said with a red face, "Didn't we agree that I'll cook …"

Li Mu said, "Then I'll leave the rice to you. Isn't that the same as you cooking?

You cook, and I cook. It's just right. "

Chen Wan bit her lower lip and said in a low voice, "That's so embarrassing …"

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "Why are you so polite with me?"