Chapter 1104

Li Mu was well aware of how important Wei Lan was to the Wanying Plaza project.

As someone who had been reborn, even if he understood the development of many industries in the next decade or so, if he really wanted to do well in a certain industry, it wouldn't be as simple as just moving his mouth.

Li Mu was extremely glad that he chose the internet in his previous life. Otherwise, if he had majored in international trade or logistics management, he would have been completely clueless in his rebirth. Not to mention building an internet empire, even creating a Hao123 would have been a huge professional barrier.

The reason why he was able to succeed after his rebirth wasn't only because he had enough experience in the internet industry. More importantly, as a senior programmer and a first-rate loser in the internet industry, he had more than ten years of practical experience. Therefore, after his rebirth, he could write a plug-in, a website, or even a piece of software by himself.

However, when it came to real estate, the only thing Li Mu knew was that land prices would skyrocket, housing prices would skyrocket, and commercial real estate would skyrocket. However, if he really had to do it, he would be completely clueless. He didn't even know a single contractor and didn't know where the construction site's entrance was. Moreover, Song Liang hadn't done commercial real estate before, so he didn't know much about it. Compared to Wei Lan, he was in a different realm.

For a core member like Wei Lan, Li Mu's concern for her came from the bottom of his heart. Although he hoped that Wei Lan and Wanying Real Estate could develop together and soar together, he couldn't let her overwork herself at Wanying Real Estate. It was necessary for her to take a proper rest.

Although Li Mu wasn't the manager of Wanying Real Estate, he still generously gave Wei Lan three days off at the dinner table. Coincidentally, today was a Tuesday, so Li Mu thought about it and said to Wei Lan, "Alright, today doesn't count. From tomorrow onwards, you'll have Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday off. You'll have Saturday and Sunday off, then go back to work on Monday."

Wei Lan bit her lower lip and hesitated for a while before nodding. "Alright, then I'll listen to you and rest in Shenzhen for a few days."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll text Brother Liang to say hello."

Wei Lan nodded lightly and watched as Li Mu immediately took out his phone and typed on the keyboard.

After Li Mu put down the phone, Wei Lan asked him, "What did you say to Manager Song?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "To tell you the truth, I told you that you came to Shenzhen to see your friend and met me on the way, so I gave you a few days of leave to have a good rest in Shenzhen."

Wei Lan said unconfidently, "I've been away from work for a long time. I hope you won't be angry."

"He won't." Li Mu smiled and said, "I know exactly what kind of person he is."

Wei Lan nodded and asked Li Mu, "How long will you be staying in Shenzhen?"

Li Mu said, "Not necessarily, but I'll probably be in Guangdong Province in the near future. Currently, Taobao Logistics is in a critical period, especially Guangdong Province, which is the most important place for e-commerce. Therefore, during this time, I'll be working with Liu Shixiong to supervise the progress of Taobao Logistics in Guangdong Province."

Li Mu only said half of the truth and kept the other half in his heart. In fact, what he wanted to wait for was to personally experience the appearance of SARS cases in Guangdong Province. He had planned a whole set of countermeasures and was just waiting for a reasonable reason to start.

When the food was served, Wei Lan ate while chatting with Li Mu. When she thought that she would be spending a few days in Shenzhen, Wei Lan couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Are you busy in Shenzhen recently?"

Li Mu said casually, "It's alright, not really."

He really wasn't busy. For Taobao Logistics, he wasn't a qualified frontline worker. He came in person to help Liu Shixiong.

When Wei Lan heard Li Mu say that he wasn't busy, she said tentatively, "Then if I'm bored, I'll look for you to play. My best friend is usually quite busy, so I don't think she'll always have time to accompany me."

Li Mu nodded subconsciously. "Okay, call me if you're bored."

Wei Lan immediately said happily, "Then it's settled. If I'm bored, I'll call you."

For Wei Lan, the only thing that meant to her in Shenzhen was that Li Mu was here. Therefore, whether or not she would have the opportunity to meet Li Mu frequently in the next few days was what she was really concerned about. After getting such an answer from Li Mu, she was naturally 100% satisfied. At this moment, she already began to think about what excuse she should use to look for Li Mu in the next few days.

Her best friend was too busy, and she was bored alone?

Her best friend was working overtime, and she had no food to eat?

Her best friend's parents were here, and she didn't have a place to stay?

Sigh, forget about this …

As soon as Li Mu agreed, Wei Lan, who didn't know that countless thoughts had sprung up in her mind, suddenly rang.

Li Mu picked up the phone and glanced at the name on the screen. Seeing that it was a call from Chen Wan, he didn't think much and directly pressed the answer button.

Wei Lan and Li Mu sat not far away. When Li Mu picked up the phone, he didn't have any vigilance, so Wei Lan still saw the two words "Chen Wan" on the phone. Her heart tightened for no reason. Chen Wan?

She should be the popular beautiful host, right?

She seemed to have heard that she and Li Mu were from the same hometown, and they had a good relationship.

Wei Lan naturally had a certain understanding of Chen Wan. Chen Wan was young, beautiful, and had an outstanding temperament. She was also a famous beautiful host, and she seemed to be three or four years younger than herself.

Because Wei Lan was older than Li Mu by six or seven years, in Wei Lan's heart, age was one of the biggest points of inferiority in front of Li Mu. Because of this, Chen Wan had a much greater advantage than her. Moreover, she and Li Mu had clearly known each other for a long time, and their relationship was closer. If Li Mu needed a female confidante, Chen Wan was probably more suitable than her.

Just as Wei Lan was thinking, Chen Wan asked Li Mu in a very gentle voice, "When are you coming back?

I'm quite bored at home by myself. "

Li Mu said truthfully, "A colleague from Wanying just happened to come to Shenzhen. I'm treating her to a meal, and I'll go back in a bit. If you're bored, you can watch TV first."

When Chen Wan heard that Li Mu had a meal, she immediately said sensibly, "I'm not in a hurry. If you have something to do, go ahead. I'll watch TV."

"Okay."

Li Mu didn't say anything more to Chen Wan. He said goodbye to her and hung up. He put the phone back on the dining table. Li Mu didn't notice Wei Lan's hesitant gaze.

At this moment, Wei Lan's mind was spinning. She wasn't surprised that Chen Wan called Li Mu. It was just that Li Mu told Chen Wan that he would go back in a bit and told her to watch TV first if she was bored. This was too unusual.

She didn't need to think to know that Chen Wan must be waiting for Li Mu somewhere at this moment, and she must be in Shenzhen!

When she thought about how Li Mu had just appeared in front of the media, Wei Lan was even more certain of her guess. Chen Wan must have used the opportunity of interviewing Li Mu to fly over to meet Li Mu, right?

But an interview was an interview. Could it be that the two of them were living together?

Otherwise, Li Mu wouldn't have spoken to her like that on the phone …

The intelligent Wei Lan immediately guessed the core of the problem: Li Mu and Chen Wan's relationship was definitely not ordinary.

To make it even clearer, it was: Li Mu and Chen Wan must be secret lovers.

Wei Lan wasn't a gossipy person, but because this matter was related to Li Mu, her brain couldn't stop. She carefully thought about Chen Wan's rise to fame. It was almost all because of Li Mu's help behind the scenes. Wei Lan was even more certain of her guess.

Li Mu had a girlfriend. Wei Lan was very clear about this. She also knew that the two of them rarely met. Moreover, with Li Mu's current identity and the people and things he came into contact with, a female university student would probably have a hard time truly satisfying Li Mu's needs for women.

In comparison, Chen Wan was clearly much more suitable than Li Mu's girlfriend in university. On one hand, Chen Wan had a more mature female charm. On the other hand, she was currently one of the most popular female hosts in the country. She could chase after Li Mu on a higher level.

Wei Lan's mood, which had just become happy, suddenly fell to the bottom of the valley. There was nothing sadder than this. She was just thinking about becoming Li Mu's right-hand man in the future, becoming his secret lover, and always following by his side. In the end, in the blink of an eye, she discovered that Li Mu already had one …

Wei Lan wanted to play dumb and ask Li Mu who called, but on second thought, why would she ask for a rebuff? No matter how Li Mu answered, the truth was already in front of her.

Li Mu noticed that Wei Lan suddenly became silent. She didn't move her chopsticks for a long time, as if she wasn't in a good state. He couldn't help but ask her, "What are you thinking about? You're holding your chopsticks in a daze."

"Ah?

Oh … "Wei Lan came back to her senses, and a bit of panic flashed in her eyes. She hurriedly said," Maybe I'm too tired. I'm a bit absent-minded. "

Li Mu followed her words and said, "Then you have to rest well. Where does your best friend live?

I'll send you there after we finish eating. "

"Ah?" Wei Lan was suddenly stumped by Li Mu's question. That's right, where did her "best friend" live?

She didn't know much about Shenzhen, so she couldn't even make up a name for the district.

Wei Lan could only stammer and say, "I really don't know where she lives. I originally said that I would call her after I finish work in the afternoon."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you can ask her for an address later. I'll send you there."

"No need." Wei Lan pretended to be relaxed and said, "You can do your work later. I'll directly take a taxi to find her."

Although she said that, Wei Lan couldn't help but think that if Li Mu really took advantage of the situation and replied with an "okay", then how bad would her heart feel?

Wei Lan couldn't help but feel a wave of regret. She really shouldn't have come to Shenzhen.

She could have directly flown back to Beijing, but she insisted on taking a boat and made up a reason to meet him. In the end, she didn't expect that she would accidentally discover the special relationship between him and Chen Wan. Not only was she upset, but she also had to stay in Shenzhen alone for three to five days. After all, she had already told the lie. Even if she had to hold back her tears, she had to finish this act. Otherwise, if she returned to Beijing tomorrow, how would she explain it to Li Mu?