Chapter 1061

Although Li Mu was full of respect and awe for the Internet industry, it did not mean that he would have any fear for the industry leaders at this stage.

This was true for Yahoo!, Google, Microsoft, and Apple.

In today's Internet industry, Makino Technology's product capabilities were unparalleled. YY was the nail that wedged itself into the US market. Now that YY was rapidly sweeping across the US, Li Mu could already say goodbye to all similar products in advance.

In Li Mu's view, the success of YY was unstoppable. If he was given another month, the daily active users of similar products such as MSN and ICQ would plummet by at least 80%. Most users would move closer to YY and gradually abandon similar products. In this case, Li Mu had to consider how much he could do in the US market around the indestructible YY ecosystem. He did not have to worry about any industry leaders damaging the foundation of YY.

In this case, how could Li Mu stand a Yahoo reporter's anger?

I don't care if this is purely personal behavior, or secretly represents the entire Yahoo's attitude towards Makino Technology. Since you pretended to be pretentious in front of the world's media, then don't blame me for taking you seriously.

What's more, Li Mu already realized that the Yahoo reporter who ran into his gun today had brought him an excellent publicity opportunity. How could he let go of such a good opportunity?

Li Mu was well aware of the media's preferences. No matter what industry or group it was, the news of a quarrel would attract the media's attention the most, and it could also trigger the media's excitement the most. Therefore, it was a great publicity opportunity for Li Mu to confront the Yahoo reporter in public.

Therefore, for the first time, Li Mu lost his composure and confronted an ordinary reporter.

In Li Mu's words, the smell of gunpowder was completely undisguised. First, he conveyed an absolutely contemptuous tone towards Yahoo: Even if Yahoo is the number one in the industry, it is impossible to have the ability to affect me. Second, Li Mu's subsequent words were very clear. You can't affect me, but I can affect you. Yahoo's two largest business segments were portals and mailboxes. It just so happened that these two segments were the first echelon of the YY ecosystem.

Because of the confrontation with the Yahoo reporter, Li Mu announced in front of the world's media that Makino Technology would strengthen the development of portals and mailboxes. This shocked all the other media in the audience.

Young people are really aggressive. Just one word from him, and he can't wait to adjust the strategy of the entire army to fight back. It seemed like he was making a fuss over a minor issue, but the meticulous thinking behind it was also terrifying.

For the US market, YY was an instant messaging software from a "tool." Therefore, the elite group who used it as a tool had a very deep understanding of the overall functions of YY. Many elite groups who used YY to improve their office efficiency changed their usual mailboxes to YY mailboxes, or used the YY mailbox function to send and receive. It was equivalent to YY integrating a Foxmail function.

However, for ordinary users, they entered YY because of Paradise Town. Therefore, they directly used YY as an instant messaging product. In this case, YY's functions of communication, social interaction, group chat, and group video attracted a lot of attention from ordinary users. However, the business-oriented functions of YY mailbox were a little weak for them. Li Mu originally did not intend to promote mailbox products to ordinary users at this time, but now was the perfect opportunity.

After angrily confronting the Yahoo reporter, this small episode would definitely be treated as big news by the media. In particular, in order to retaliate against a small reporter, he directly announced that he would adjust the strategic plan of Makino Technology and speed up the promotion and launch of YY website and YY mailbox. As long as this news was exposed, it would inevitably increase the overall exposure of YY, YY website, and YY mailbox. At that time, there would be so many media competing to report on it. It was definitely a good opportunity that money could not buy.

On the other hand, at this time, the Yahoo reporter looked like he had been beaten up. His face was full of pain.

He did not expect that by relying on the advantage of being the number one in the Yahoo industry and mocking Li Mu, he would be directly attacked by Li Mu. Most importantly, Li Mu even escalated the matter of him being smart to the point of directly adjusting the company's strategy. This scared the hell out of him.

Although he was only a reporter, after all, he came from Yahoo and had a very deep understanding of the industry. He knew that what Li Mu said was not wrong at all. Although Makino Technology was many grades lower than Yahoo in terms of market value, Makino Technology's business and product line were high and solid. They were unprecedented in the entire industry. Therefore, Makino Technology had always been an attacker in the industry, not a defender. Yahoo could not do anything to Makino Technology at any level.

But Makino Technology was different. Makino Technology was more or less a threat to any Internet company in the world. Its instant messaging software not only gave a huge blow to similar competitors, but also threatened all Internet products.

Especially for Internet companies like Yahoo, which did not have a solid foundation in the field of strong demand. It was like building a tower on sand. The higher it was, the more dangerous it was. Once Li Mu used the product with strong demand as the foundation and launched an attack on its core product, it would be difficult for Yahoo to resist this kind of impact. Even if Li Mu was not strong enough to completely defeat Yahoo, the interference he brought was enough to bring a huge blow to Yahoo.

After understanding this, the reporter was naturally terrified. He wanted to say something to make up for it, but Li Mu had already instructed the staff to take away his microphone and handed it to the next person.

Seeing that he had caused a disaster, the reporter was extremely depressed. It was not a wise choice to confront Li Mu at the press conference. If he succeeded, it might bring him a certain amount of fame, but if he failed, the price would be too high. If everything Li Mu said was fulfilled, then his stupid move would bring an enemy that Yahoo could not afford to offend. At the same time, it would bring an unimaginable impact to Yahoo's business.

Because of his cheap mouth, he caused such a big trouble for the company. Basically, he could not escape the fate of being killed by Yahoo. What he did today would probably soon spread far and wide. At that time, it would be difficult for any company to hire him as an employee.

Li Mu saw that after the reporter's microphone was taken away, he sat in his seat and cried sadly. He sneered in his heart and simply turned his eyes to the side. What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.

…

Before the press conference ended, the news of Li Mu confronting the Yahoo reporter at the press conference had already been released through the reporters present.

Although the major media used different headlines, the core point expressed in the headlines was highly consistent: Yahoo's reporter confronted Li Mu and was slapped in the face by Li Mu. Then, Li Mu announced that he would compete with Yahoo in the portal and email market in advance.

The US media still had professional ethics. They did not deliberately conceal part of what happened at the scene. Instead, they reported the cause and effect of the incident. In an instant, the public opinion on the US Internet was full of support for Li Mu.

The values of US society were more obvious about good and evil than Hua Xia. This could be seen from the various kinds of superhero comics that were popular in the US. Moreover, US law, to a certain extent, highly supported the defense and counterattack of the victim. Therefore, when Li Mu confronted the Yahoo reporter, he immediately responded angrily. This was completely in line with US values, and it was enough to make every American applaud.

What was more interesting was that no one thought that there was anything wrong with Li Mu's actions at the company level. On the contrary, everyone thought that the Yahoo reporter was a typical example of a person who would not die if he did not seek death. Even if he worked for Yahoo, which was worth more than 100 billion US dollars, he was still far behind Li Mu, who was worth tens of billions of US dollars. Therefore, even if he did not show due respect to Li Mu, he would never use the company's reputation and status to sneer at Li Mu and Makino Technology. Therefore, in the eyes of the public, Li Mu should teach him a lesson.

At the same time, Li Mu's domineering CEO style, which did not tolerate the mistakes of others, suddenly gained him countless fans in the US. There were few CEO's as young as him, and the key was that this CEO was so domineering, which was really in line with the appetite of young people.

When this news was trending, the news that Li Mu wanted to convey was quickly released along with the media.

When the senior executives of Yahoo learned of this news, they were so angry that their lungs almost exploded.

Although they had already regarded Makino Technology and YY as potential competitors, they had always felt that Li Mu's current focus should be on YY and would not have the time to compete with Yahoo for the time being.

But never in their wildest dreams would they have imagined that a reporter affiliated with Yahoo would take the initiative to provoke Li Mu, to the point that Li Mu would publicly declare that he would compete with Yahoo in email and web portals. This was completely bad news for Yahoo. They were not worried about the impact that YY's English web portal would have on Yahoo. What they were most worried about was that, in the eyes of industry insiders, YY's email was ridiculously powerful!

YY email was indeed the best email service in the world at the moment. At the same time, because of the built-in complete sending and receiving function, users could use the various functions of YY email without giving up their original email account, especially the online preview function. This approach made the product more inclusive.