Chapter 1106

Originally, Le Tao only tacitly and secretly encouraged the sellers on the platform to sell fake goods. It did not actually participate in the sales, so the risk of Le Tao's policies was not very high.

This way, if the government cracked down on fake goods in the future, without any evidence to prove that Le Tao actively encouraged the sale of fake goods, Le Tao itself would not be affected much.

Because the sellers of fake goods were all from Le Tao, according to the platform's regulations, they had to bear all legal responsibilities for the products they sold. As an intermediary platform, Le Tao would only bear the indirect responsibility for supervising the products on the platform. It would not bear direct legal responsibilities. When the time comes, the sellers who sold fake goods with a large amount of money might be directly prosecuted, while Le Tao would at most be given a symbolic administrative fine by the Ministry of Industry and Commerce as a warning. That was all.

If things continued at this pace, although Le Tao's operation was immoral, it would not be easy to catch its weak points, and it would be difficult to put together a complete chain of evidence. However, Boss Ma was too thirsty. He had been suppressed by Li Mu for so long, and it was not easy for him to find a breakthrough point. Now, all he could think of was to speed up!

Therefore, in order to further accelerate the development of Le Tao, Boss Ma decided to take a further risk. Le Tao would secretly help to promote the rapid growth of the platform's various indicators.

Actively participating in the sale of fake goods was like walking on thin ice to some of the founders of Le Tao, but Boss Ma did not care about it. He was a cunning old fox, and in order to avoid as much risk as possible, he had set up many firewalls.

First of all, in order to transact between the factory and the seller, Boss Ma specially bought the shell of a trading company that had been registered for more than three years. Boss Ma didn't even know the legal person of this company. Not only the legal person, but the actual shareholders of this shell company were also mysterious people who couldn't be found.

From any angle, Boss Ma and Le Tao's shareholders and members had nothing to do with this shell company, and the shell company itself did not need any additional investment. It was only responsible for receiving the goods from the factory, and then through logistics to the various sellers on Le Tao.

Once the investigation led to the shell company, it did not matter, the shell company would just give up. This company had no legal relationship with Le Tao, and the government would not be able to trace it back.

In addition, in order to avoid losses when the shell company ran into problems, Boss Ma required that every account of the shell company be transferred in and out quickly. Except for the start-up capital, every return of the shell company would be directly transferred to the factory in the shortest time possible. In this way, the shell company would always be an empty shell. Even if it was destroyed, there would be no additional losses.

What Li Mu said at the launch ceremony quickly reached Boss Ma's ears, but he didn't care. Le Tao had been suppressed by Li Mu several times, but he still gritted his teeth and endured. Li Mu's attacks didn't make him give up. Now that Le Tao finally had the chance to flourish, how could he be affected by a few words from Li Mu?

Moreover, Boss Ma had a very clear judgment of the current policy situation. From his point of view, the government would generally give new businesses space to develop, and when the time was right, they would take the appropriate measures. Hence, the possibility of the government regulating e-commerce was very small, and the possibility of regulating counterfeits was also very small. Le Tao still had at least five years to develop.

Boss Ma did not want to make a fortune by selling counterfeits. He only wanted to let Le Tao survive through this gray market, and at the same time, accumulate enough users. When the time was right, he would make the transition. With enough users, the success rate of the transition would be much higher.

During this period, there were a lot of people on the internet who did things with such an unscrupulous and shortcut attitude, especially a large number of individual webmasters. When they first started, they relied on all kinds of irrelevant pictures and content to attract traffic. When the traffic increased, they would only change their previous irrelevant content. This way, they could lead a large number of traffic and users to a longer path of development.

Among them, the most representative was the online literature industry. The online literature industry had gone through the PC era and the mobile Internet era. In the PC era, various major pirated websites illegally stole paid content from legitimate websites, and made it available for users to read for free on the Internet. They used this to make huge profits.

There were quite a number of pirate websites that, after accumulating enough traffic and users, invested money to build a content team. Then, they transformed into a genuine literature website. They deleted their dark history and turned into an original platform.

In the mobile Internet era, many pirated apps developed in the same way. First, they would shamelessly make pirated apps to attract installers. When the number of pirated apps reached a certain level and the pressure from the government increased, they would change and become the so-called "legitimate" app.

Under normal circumstances, the progress of policy was indeed as Boss Ma understood. In order to encourage innovation and the development of new things, the government would not immediately regulate most of the new things. Instead, they would first let them develop freely and let them fight on their own in the market. When they developed to a certain level, the government would act as a corrective mechanism and optimize this new thing. They would extract the essence, get rid of the dross, and leave behind a healthy industry model.

Regardless of whether it was pirated music, movies, or fake goods, the policy was gradually tightened according to the needs of the times. For example:

After 2015, the domestic copyright protection in the field of digital music and movies had almost reached a complete purification. There were no music websites and apps that could freely provide all artists' songs to listen to and download. There were no video websites that could casually provide all kinds of movies, TV series, and variety shows to watch online. Everything had to have a clear copyright authorization chain to achieve absolute respect for the copyright owner.

The only pity was that the online literature industry had never received the high-level protection that the digital music and digital film industry had received.

Boss Ma thought that he had accurately grasped the pulse of the national policy. However, he never dreamed that Li Mu had already made a request to the higher-ups to regulate the e-commerce industry. After he vaguely mentioned it again, the government was really preparing to purify the e-commerce industry.

Minister Zhen of the Economic and Trade Commission called Li Mu that night.

When the call came, Li Mu and Chen Wan had just finished eating and were snuggling on the sofa to watch TV. When he received the call, Li Mu instantly beamed with joy.

"Hello, Minister Zhen!"

Li Mu's voice was filled with happiness from the bottom of his heart. This was because he knew very well that Minister Zhen must have good news to convey to him at this time, and it was most likely the good news that he had been looking forward to.

Minister Zhen had become the mouthpiece between the higher-ups and Li Mu when he came to Li Mu's company for inspection. This time, the higher-ups had decided to formulate regulations for the e-commerce industry and purify the e-commerce industry, and it was also under the instruction of Minister Zhen to convey the message to Li Mu.

Minister Zhen chuckled and greeted Li Mu, "Little Li, long time no see!"

Li Mu quickly replied, "Yes, Minister Zhen, long time no see. When I return to Beijing, I will definitely pay you a visit."

Minister Zhen smiled, "Great, welcome!

Your trip to the United States this time has really brought honor to our country. The bosses are especially pleased with your performance, and they asked me to convey their affirmation to you. They also hope that you will continue to work hard in the future and continue to create new glory on the international stage. "

Li Mu didn't expect the higher-ups to acknowledge him so much. He quickly said to Minister Zhen, "Minister Zhen, thank you and the other leaders for your encouragement and recognition. I will definitely redouble my efforts and create more glory."

"That's good!"

Minister Zhen sighed and said, "Little Li, there's one more thing. When we met last time, you said that you hoped the government could legislate and regulate the e-commerce industry. The higher-ups discussed it seriously and asked me to tell you that the country has decided to formulate a set of regulations and regulations for the development of the e-commerce industry. We have also noticed that some domestic e-commerce companies have started to play the edge ball, so the higher-ups have decided to strike hard. Before announcing the regulations to the public, we will first investigate and collect evidence from those companies that have violated the rules. When the regulations are announced, we will immediately smash those companies that are playing the edge ball!"

When Li Mu heard this, he immediately understood in his heart that the higher-ups wanted to protect Taobao.

Makino Technology had already shocked the world, and the next Hua Xia Internet company that was most likely to continue to shock the world was Taobao. His attitude towards Taobao and the e-commerce industry had already been very clear, and that was to use strong laws and regulations to completely purify the e-commerce environment. Only then would it be beneficial for the rapid and healthy development of the e-commerce industry.

Now, Taobao and Taobao Logistics were developing at an extremely fast pace. If the industry was completely purified, it would be an even greater driving force for Li Mu and Taobao.

Li Mu, who was extremely excited, immediately said to Minister Zhen, "Minister Zhen, this news is of great significance to Taobao and the development of our country's e-commerce industry. Thank you, and thank the higher-ups for their concern and concern for the e-commerce industry. Taobao will definitely set an example in the future and set a perfect example for our Hua Xia e-commerce industry!"

"Good, good, good!"

Minister Zhen said 'good' three times in a row, and said in an exceptionally cheerful tone, "This matter will be settled by the end of this year, so I'm calling because I need your help with another matter."

"Minister Zhen, please speak!"

Minister Zhen said, "No one knows our domestic e-commerce industry better than you. I'm sure you have a good understanding of which companies have violated the rules in their operations. If it's possible, I hope that you can anonymously provide us with a rough introduction so that we can understand the industry as soon as possible and avoid some detours."