Chapter 1477

Makino Technology and Baidu jointly established Muye & and provided a large number of technical patents, talents, and funds to this newly established company. This series of actions gave Google a great sense of pressure. Now, Muye & launched Muye Search in just a few days, which meant that Li Mu had launched his first round of attack on Google.

From the perspective of time, the beta version of Muye Search was launched in a hurry. However, it was precisely because of this that Google felt more pressured. This proved that Makino Technology had truly obtained a full set of technical patents from Baidu. For Muye &, the engine was an open-source website code. As long as they changed the domain name and logo, they could immediately create an identical website.

Time was short, but there was a strong guarantee. This proved the high efficiency of Makino Technology in resource integration. They were able to come up with such a mature solution in a few days. It might not be long before Muye Search could be on par with Google in terms of technology.

Larry Page and the senior executives of Google originally thought that Li Mu was fighting on multiple fronts, and it was impossible for him to mobilize his troops and resources to fight with them on the search engine. However, Li Mu slapped them in the face with practical actions. Not only did he mobilize his troops, but it seemed that he had also mobilized his main force.

Then, for Google, everything was easy to predict. Muye & would launch Muye Search in a short time and integrate it into all of their product arrays. An all-out war between Muye & Google was about to break out.

At this time, Google had truly felt the deadly threat and huge pressure of Makino Technology. None of them wanted this war to really start, because no matter what the result was, Google would be the biggest victim.

If Makino Technology, a highly aggressive company, was compared to the Third Reich during World War II, Google was not qualified to be the Soviet Union of the same period. At most, it was equivalent to France or Poland of the same period. Once this war started, the territory that Google had worked so hard to build over the years would be impacted into ruins. Even if Makino Technology could not annex or destroy Google in the end, at least Google could be beaten into ruins. In the following days, Google could only resist with difficulty while exhausting itself to rebuild during the war.

All of a sudden, the entire Google was in a state of panic.

However, at the same time, Li Mu was deducing a completely different set of sandboxes in his mind.

In Li Mu's mind, he did not really want to divert most of his energy from the existing business to fight with Google on the search engine.

Muye Technology itself had many key businesses. In addition to its own YY ecosystem business, there was also the cloud computing business that was constantly being invested in all over the world. In addition, after Andy Rubin joined Muye Technology, he had now begun to secretly start the research and development of Android. After Apple was completely integrated into Muye Technology, they would also start the research and development of iOS and hardware simultaneously.

Hardware not only included smartphones, smart tablets, and Macs, but also extremely important core components such as microprocessing chips. All of these required a lot of manpower, material resources, financial resources, and energy. Therefore, if he really started a full-scale war with Google at this time, it would have a great impact on the entire war.

For Li Mu, these business directions couldn't be abandoned at the current stage. Google couldn't see the hidden value of these businesses and couldn't guess how important these businesses were to him. That was why they were deceived by the strategic illusion of "besieging Google with all our strength".

In Li Mu's view, the future market for search engines was very large, but it was far less important than the hardware and operating system of the mobile Internet era. Therefore, from the beginning, his strategy for search engines was very simple. He did not want to become the leader of the search engine industry. He only wanted to form a shareholding in the major domestic and foreign search engine companies. To be able to effortlessly share a part of the search engine market in the future was far better than investing a lot of energy to do it himself.

Moreover, Li Mu knew very well that even if he did it himself and did his best, Muye Search would never be able to suppress its competitors in the search engine market. Just like Baidu, even if Google did not withdraw from the Hua Xia market, Google could not suppress Baidu. At most, it could squeeze the survival space of Baidu and make Baidu's life a little harder.

Similarly, in the domestic search market dominated by Baidu, there were still search engines such as Xinma Search, 360search, and Sogou Search. Although they were a lot worse than Baidu, Baidu could not really kill them.

Since that was the case, why fight the cruel war of attrition with Google?

It was enough to divide up a part of its territory at a very low cost.

Now that Makino Technology had invested in Baidu, as long as it invested in Google, the future profits of the search engine market would basically be in its mouth. However, the people of Google really did not know how to appreciate favors. They did not want to give in until Zhang Heng took out his knife and threatened them.

In this case, for the sake of greater benefits, Li Mu had no choice but to fight against Google. The best result would be to make Google afraid and cower in an instant. If Google did not cower, Li Mu could only invest more energy to cripple it.

However, in Li Mu's strategic plan, cowering to Google was the best choice.

Rejecting Google's concession, establishing Muye & rejecting Larry Page's request to meet, in fact, were all part of Li Mu's plan. He had dug an unprecedented pit for Google, waiting for Google to jump into it.

…

Larry Page really couldn't figure out Li Mu's real trump card. The current situation seemed to be so complicated that he couldn't figure it out.

However, Larry Page could more or less confirm one thing, which was that Li Mu wanted a share of the search engine market. Just like his initial request, as long as Google gave him enough shares, he was willing to cooperate with Google and temporarily give up on the search engine plan.

Originally, this was a very good situation. Google would sacrifice some immediate benefits in exchange for the support of Makino Technology's powerful resources. Then, they would work hand in hand with Makino Technology towards a better future. However, Google's internal insensitivity made them lose the opportunity to cooperate with Li Mu for a win-win situation. Now, it seemed that Li Mu was enraged and decided to launch an all-out attack on Google.

However, the pressure of the army, the siege of the city, and some small-scale conflicts did not mean that there was only one path in the current situation, which was to fight with all their strength.

Larry Page felt that if Google was sincere, there was still a chance for them to seek peace with Li Mu. Even if the price of seeking peace might be higher than before, it was still much better than waiting for Makino Technology to launch an all-out war.

After confirming this idea, Larry Page once again organized a high-level meeting. At the meeting, he asked everyone, "Everyone, I don't want to talk too much nonsense today. I just want to ask you, are we ready to fight with Makino Technology?"

The room was silent.

After a while, a shareholder said with an impatient expression, "Larry, how can we fight with Makino Technology now?

We haven't even really found a way to improve the stickiness and loyalty of users to Google. Users may use Google today, but they may use other search engines tomorrow. This can be seen by looking at our average daily UV and the number of our users. More than 90% of the users who use Google search every day are non-users. On the other hand, Makino Technology's hundreds of millions of users are all registered users. This is a great weakness for us. Think about how Makino Technology defeated QQ in Hua Xia! "

These days, Google had conducted a lot of analysis on the past history of Makino Technology, trying to figure out Li Mu's way of doing things. Li Mu used Happy Farm and YY to take away most of QQ's users in one fell swoop, which left a deep impression on them. Li Mu was very good at this kind of thing. When the opponent reacted, he would already have a knife on the opponent's neck.

Google was also afraid that Li Mu had a bigger plan in the dark. Once Muye Search was officially launched, it might suddenly attack Google from a certain point of entry.

They couldn't win in a direct fight. If the opponent used some tricks, there would be no hope.

So when Larry Page asked if they were ready to fight, no one had anything to say.

Larry Page saw that everyone's pessimism was growing. He sighed and said, "In this case, the key to our next step is to sue for peace with Li Mu."

"Sue for peace?" A shareholder blurted out, "I'm afraid it's too late to sue for peace now.

With Li Mu's current situation, I'm afraid he won't stop until he's dead. "

"Yes …" The other shareholders were equally pessimistic.

The enemy was already at the city gate, and had even set up heavy artillery to attack the city. What confidence did they have to sue for peace at this time?

Larry Page said loudly with some irritation, "You don't have to think about whether Li Mu will agree or not!

Think about what else we can do other than to sue for peace!

If you are sure that there is no better way, then I will personally go to Hua Xia and talk to Li Mu! "

"But Li Mu doesn't want to see you at all. You tried before he left the United States, but he didn't even give you a chance to see him."

Larry Page said with a resolute expression, "Whether Li Mu is willing to see me or not, I have to try again. If it really doesn't work this time, then we can only deal with Makino Technology's attack with all our strength. Even if we inevitably fail, there is no other way out."

Someone asked him, "Are you sure that Li Mu will see you if you go to Hua Xia?"

Larry Page said, "Let's not talk about this first. I will go directly to Hua Xia and then personally go to Makino Technology to see him. I believe that no matter what, Li Mu will at least be willing to meet me for the sake of me flying all the way there. As long as I can meet him, there is a chance. If I can't even meet him, like I said just now, there is no other way out."