Chapter 1166

Zhao Xianliang found that his wife and daughter seemed to be in a particularly good mood today.

As for the reason why they were in a particularly good mood, Zhao Xianliang himself was very clear. It was nothing more than Li Mu returning home today.

Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but compare in his heart. He occasionally came back from business trips, but he had never seen them so happy. Could it be that Li Mu's position in their hearts was higher than his?

Thinking of this, Zhao Xianliang felt particularly depressed, so he seemed to be a little depressed.

However, neither Zhao Ziqiu nor her mother Xie Yun noticed that Zhao Xianliang was not right today.

Zhao Ziqiu was happy simply because she was going to see Li Mu soon. As for her mother Xie Yun, there were too many reasons for her to be happy.

Xie Yun originally admired Li Mu very much. Naturally, she was extremely satisfied that her daughter had found such a boyfriend. But later she found out that her daughter was a third party, and that she was a silly girl who was willing not to fight for status. She couldn't sit still no matter what.

Xie Yun thought for a long time before she came up with such a way to lure the tiger away from the mountain. She used a lot of connections and money to put Su Yingxue into a "bag" and then sent her to the United States. Today happened to be the day that Su Yingxue left for the United States. For at least half a year, her woman would not have to face the threat of Su Yingxue.

Although this method made Xie Yun feel a little contemptuous, it was nothing for her daughter's lifelong happiness.

Behind Zhao Xianliang's back, Xie Yun kept looking for opportunities to brainwash Zhao Ziqiu and urged her, "Su Yingxue will be an exchange student for half a year. You have to seize the opportunity and let Li Mu make a decision as soon as possible. Don't be muddle-headed every day."

Zhao Ziqiu avoided her mother's eyes and said hesitantly, "I know, mom. Don't worry."

Although she said that, Zhao Ziqiu thought it was just a way to deal with her mother. She couldn't say something that would make Li Mu break up with Su Yingxue and be with her.

Xie Yun naturally knew what kind of girl Zhao Ziqiu was. She knew that Zhao Ziqiu probably wouldn't do as she said, so she could only sigh and remind her, "Mom has said and done what should be said and done. The rest is up to you."

…

When Li Mu arrived in Hangzhou, it was getting late. Zhao Xianliang sent a motorcade to pick up Li Mu and his three bodyguards, while Li Mu sat in the car and kept talking on the phone.

The first call was from Liu Shixiong. The efficiency of the Taobao team was very high. Now they had reached an agreement with most of the domestic enterprises in the fields of disinfectants, hand sanitizers, disinfectant wipes, medical gloves, and so on. Taobao gave them a certain premium on the basis of the original order price, in exchange for them doing two things for Taobao.

First, they needed these enterprises to be absolutely confidential and sign a strict confidentiality agreement to ensure that these enterprises would not leak the information to the public.

Second, all the goods they produced for Taobao had to be printed with the eye-catching words "Special Supply of Taobao" on the packaging, so that they could better enhance the corporate image of Taobao in the country.

Now, almost all the related enterprises in the country were producing at full capacity for Taobao. Almost all the production lines were in a state of high load. The related enterprises had never been so busy in recent years, but they also didn't know what Taobao wanted to do by purchasing these materials. But no matter what, with the cash in front of them, the first task was to earn as much as possible.

In addition, the team sent by Taobao Logistics had found enough warehouse resources near the seven major logistics distribution centers in the country. It was definitely not a problem to store two billion worth of materials.

Hearing the good news from Liu Shixiong, Li Mu was relieved.

At present, the production of related materials in the country was going smoothly. It wouldn't take long for Taobao to be able to hoard a large number of epidemic materials. It was likely that these materials couldn't really help doctors cure SARS, but these materials would definitely play a major role in maintaining social stability, stabilizing the people's hearts, and stabilizing the price of goods.

Zhao Xianliang's motorcade directly drove Li Mu and the others to the Zhao family's villa by West Lake. As soon as the car entered the courtyard, before it stopped, Li Mu saw Zhao Ziqiu running out of the door.

When Li Mu got out of the car, Zhao Ziqiu was already in front of him. She was so happy that she subconsciously jumped into Li Mu's arms, so Li Mu caught her and spun her around twice on the spot.

After Wang Yuanlang and the others got out of the car, they were properly settled down. A driver in the motorcade guided the three of them to the reception hall in the west wing of the villa. Food and guest rooms had already been prepared for them.

After Li Mu held Zhao Ziqiu for about half a minute, Zhao Ziqiu came down. She was so excited that her little face was red. She took Li Mu's hand and said, "Let's go in quickly. My parents are waiting for you."

Li Mu nodded and stepped into the villa with Zhao Ziqiu. As soon as they entered the door, Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun, who were sitting in the living room, stood up. Xie Yun subconsciously took a few steps toward the door and said to Li Mu with a smile, "Are you hungry?

The auntie at home is already cooking. Just wait for a while. Come and sit down and have a rest. "

Li Mu said politely, "Thank you, Auntie Xie. I'm not hungry. I ate something on the plane to make up for it."

After saying that, Li Mu, who had changed his shoes, was pulled to the sofa in the living room by Zhao Ziqiu. Zhao Xianliang greeted Li Mu and invited Li Mu to sit opposite him.

Naturally, Zhao Ziqiu sat next to Li Mu, while Xie Yun returned to Zhao Xianliang's side. Zhao Xianliang looked at his daughter holding Li Mu's arm affectionately and felt a little unhappy. It was said that a married daughter was like water that was poured out. It was not false at all. It was still a long time before they got married, but she had already performed incisively and vividly.

Xie Yun looked at her daughter's affectionate behavior with Li Mu and felt very satisfied. No boy could be like Li Mu. She couldn't find any fault with him. If he could really become her son-in-law in a few years, it couldn't be more perfect.

After Li Mu sat down, Zhao Xianliang handed him a boutique panda. Usually, when he smoked at home, his wife would control him. He could only go outside to smoke on such a cold day. However, since Li Mu was here, he could also benefit from it. His wife certainly wouldn't say anything.

Sure enough, when Xie Yun saw that Zhao Xianliang and Li Mu each lit a cigarette, they didn't look unhappy at all. She glanced at her daughter, who looked like a happy little woman, and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, it's not easy for you to come home. This time, you should stay at home for a few more days. Ziqiu happens to be at home on vacation, so let her accompany you around."

Zhao Ziqiu's little face seemed to be dyed red. She didn't dare to look at her mother, who was sitting opposite her. This was what she had always wanted to say, but because she knew that Li Mu was very busy, she was always embarrassed to say it. She didn't expect that her mother would say it for her.

At this time, Li Mu was a little embarrassed and declined, "Thank you for your kindness, Auntie Xie, but I may not be able to stay for too long. There are still a lot of very important things waiting for me in Shenzhen, so I have to fly back tomorrow night at the latest."

Zhao Ziqiu asked subconsciously, "Why are you in such a hurry?"

Xie Yun was a little surprised and asked, "Are you going back to Shenzhen?

Didn't I tell you that it's not suitable for you to stay there for a long time now? It's better to leave there during this period of time. "

Zhao Xianliang, who hadn't spoken much, also couldn't help but persuade him, "Yes, Li Mu, Shenzhen is more or less dangerous now. It's better for you to be more cautious. I think your aunt's suggestion is good. Stay in Hangzhou for a few more days to relax. I'll help you pay attention to the situation in Shenzhen. If things calm down there, it won't be too late for you to go there."

Li Mu sighed in his heart. Calm down?

How could it be so easy to calm down?

In his previous life, although a few local governments concealed the outbreak of SARS, judging from the final development of the situation, this kind of epidemic was not something that a local government could handle at all. In the end, it must be carried out by the country to carry out large-scale resistance and epidemic prevention activities in order to eliminate SARS. The most that the local government could do was to isolate the suspected cases they found and treat them. But once the virus carriers moved across the jurisdiction, no local government could control the situation.

Therefore, Li Mu could almost conclude that at present, it was impossible for Shenzhen to solve the epidemic alone. It was very likely that the virus carriers had already left Shenzhen and Guangdong Province and gone to other cities in China. In this case, the national outbreak of SARS was almost impossible to resist.

However, Li Mu didn't show his pessimism. Instead, he pretended to be optimistic and said, "Uncle, the situation in Shenzhen is still stable at present, and I don't have many social contacts there. I'm just working. There won't be any danger."

Zhao Ziqiu was confused. She couldn't understand what her parents were talking about with Li Mu for a long time. It seemed that there was some danger in Shenzhen, but it was also a first-tier city. What danger could there be?

Zhao Ziqiu, who was surprised, couldn't help but ask, "Dad, what are you talking about? Why can't I understand?"

Zhao Xianliang hesitated for a moment and said truthfully, "A few days ago, I heard from a friend that there was an outbreak of an infectious disease in Shenzhen, and it seemed to be very serious. So I advised Li Mu not to go to Shenzhen for the time being for safety."

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this, she immediately looked at Li Mu anxiously and blurted out, "Is it true?"

"It's true."

Li Mu nodded and comforted her, "But it's not as serious as you think. It's just that some patients have been isolated for treatment."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "That's still very dangerous. No one can be sure about something like an infectious disease. What if you get infected?"

At this time, Xie Yun also advised, "Yes, Li Mu, it's better to be safe than sorry. The virus is invisible. No matter how careful you are, as long as you are in the epidemic area, there is a risk of being infected. Listen to me. No matter how important the matter in Shenzhen is, don't go for the time being. For you now, making money is not the most important thing."

After that, Xie Yun patted Zhao Xianliang's shoulder and said with a smile, "You have to learn from your Uncle Zhao. Your Uncle Zhao's social status is much lower than yours, and he doesn't work as hard as you. You don't have to put so much pressure on yourself."