Chapter 1360

While chatting with Chen Wan and He Wan, Li Mu listened to them talking about the grand strategy of Xiangnan Satellite TV this year. From last year to this year, Xiangnan Satellite TV has achieved an extraordinary leap. The ace variety show "Happy Camp" has become the best and most popular variety show in China because of Chen Wan's participation and Li Mu's traffic support. And "Super Girl" has simply created the history of talent shows. Before this, no one believed that talent shows could be played so big that they could attract the close attention of the whole country.

Because of this, the focus of Xiangnan Satellite TV's grand strategy this year is all focused on variety shows and talent shows. In addition to ensuring that the ratings of "Happy Camp" will not decrease, it is more important to prepare for the second session of "Super Girl". The second session of "Super Girl" should not only be done, but also continue to do it on a large scale and further enhance its influence.

In addition to exerting efforts in these two aspects, Xiangnan Satellite TV also wants to launch a new variety show in the near future to enhance its own variety show product line, but there is no suitable variety show model, so it has recently pulled several planning teams to plan and conceive, but there has been no satisfactory results.

Chen Wan said to Li Mu during a chat: "In fact, the idea of opening a new variety show in the station is mainly for Teacher He, but the new variety show must be distinguished from" Happy Camp "and" Super Girl "in terms of model, so it's a little difficult to do."

Li Mu nodded and asked He Wan, "Teacher He, do you have any ideas yourself?"

He Wan shook her head and said, "I don't have any good ideas for the time being. After all, there are only a few kinds of variety shows. Either it is a more comprehensive and lively interview game variety show like" Happy Camp ", or it is a fixed game and talent show. We already have the first and the last, so at present, we can only start from the direction of games, such as CCTV's" Lucky 52 ", but everyone has gathered together to discuss it many times, and there has been no good idea."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "There are leaders in the station who suggested that Teacher He should simply go on a quiz show, similar to CCTV's" Happy Dictionary ", but Teacher He disagreed."

He Lu smiled helplessly and said, "This kind of program is already common both at home and abroad. Almost every country has more than one quiz type variety show, and our country has more than one. It's already too late to do it now. We can't take the lead."

Li Mu nodded in agreement and said with a smile, "The model of this kind of variety show is very simple in itself. The simpler the form of the program, the more difficult it is to achieve a curve overtaking. CCTV's" Happy Dictionary "has already taken the lead. As long as there are no big problems in this simple game mode, it can basically be guaranteed to be in the lead. If one day" Happy Dictionary "can't do it, it basically proves that this kind of program can't do it. Unless it can be reborn and upgraded in this mode, it will be difficult to catch up with the leader."

When He Lu heard this, she immediately gave Li Mu a thumbs up: "Li Zong sees the problem too clearly. This kind of program is too simple and the main line is too single, so it is difficult to achieve and surpass it." Happy Dictionary "now has a very large audience, and the influence of the program is also very great. In this case, all the other similar types of programs on the market can hardly stand out, even if Xiangnan Satellite TV does it. The audience is used to this kind of program and is used to Wang Xiaoya's hosting style. If we want to open a similar program to catch up again, the possibility is minimal."

I have thought about this before. My initial idea was to invite celebrities to participate in the quiz show so that it would be more attractive. But the station's idea is that the cost of celebrities is too high, and there's another point. Celebrities generally do not like to participate in variety shows that require a lot of brainpower. They like simple, entertaining shows, or interview shows that have a lot of room for performance. There won't be many guests that can be invited, unless it's faked. But this kind of faked show is too easy to see through. As long as it's seen through once, the credibility of the show will completely collapse, and the show's lifespan will come to an end. "

After listening to He Lu's complaints, Li Mu suddenly laughed. As he laughed, he said, "Teacher He, you are really humorous, but I believe that what you said is very practical. I'm afraid that most of the stars will not be willing to participate in such a program …"

Although He Lu did not say it clearly, the meaning of the truth was very clear. Most of the stars would not like this kind of program. The reason was that most of the stars' knowledge reserves were weak, and much weaker. They were willing to show their appearance, their acting skills, their singing voice, or their character and emotional quotient to the audience, but they were not willing to show their IQ to the audience.

Li Mu couldn't help but think of a well-known variety show he had watched in his previous life. There were more than a dozen star guests in it, and one of them could do a simple quadratic equation with one dollar, and he was praised as a top student by other stars. This scene was really sad. These star idols, who were madly pursued by countless young people, couldn't even solve a quadratic equation with one dollar. How could they be willing to participate in a quiz program?

If there was a question that was in a junior high school textbook, and they couldn't answer it, wouldn't that be embarrassing in front of the national audience?

It was the same for Central TV's "Hua Xia's Poetry Conference" that was once popular for a short period of time. Most of the stars would definitely not be willing to participate in such a program. They were busy making money every day. How many poems could they remember in their minds?

In Li Mu's opinion, if you grabbed ten thousand stars from Hua Xia's entertainment circle and asked them to memorize "Leaving Apprenticeship" or "Preface to King Teng's Pavilion," it would be a miracle if five of them could recite it word for word.

Therefore, it was impossible to invite a star to participate in such a program for a long time.

At this time, Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "By the way, does your Makino Image have a good variety program model recently?

If there is, you can still cooperate with our station like you did with "Super Girl". "

Chen Wan had heard Li Mu talk about it in a chat before. At that time, Li Mu casually said that there would be more variety programs for cooperation in the future. So, in her opinion, now is also a good opportunity for Makino Image and Xiangnan Satellite TV to increase cooperation. If Li Mu has any good ideas, it will inevitably be a win-win situation. Li Mu will benefit, and Xiangnan Satellite TV will also benefit. Moreover, Chen Wan has received a lot of care from Li Mu in Xiangnan Satellite TV, so Chen Wan also hopes that Li Mu can help her.

As soon as Chen Wan opened her mouth, He Wan's eyes were also full of expectation.

It was already very lucky to be able to make friends with a top resource like Li Mu. If Li Mu could really export some resources to himself, that would be the best thing.

Li Mu has a lot of very good variety program models, whether it is Running Man, The Voice, One Stand to the End, If You Are the One, Extreme Challenge, Challenge Is Amazing, any of these variety program models, in today's society where there is a lack of variety in the entertainment industry, would be a phenomenal product that can become an instant hit. However, Li Mu does not care too much about this part of the profit space. If he takes out these variety program models, it will certainly not be to make money, but to use them as strategic resources, so now is not the time to take them out.

Among them, The Voice's swivel chair model is very bright. In Li Mu's eyes, The Voice is the advanced evolution model of a talent show, at least a few levels higher than "Super Girl," just like the i7 processor and the current Pentium processor, the gap is huge. If The Voice's mode is taken out, it is equivalent to ending the lifeline of "Super Girl" in advance. When "Super Girl" is in its golden period, there is no need to release "The Voice".

What's more, The Voice's mode can be exported to the world in the form of copyright. When Makino Image is ready to embark on a global strategy, it is the best time to take out this program.

As for other reality shows, Li Mu also feels that it is not suitable to cooperate with Xiangnan Satellite TV for the time being, especially a phenomenal reality show like Running Man. For people in the entertainment industry, Running Man is simply the training center in "Red Alert – The Glory of the Republic". The magic of the training center is that no matter what kind of soldier, as long as you enter the training center, you will come out as a third-class soldier with explosive combat power. And the same is true for people in the entertainment industry.

As long as the permanent guests of Running Man are not too annoying and find the right position for themselves, they will definitely be able to become popular through this program. Even those stars who have been in the entertainment industry for more than ten years and have not been able to get into the A-list, after running in Running Man for a season, they are basically a proper A-list big shot. And those stars who can be guests in Running Man can also benefit a lot from this program. Many unknown second-and third-tier stars, after being on Running Man once, immediately became famous all over the country.

If he wants to be on Running Man, then Li Mu must first build up the lineup of Makino Image's contracted artists. At that time, Running Man will directly become the training center of his own company's artists. He will use Running Man to absorb the national audience traffic, and then distribute these audience traffic to his own artists, so that they can grow up quickly.

After thinking for a moment, Li Mu can think of several top variety shows, but none of them are suitable to be taken out at this time. Either the timing is not right, or he is really reluctant to give a Running Man to He Lu?

No way. There are only two possibilities for him to use this super variety show. One is to use it as a "training center" for Makino Image's artists, and the other is to use it for Chen Wan.

If Chen Wan needs it, Li Mu can take out this show at any time and give the role of An-baby to her. Except for her, no one else can do it.

Just as he was worrying about it, he suddenly thought of a reality show that He Lu participated in in his previous life. Then his eyes lit up and he asked He Lu, "Mr. He, I have a model of an outdoor variety show here. If you are interested, I can give this show to you."

Mr. He asked in surprise, "Li Zong, can you tell me more about it?

What kind of show is it? "