Chapter 1471

What Li Mu told Li Ziwei was a trap tailored for Larry Page.

When Larry Page heard Li Ziwei's reply without hesitation that Li Mu wanted to go back to Hua Xia, he felt that his heart had fallen from a bottomless abyss. He had never doubted that this was all prepared for him. He just subconsciously felt that what Li Ziwei blurted out must not be a lie. As an assistant, it was impossible for her to make up a lie without discussing it with Li Mu.

However, he just couldn't understand. Li Mu had already seen through him and set up a set of "codes" for him. The way to activate this set of "codes" was to make a phone call from him.

Makino Technology had amassed a large number of troops to besiege Google. Before the war started, Larry Page, who was besieged, already couldn't bear the huge pressure. Now, he just wanted to ask Li Mu for peace. Otherwise, if the war really started, Google would definitely suffer heavy losses.

However, he didn't expect that Li Mu would leave tomorrow!

Larry Page didn't want Li Mu to go back to Hua Xia just like that. If that happened, there would be no room for mediation. Whether it was Makino Technology, Baidu, or Muye & Company, they all followed Li Mu's lead. The only person who could order them to stop besieging Google was Li Mu. If the person who gave the order left, then these senior executives and employees who stayed in the United States would completely follow the order.

Then, Larry Page couldn't hide his panic and asked, "Miss Li, can you please tell Mr. Li Mu that I have a very urgent and important matter to talk to him face to face? It won't take too much of his time. Half an hour is enough."

Li Ziwei said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Mr. Paige. Li Zong said that he wouldn't talk about any business before he left. Not to mention you, he wouldn't even see our vice president. So please understand."

Larry Page asked with a trembling voice, "Miss Li, can you help me pass the message to him and see if Li Zong really doesn't want to see me? Maybe he will change his mind after hearing it."

Li Ziwei said, "Mr. Page, Li Zong made a clear request, so please don't make it difficult for me."

"This …" Larry Page didn't know what to do.

Li Ziwei said, "Mr. Page, I have something to do. Let's talk another day."

After that, Li Ziwei hung up the phone, then picked up another phone and called the business jet company. She told them that Li Mu was going to return to Hua Xia from San Francisco tomorrow morning and asked them to prepare for it.

Larry Page, who was hung up by Li Ziwei, felt dizzy. What should he do?

Li Mu was going back to China and refused to see him. He wanted to make peace, but who should he talk to?

Lin Ching-ah?!

Larry Page suddenly felt that he had grasped hope again. He hurriedly said to Li Ziwei, "Then I'll call Boss Lin. Thank you, Miss Li."

"You're welcome."

After hanging up the phone, Larry Page immediately called Lin Ching-ah. Lin Ching-ah was the general manager of Makino Technology in the United States. He had her private contact information. There should be a great chance of success if he asked her to pass the message.

Lin Ching-ah received a call from Larry Page. She asked in a flat tone with a bit of coldness, "Mr. Page, what can I do for you?"

Larry Page hurriedly said, "Hello, Boss Lin. I'm calling to make an appointment with you and Li Zong about the previous cooperation. I wonder if you and Li Zong have time?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "I'm sorry, Li Zong is going back to China. When he gave us a meeting the day before yesterday, he had already arranged all the work requirements. He will not work again until he leaves the United States. If you have anything to say, you can wait for Li Zong to return to China and contact his personal assistant, Miss Li. Then Miss Li will naturally help you to pass the message."

After saying that, Lin Qingya continued, "I'm really sorry, Mr. Paige. I'm really too busy right now. You should also know that CEO Li is very concerned about Muye & Co's matters. All of us have been pressured by him to the point where our heads are in a mess. If there's nothing else, I'll hang up first."

When Larry Page heard this, he felt even more bitter. Lin Ching-ah said that she was very busy because of Muye & Co. This was not a problem, but it sounded a little strange to Larry Page. It was like saying, "I'm sorry, Mr. Page. I'm a little too busy because I'm busy besieging you."

However, Larry Page had no time to care about his own feelings. He was afraid that Lin Ching-ah would hang up the phone, so he directly threw out his trump card and said, "President Lin, please help me tell Li Zong that we are willing to dilute 20% of our shares to Makino Technology at a valuation of 4 billion US dollars. If Li Zong is still interested in Google, we can sit down and talk. I'm always free."

Larry Page felt that even if Li Mu was not willing to talk about work before leaving the United States, such a good deal was really rare. When Lin Ching-ah heard this, she would definitely think that it was a serious matter and report it to Li Mu. Li Mu would definitely be happy to talk with him again.

However, Lin Ching-ah did not let Larry Page get what he wanted. She said lightly, "Mr. Page, I just said that before Li Zong leaves the United States, he does not allow me to contact him for any business. So you don't have to entrust me to convey your offer. You can wait until he returns to China to communicate with Miss Li."

"This …"

Larry Page was extremely annoyed. Four billion US dollars and 20% of the shares. He was really begging for peace on his knees. He thought that the other party would be satisfied and would be moved. However, the other party did not even look at him.

This made Larry Page understand a truth. Sometimes, kneeling also depended on the opportunity. You could only kneel in front of the other party if the other party gave you a chance. If the other party did not give you a chance, you did not even have the right to kneel.

It was really helpless. Larry Page could only say helplessly, "Well, President Lin, I will contact Li Zong after he returns to Hua Xia."

The entire senior management of Google was waiting for Larry Page's result. When Larry Page relayed the situation to the senior management, everyone's expression was extremely ugly. They felt the same as Larry Page. At this moment, they truly realized that if they missed the opportunity to kneel once, there would not be a second chance.

Now, the entire Makino Technology was adjusting its strategic deployment on a large scale under the strategic command of Li Mu. More and more people began to be drawn from various other fields and invested in Muye & Co. Baidu was also particularly invested in this mercenary identity. According to Google's information from Hua Xia, the headquarters of Baidu was expanding its team on a large scale and continued to carry out in-depth training for all its employees. The content of the training was very rich. There was even a training course called "Guide to American Life". This course was to popularize the operating mode of American society and living habits to the team. It even included how to rent a house in Silicon Valley, how to take public transportation, and how to save money.

It was said that Baidu hoped that all its technical staff could have the ability to go to the United States to work at any time, so that they could support Muye & Co at any time. This investment was not only for the 10% share of Muye & Co, but also to put huge pressure on Google's nest, forcing Google to divert more energy to deal with Muye & Co. This would greatly reduce the pressure that Google brought to Baidu in the Hua Xia market, and Baidu could also take this opportunity to further consolidate its strength in China.

Larry Page saw through this strategy of besieging Wei to rescue Zhao at any time, but there was nothing he could do. As the pressure on Google increased, Google had to withdraw its energy from the Hua Xia market and other overseas markets to deal with Muye & Baidu's attack.

The extremely passive situation made Larry Page scratch his head. Just when he didn't know what to do, Li Mu received a call from Lin Ching-ah.

"Four billion, 20%?" Li Mu listened to Lin Ching-ah and laughed.

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said with a smile, "He sounds very anxious. It seems that we have brought a lot of pressure to him recently."

Li Mu said, "This is nothing. He will be under more pressure in the future. They thought that our Muye Search would take at least a few months to come out, but I have prepared a big surprise for them. I have already communicated with Robin yesterday. The first stage of Muye & Baidu's work is to first put on a Muye Search account, then start the internal testing, and release the product as soon as possible. When the product is out, they will collapse even more."

Lin Ching-ah asked, "Li Zong, when can the account be released?"

Li Mu snorted and said, "If it's just a sockpuppet, it will be out in a few days. After I return to China, Muye & Baidu will choose the right time to release the first closed beta version. Maybe this closed beta version is different from Baidu's except for the domain name, logo, and server. The rest is basically a complete set of solutions copied from Baidu."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Wouldn't it be a little perfunctory for the consumers if it's purely an account?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This sockpuppet product won't be available to the public. We'll only release a few thousand beta tester accounts at most to hype up the concept and wait for Larry Page to come to us."

Lin Ching-ah asked curiously, "Li Zong, are you still going to negotiate with Google?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "When that time comes, I will not talk to Google about investing in Google anymore. Investing is too troublesome, and it will cost money."

Lin Ching-ah was even more confused and asked, "Then what are you planning to do?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm digging a big pit for Google, and it's a series of pits within pits. After I return to China tomorrow, you must go all out against Muye & Baidu in the United States. Everything will proceed at the pace that I've set. You don't have to worry about the rest. I'll play with them slowly."

In the end, Li Mu did not tell Lin Ching-ah what he was going to do at the strategic level of Muye & Baidu.