Chapter 1273

Li Mu stayed in Spring City for a few days.

Over the past few days, he personally witnessed the arrival of one surviving Flying Tigers after another. Regardless of whether the veterans were in good health or not, they were all arranged to stay in the military hospital. Nearly twenty veteran Flying Tigers reunited with their former comrades in the modern military hospital.

Many veterans' identities could be cross-verified here. Although no one could recognize everyone else, everyone would be recognized and remembered by others. Even if they didn't know each other, everyone would exchange unit numbers, the names of their leaders, and the various battles they had participated in back then. Everyone would always be able to find many common experiences and memories.

Therefore, after so many years, these seniors were living the life they had dreamed of for decades. They were able to reunite with their comrades from the war, talk about the past, cry together, and laugh together.

The relatives of the seniors were all arranged to stay in a hotel near the military hospital. The volunteers conveyed to them Li Mu's arrangements. All the family members who accompanied the seniors to Spring City could stay in the hotel indefinitely if they wished to stay with the seniors in Spring City. If they had to leave first due to work or life reasons, the foundation would also buy them return tickets. At the same time, the foundation promised to take good care of the seniors who stayed in Spring City to recuperate.

In a few days, most of the relatives had left Spring City, but to these seniors, they weren't sad at all. This was because their families had accompanied them for decades, and at that moment, the people beside them were comrades who had gone through fire and water with them. They hadn't seen each other for decades. Being able to stay with them had been a dream of theirs for decades, and now, this dream had finally come true.

The film crew working with the foundation was already stationed in Spring City. They would record the daily lives of the seniors and interview them in batches. Some of the interviews were done individually, and some were done in small batches. For example, Sun Xiaozhong and Han Zili were arranged to be interviewed together.

The identity and energy of these two old men were very obvious representatives of the entire Old Flying Tigers. Old Sun Xiaozhong's life was full of frustrations, but Old Han Zili's life was much happier.

When Han Zili escaped from Taiwan on that plane back to China, he was initially treated like a hero and even became a representative figure. At that time, the mainland hoped that he could join the People's Liberation Army Air Force, but the old man rejected it after weighing the pros and cons. When the reporters asked the reason, the old man explained that his biggest wish was to reunite with his family. After all, the war had been fought for more than ten years, and he had had enough of it.

At that time, the mainland also gave sufficient respect to the old man's decision. The plane that the old man risked his life to fly back to China was naturally left to the government, and the old man followed his family to Sichuan, where they settled down, and began the ordinary life that he longed for the most.

Due to the old man's surrender, when he first returned to China, he originally had some special treatment. However, during the War to Resist U.S. Aggression and Aid Korea, because the frontline was in urgent need of pilots, especially experienced pilots, the military re-enlisted the old man to join the People's Liberation Army Air Force to protect the country. The old man refused no matter what, so the special treatment gradually came to an end. Later, when there were all kinds of sports, the old man even suffered some hardships. Fortunately, he had a comrade who joined the People's Liberation Army 45 years ago to take care of him, so the old man was able to extricate himself from all kinds of sports. Then, he lived a peaceful life until now.

During the Cultural Revolution, there were still many rebels and young generals who remembered the old man's identity as a national soldier back then. However, after the Cultural Revolution, the old man's identity was completely forgotten by society. Then, they entered the era of rapid economic development, so no one went back to understand the old man's past. Old Mr. Han Zili joked to the camera, saying, "The last time someone dug up his identity as a member of the Flying Tigers, it was because they wanted to criticize him. I didn't expect that after so many years, someone would still dig up his identity, and it wasn't to criticize him, but to help him."

Li Mu told the old man that the Undying Veterans Foundation was not only looking for surviving veterans to help them, but also to let the whole society understand their stories, so that the whole society could give them the respect and gratitude they deserved.

This was also the core philosophy that Li Mu gave the entire foundation.

…

After a few busy days in Spring City, the Lunar New Year was approaching.

Li Ma called Li Mu. Regarding the Lunar New Year, Li Ma gave him two choices. The first was that Li Mu would spend the Lunar New Year with them in Haizhou, and the second was that they would go to Yan Jing to spend the Lunar New Year with Li Mu.

Li Mu chose the first option without hesitation.

During this period of time, he had been running around all day and felt very guilty to his parents. Seeing that the Lunar New Year was approaching, how could he let them go all the way to Yan Jing to spend the Lunar New Year with him? It was only right for him to go back to spend the Lunar New Year with them. Moreover, the four elders of the two families were still there. As the younger generation, he naturally had to go back to spend the Lunar New Year with them.

Naturally, Li Ma was very happy with Li Mu's decision. She said that her family was waiting for him to come back for the Lunar New Year. This year, Li Ma had booked the biggest and best private room in Haizhou Ecological Park. The super large private room could set up two super large tables for more than 20 people. According to Li Ma, she hoped that the relatives of the Li family and the Xiao family could spend the Lunar New Year together this year.

Before this, the two families had never spent the Lunar New Year together. After all, the older generation was not an only child. Papa Lee had more than one son in his family, and Li Ma had more than one daughter in her family. They really didn't have enough reasons for the two big families to accommodate one small family.

However, things were different now. The reason for this consideration was mainly because of Li Mu.

Now, Li Mu had become the biggest pride of the two families. In the words of the two old masters, it was really a miracle that such a talent was born in their ancestral graves. The two families all hoped that they could spend the Lunar New Year with Li Mu.

In fact, not only had Li Mu become the focus of the two families, but Papa Lee and Li Ma had also become the pillars of the two families. Although Papa Lee and Li Ma's business was much smaller than that of Li Mu's, Papa Lee and Li Ma had always tried to let more relatives have a share of their business. Therefore, the current situation was that the two families were all following Papa Lee and Li Ma to make money.

Originally, Li Mu didn't want his parents to have too many connections with relatives in business. He didn't care about the money, but he was worried that his parents might be hurt by someone. However, Papa Lee and Li Ma were people who valued friendship and righteousness. In their words, their business was only worth tens of millions of yuan. If it was 100 million yuan, they would accept it even if they were cheated by relatives. If they were cheated, they would immediately stop doing business and focus on living a happy life with their son.

Since his parents were so open-minded, Li Mu didn't interfere anymore. However, what made Li Mu happy was that although some of his relatives were snobbish and narrow-minded before, no one was a traitor under such an absolutely unequal state of dependence. While the living standards of the two families skyrocketed, the family affection between them was also much stronger than before.

It was precisely because of the harmony between the families that Li Ma and Papa Lee decided to bring the two families together to celebrate the Chinese New Year.

Li Mu calculated the time and decided to fly directly from Yun Province to Jinling. He would rest at home for three to five days, then return directly to the capital.

Therefore, Li Mu found Liu Xinying and explained to her about the matters in Yun Province.

First of all, the foundation would pay for these veterans of the Flying Tigers to celebrate the Chinese New Year together. Even their relatives could participate. The reunion dinner would be a big reunion for comrades. Not only would it allow these old comrades to have a reunion, but more importantly, it would allow their descendants to have a reunion. Their twilight years might pass in the near future, but the friendship between the family and the bloodline could be passed down from generation to generation. In a certain era in the future, these veterans might all be gone, but their sons could still be brothers with each other. They could hold a memorial ceremony for the elderly together, or they could drink and chat together.

Of course, if the veterans and their relatives were unwilling, the foundation would absolutely not force them. At that time, the foundation would send the elderly who wanted to go home for the Chinese New Year.

Secondly, the foundation would give all the veterans of the Flying Tigers five thousand yuan as a holiday fee. From this year onward, the foundation would give the elderly five thousand yuan as a holiday fee on the Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Festival every year. At the same time, a home visit would be made for the elderly. The foundation would be responsible for providing for the elderly who had no one to rely on; the foundation would be responsible for providing for the elderly whose children were unfilial. At the same time, the unfilial behavior of the children would be exposed to the whole society. Once this started, it would not stop until every veteran of the Flying Tigers passed away.

Thirdly, led by Li Mu, Makino Technology, and Taobao Technology, they would jointly invest five million yuan to sponsor the Yun Province Military Region and set up a martyr's family fund in the Yun Province Military Region. This was Li Mu's way of returning the favor to the entire military region.

This time, the military region paid for all the expenses of the physical examination, treatment, and recuperation of the veterans of the Flying Tigers and gave great support to the foundation. Therefore, Li Mu also had to do something for the military region. The policies and benefits of the military region were naturally relatively complete. Li Mu did not have the ability to do some universal benefits for hundreds of thousands of soldiers, so he also did a set of charity projects for the Yun Province Military Region that he had done for the Sword God Brigade.

These days in Spring City, Li Mu also learned a lot about the situation of the Yun Province Military Region. Although it was an era of peace, the Yun Province was located at the border and there were more armed crimes, so the soldiers often participated in actual combat. Therefore, the number of martyrs who were sacrificed was obviously higher than other areas. Although the country had benefits such as pension and other benefits for martyrs, the deceased were, after all, gone. No amount of compensation for the relatives of the deceased was too much. The five million yuan that Li Mu was going to mainly be used to support the lives of the martyrs' relatives and the education of their children.