Chapter 1241

The CSC Supercar Club was Li Mu's idea, but it had now become Chen Ze's most important project.

At the beginning, Chen Ze only wanted to invest in tracks and professional racing. However, the development of professional tracks and racing in China was not optimistic. Therefore, Li Mu came up with the idea of using a supercar club to coordinate with the operation model. He wanted to bring in rich people who were not professional in racing, but liked sports cars and speed.

There were three aspects that were very important to achieve a good combination of the two.

First, he had to let these rich people think that this club was powerful enough.

Second, he had to let these rich people have fun in this club.

Finally, he had to let these rich people know more rich people in this club.

The so-called club was to gather people who had the same hobbies, the same status, and similar strength together. They could have fun and expand their connections.

If the members of a club had enough social influence, there would inevitably be a large number of people who came specifically for the club's connections.

Chen Ze was also very clear that since Li Mu had agreed to become an official member of this club, the strength of this club's connections in the future would definitely be extraordinary. The people that he could reach were mostly rich playboys. These people did have power and background, but in his opinion, their personal ability and status were indeed a lot worse. Some rich second generations only knew how to spend money and play with girls every day. When it came to doing something serious, they basically could not do anything. If the club was full of such people, then it was indeed a little weak.

However, Li Mu's influence was much greater than his. He could attract many entrepreneurs, entrepreneurs, and rich second generations who needed to start their own businesses. Coupled with his own influence in the circle, this club would definitely become the most influential top club in the country in the future.

Thinking of this, Chen Ze, who was used to all kinds of storms, trembled with excitement.

At this time, Chen Ze remembered that Li Mu wanted to talk to him about something, so he asked him, "By the way, what do you want to talk to me about?"

Li Mu said, "Oh, I want to talk to you about Chen Wan's father."

Chen Ze smiled playfully and asked Li Mu, "You finally want to get involved in this matter?

I thought you weren't going to interfere. "

Li Mu nodded. "I met the old man when I was in the United States. At such an old age, the old couple's life in the United States is indeed not that satisfactory. Weilan is working at Wan Ying and can't accompany them, so I thought that if I can solve this problem and let the old couple come to Beijing, Weilan will be a little happier."

"Oh!" Chen Ze exclaimed in surprise. He smiled as if he had suddenly realized something. "I understand now."

Li Mu asked him, "What did you understand?"

"Hey, nothing." Chen Ze waved his hand and hurriedly asked him, "Do you need my help?

If necessary, I'll make a trip to Shanghai and help you pull some strings. "

Li Mu said, "Don't change the subject. Tell me what you understand."

Chen Ze saw that Li Mu didn't want to give up until he reached his goal, so he smiled helplessly and said, "I'm not blind. I can completely see Weilan's attitude towards you, but I didn't expect the two of you to be together."

Li Mu narrowed his eyes, but before he could say anything, Chen Ze quickly followed up and said, "Don't hide our relationship from me. Although I haven't seen Weilan and can't see if there's any flirting between the two of you, the fact that you can interfere with Weilan's father's matter proves that you're definitely together with her."

Li Mu asked, "Why are you so sure?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "If you really wanted to interfere with Weilan's father's matter, you would have done it long ago. You wouldn't have waited until now.

I think you should be very clear in your heart that you've already helped Weilan too much before. In view of the cooperative relationship, it's already very unfair. Therefore, you shouldn't continue to do things for Weilan, but Weilan should do things for you in return. For example, she joined Wanying Real Estate. Now that you suddenly want to interfere with this matter, there must be a change in the relationship between the two of you. Otherwise, if it was just a cooperative relationship, you wouldn't have this idea. "

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "You speak as if it's true."

Chen Ze laughed and said, "Don't be in a hurry to deny it. Anyway, I won't say anything to the public, and you don't have to be embarrassed. For a man like you, it's not a big deal to have a few more women around you."

Li Mu knew that Chen Ze was also a smart person. The matter between him and Weilan couldn't be hidden from him. Even if he denied it, Chen Ze wouldn't believe him. Therefore, he smiled indifferently as a tacit agreement. Then he asked, "Let's talk about this matter. I want to solve this matter in the next two days."

Chen Ze nodded and said, "This matter is actually very simple. Either you or I can use a favor in exchange for his safety."

Hearing Chen Ze say this, Li Mu was a lot more relieved. He asked, "Can you help me contact the person who can decide this matter?

If possible, help me make an appointment for an interview. "

Chen Ze asked him, "Are you sure you want to use your favor in exchange?

I can help you with this matter. "

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Forget it. Your family's old man is in a high position. If I let you coordinate this matter, it might bring unnecessary trouble to your old man in the future. It's better if I go myself. It doesn't matter if I owe a favor. I can pay it back with money or resources."

Chen Ze thought for a moment, then nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll help you contact them. When are you free?"

"Tomorrow, or the day after."

"Okay, I'll coordinate it."

…

The main building of CSC's race track in Shunyi had already been completed. Chen Ze had placed a few very high-end go-karts there. According to him, he had already run one or two hundred laps on this track.

The track was almost three kilometers long, with more than a dozen bends. The widest part was more than 20 meters, and the narrowest part was also more than 10 meters. It was built completely according to the FIA F3 race track standards, even a little higher than the standards.

Li Mu could only be considered an ordinary car fan. He wasn't as fanatical about racing as Chen Ze, so he didn't feel anything when he saw such a track. Chen Ze took him around a big circle and even dragged him to run two laps in the go-karts to experience it. Li Mu was a little eager to try, but he didn't think that after he got on, he would be tricked by Chen Ze for an entire lap every three laps. This feeling of being completely crushed was really not that wonderful, so Li Mu dragged Chen Ze off the track to check on the current progress of the main building.

The scale of the main building of CSC Club was very large. The entire club was like a miniature version of a five-star hotel. Aside from the reception hall, the sides and upstairs were almost all leisure, entertainment, and party venues. There was a bar, a restaurant, a movie studio, an entertainment room equipped with various entertainment equipment, a member's lounge, a reception room, a conference room, a gym, an indoor swimming pool, and a bathroom.

In addition, as early as when Dufy was doing the design, Li Mu had asked her to reserve a few rooms of one or two hundred square meters. It wasn't planned for now, but it could be flexibly used according to the needs in the future.

Li Mu knew that it wouldn't be long before board games would become popular, and entertainment like killing games would also become popular. To play such games, what was most needed was a quiet and comfortable venue. These reserved empty rooms could be taken out at any time in the future to provide the relevant entertainment needs of the members.

E-sports would also be greatly developed and popularized in the future. Starting from CS and StarCraft, many popular games would also have a great attraction to the rich second generation. Therefore, in the future, these second generation members would need a dedicated, high-end, comfortable, and private environment to play video games to their heart's content.

In addition, the entire club was planned to have fifty guest rooms on the third and fourth floors to provide temporary accommodation services for the members. The overall decoration standards were also very high, completely built to exceed the standard of a five-star hotel.

In addition to the various facilities to serve the members, there was also a fully designed exhibition hall for sports cars. After the completion of the construction, Cai Zhengmao would move his imported car business here.

Li Mu and Chen Ze's idea was to make the entire club into a complete entertainment venue. Although Shunyi was very remote and it felt like it was in the middle of nowhere, under normal circumstances, no one would be willing to come here other than to the airport. However, once the interior of the club was complete, a remote place like Shunyi would be like a paradise, making people reluctant to leave.

Li Mu used to stay in some remote hot spring hotels in the suburbs. Generally, these kind of hotels were as big as a manor. There were almost all kinds of life, entertainment, and leisure services. Usually, as long as they drove to the hotel, they would park their car in the hotel, book a room, and play for two or three days. That feeling was very comfortable. In the future, the CSC club would also develop in this direction step by step.

After inspecting the progress of the entire project, Cai Zhengmao, who sold the G55 to Li Mu, heard the news and rushed over.

Cai Zhengmao was a small shareholder of this project. He always thought that Li Mu and Chen Ze could play something different, so he took the initiative to get close to them and was willing to put his car sales and after-sales maintenance business into this project in exchange for a chance to be a small shareholder. The current Li Mu could not be mentioned in the same breath as Li Mu at that time. Although the previous Li Mu had some money, whether it was his net worth or his fame, it was miles away from the current him. Therefore, when Cai Zhengmao heard the news from Chen Ze that Li Mu was coming, he hurriedly dropped what he was doing and rushed over.

When Cai Zhengmao arrived and saw the two, he quickly took out a pack of Panda cigarettes and handed one to Li Mu and Chen Ze. He personally lit the cigarettes for both of them and said to Li Mu with some respect, "Li Zong, I haven't seen you for a long time. I heard from Brother Chen that you went to the United States a while ago. Did you just come back?"

Cai Zhengmao's action of taking out the cigarettes, the way he handed the cigarettes, and the way he spoke had automatically put himself in a position that was lower than Li Mu and Chen Ze. Chen Ze seemed to be used to his attitude. He took a puff and pointed at Li Mu with a smile. He said to Cai Zhengmao, "Zhengmao, give your Brother Li a sports car. He has already agreed to join the CSC club."

"Really?!"

Cai Zhengmao looked at Li Mu in surprise and immediately changed the way he addressed him. He asked with a smile, "Brother Li, Ferrari, Lamborghini, GTR, McLaren, whatever sports car you can think of, just name one that you like. I will definitely get it for you in less than two months."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Ferrari, the classic red Ferrari. Any one will do."

Li Mu didn't know much about sports cars, but he had seen all kinds of sports cars. He still preferred Ferrari sports cars. When Li Mu thought of sports cars, the first brand that appeared in his mind was the Prancing Horse logo and that unique red color.

When Cai Zhengmao heard Li Mu say that he liked Ferraris, he clapped his hands and said, "I ordered an Enzo. It will arrive in Hong Kong next week. Since Brother Li likes Ferraris, I will give this car to you."