Chapter 421

When Zhan Yun walked in, Ma Weiwei was still showering in the bathroom.

When Zhan Yun walked in, he heard the sound of running water and blurted out, "Baby, are you done showering?"

Ma Weiwei said through the bathroom door, "Soon."

Zhan Yun immediately took out a gift bag from his bag and took out the pink nurse uniform. He said anxiously, "Don't wear your pajamas after you shower. I've prepared a new set of clothes for you."

"New clothes?

Where did you get new clothes? "

Zhan Yun said, "I bought it. I bought it especially for you!"

Ma Weiwei said, "New clothes can only be worn after they've been washed!"

Zhan Yun hurriedly said, "You don't have to wash it. Just wear it and let me take a look."

Ma Weiwei was silent for a moment, then said, "Alright, put it on the shelf by the bathroom door."

Zhan Yun hurriedly brought the nurse uniform over, then returned to the living room, took off his coat, and started to rub his palms together.

Ma Weiwei, who was in the bathroom, was a little curious at first. Zhan Yun had never bought clothes for her before. She didn't know if his brain short-circuited this time, but he actually thought of buying clothes for her?

With his taste, the clothes he bought might not even be good enough for her.

After showering and drying her body, Ma Weiwei pushed open the bathroom door. On the wooden shelf by the door, there was a very neatly folded pink dress. She curiously picked it up, and a white object fell out. She picked it up and saw that it was a nurse's hat. She then unfolded the dress, and sure enough, it was a nurse's uniform.

Ma Weiwei was instantly reminded of those kinds of movies. Back in university, her boyfriend would often take her to watch those kinds of movies in their rented apartment. At the time, her boyfriend had jokingly said that he would buy her an outfit like that to help her when they were intimate. At the time, Ma Weiwei felt that it was quite a novelty. But later on, it was only mentioned verbally and never materialized. Who would have thought that today, Zhan Yun, who was almost 20 years older than her, would make it happen?

However, Ma Weiwei didn't have any feelings for Zhan Yun. Although they had this kind of shameful relationship, she didn't like Zhan Yun. Instead, she always felt that this old man was disgusting. When she had this kind of relationship with him, she was at the most precious stage of a woman's life. No one would want to serve a middle-aged man like Zhan Yun, who was out of shape and had a bald head at that time. She was already mentally and physically exhausted just dealing with him in bed, especially now that she was in her worst condition. She actually had to cater to his bad taste, which really made her feel disgusted.

However, Ma Weiwei also understood that since she couldn't avoid going to bed with him this time, she might as well completely satisfy all of his desires. Only after he satisfied her, would she be able to be rewarded in other ways.

So, Ma Weiwei didn't wear any underwear. She directly put on the nurse's uniform and purposely buttoned it very low, revealing her deep cleavage. Then, she put on the nurse's cap and looked at her charming self in the mirror. She took a deep breath and put on a charming smile like a woman who had lost her footing. She pushed the door open and walked out.

The moment Ma Weiwei appeared in front of him in the nurse's uniform, Zhan Yun was instantly ignited. He didn't think that Ma Weiwei would be so cooperative and purposely dress in such a slutty manner. With the pink nurse's uniform against her impressive figure, she was simply a delicacy in the eyes of men. The feeling that Ma Weiwei gave him was far beyond his imagination.

In the living room, Zhan Yun suddenly pounced on Ma Weiwei like a hungry wolf. As he madly kissed her cheeks and neck, he said excitedly, "Weiwei, you know me the best …"

In front of the screen, Xu Jianjun already knew that he was going to witness a hand-to-hand battle, but he didn't expect it to be so wild.

The two ignited the flames of war in the living room. Zhan Yun was old but strong. He lifted the hem of his skirt and advanced triumphantly, pushing the battle from the living room all the way to the bed in the bedroom.

The two, who were in the middle of a fierce battle, didn't expect that not only would a third person see everything clearly, but the entire process would also be recorded by someone else.

At 10: 30 pm, Zhan Yun pulled up his pants and reluctantly said goodbye to Ma Weiwei. Ma Weiwei cuddled with him for a while before she pretended to be reluctant to see him out. Then, as soon as the door closed, Ma Weiwei immediately rushed into the bathroom to take a shower. Zhan Yun whistled and proudly went downstairs to get his car, ready to go home.

However, he didn't know that when he was about to put on his clothes, Xu Jianjun had already ordered his subordinate to drive to the entrance of the residential area. When he recognized Zhan Yun's car, Xu Jianjun immediately ordered his subordinate to follow him. If Li Mu wanted to know who Ma Weiwei was having an affair with, he had to find out the old man's identity.

Xu Jianjun followed Zhan Yun all the way to the TV station's family quarters. Only then did he realize that Zhan Yun should be from the TV station, just like Ma Weiwei.

The management of the TV station's family quarters was strict, and vehicles without a license couldn't enter. Xu Jianjun felt that there was no need to follow them in, so he said to his subordinate, "Let's go. Turn around and go back."

The young man driving was a few years younger than Xu Jianjun. As he turned around, he smiled. "Boss, is that Ma Weiwei's adulterer?"

Although he didn't see the surveillance footage, he didn't need to use his brain to guess what was going on.

Xu Jianjun didn't deny it and nodded his head.

The young man slapped his thigh and cursed, "I've long been unhappy with this Ma Weiwei. Damn it, I didn't expect her to have an affair with that old man from the TV station!

That man is obviously a leader. No wonder she's so arrogant in the TV station! "

Surprised, Xu Jianjun asked, "What's wrong?

Ma Weiwei didn't provoke you, so why do you seem to have a grudge with her? "

The young man said, "There's a very beautiful intern host in Beijing TV called Chen Wan. She's the one who has been suppressing Chen Wan from appearing on screen, and that's why Chen Wan was forced to leave. Now that Chen Wan wants to sign with Xiangnan Satellite TV, it's also because of Beijing TV's refusal to let her resign.

Shaking his head, Xu Jianjun said, "Don't pay attention to these gossips all day long. Your IQ will be pulled down after a long time!"

…

After returning to his studio, Xu Jianjun went online to check the information of the higher-ups in Beijing TV. Ma Weiwei was one of the most famous female anchors in Beijing TV, and someone who could have an 'unspoken rule' with her must be a higher-up. So the range of the bald man's identity was actually that wide, and he must be in the top ten of the higher-ups in Beijing TV.

After a casual check, Xu Jianjun easily recognized the bald man he investigated today. His name was Zhan Yun, one of the deputy directors of Beijing TV.

So, Xu Jianjun called Li Mu for the scheduled routine report.

Li Mu had been carrying the Nokia phone that Xu Jianjun gave him. The phone didn't ring all day, and just as he laid down on the bed in his dorm room, it rang.

Li Mu hurriedly got up and went to the balcony with the phone, and answered the call.

"Mr. Lee?"

Li Mu said, "It's me, go ahead."

Xu Jianjun said, "We followed Ma Weiwei tonight. A man came to her house at 7: 15 pm and had sex with her. He left Ma Weiwei's house at 10: 30 pm and went home. We followed him all the way, and he drove into the Beijing TV Family Quarters."

Li Mu was delighted and hurriedly asked, "Did you find out who it was?"

"Yes," Xu Jianjun said. "He's called Zhan Yun, one of the deputy directors."

Li Mu guessed that Ma Weiwei must have a backer in the station, but he didn't expect Xu Jianjun to find out so quickly. He immediately said "good" three times.

When Xu Jianjun heard that Li Mu was satisfied with the results of the investigation, he asked, "Mr. Lee, do we still need to continue monitoring her?"

Li Mu thought for a moment, then said, "Continue monitoring her, but only at her house. There's no need to care about where she goes or who she meets."

Li Mu only wanted to know who her backer was in the station. As for whether she had similar affairs with other people, he wasn't interested at all.

Xu Jianjun said, "If that's the case, I'll give you a discount for the next few days."

Li Mu said, "No need for a discount. Help me keep an eye on Zhan's wife. I want to know some specific information about her and her daily routine."

"Okay."

Although Li Mu didn't ask, he knew that Xu Jianjun definitely had a video of Ma Weiwei and Zhan Yun hooking up. According to normal operations, if the relevant information was leaked to the Internet through a safe channel, the careers of these two people would be destroyed. However, this wasn't a good idea, because Beijing wasn't Haizhou. Back then, he could use this method to deal with Guo Lin, but if he used the same method to deal with Zhan Yun in Beijing, it would definitely cause a backlash from the government.

Zhan Yun was a civil servant, and a deputy director at that. If he failed on the Internet, it would definitely bring trouble to the Internet. Even if it didn't directly cause trouble, at least the higher-ups would keep an eye on him. Therefore, he definitely couldn't use the Internet to deal with this matter. He had to use another method to deal with them.

Li Mu's idea was to bide his time and continue to follow up on the movements of Ma Weiwei's family. Then, he would investigate the specific situation of Zhan Yun's wife. At the right time, he would give her the evidence and kill her with a borrowed knife.

Xu Jianjun was indeed very efficient. The next day, he found the relevant information about Zhan Yun's wife. Her name was Zhang Juan, and she worked in the neighborhood office near the TV station's family quarters. After two days of tracking, Zhang Juan's daily routine was very simple. In the morning, she would send her child to school, then go to the neighborhood office to work. Her work was very leisurely. She would go to work at nine in the morning and get off work at eleven to pick up her child. On the way, she would buy groceries and go home to cook. On the way, she would send her child to school at one o 'clock in the afternoon. At two o' clock, she would stay at the neighborhood office for a few hours, and at five o 'clock, she would get off work and leave. Other people worked eight hours a day, but she worked six hours.

According to Xu Jianjun's investigation over the past two days, Zhang Juan had a fiery temper. When she went out for work, she spoke the loudest. Her attitude wasn't good, and it was easy for her to get impatient. Whether it was her colleagues, the residents, or the vendors in the area, she had an obvious sense of arrogance. So, she would often quarrel with others, and similar situations had happened three times in two days.

Moreover, Zhang Juan was a stingy person. At the market, she would haggle with the vendors for a dime. She even liked to take advantage of others. For example, when she was buying vegetables, the vendors would use a simple scale to weigh the vegetables. Usually, the scale would be higher, but Zhang Juan would always ask the vendor to push the scale as much as possible. She would only be satisfied when the scale was raised high. She would even take a garlic or a spring onion from the vendor after they had finished weighing and paid for it. She would even pretend that she had forgotten to buy it. Then, regardless of whether the vendor was willing or not, she would take it and leave.

After Xu Jianjun reported all this to Li Mu, the image of a middle-aged shrew appeared in Li Mu's mind. He asked Xu Jianjun to choose some clear photos of Zhan Yun and Ma Weiwei and print them out and wait for his notice. Then, he told Xu Jianjun to pay attention to Ma Weiwei's movements and inform him in advance if there were any signs that Ma Weiwei and Zhan Yun were going to have sex in private again.

That night, Zhan Yun went out to attend a media conference.

After the conference, he had a meal with some of his friends in the industry. On the way home, he recalled the passionate encounter he had with Ma Weiwei a few days ago. His heart itched, so he called Ma Weiwei before he reached home.

Ma Weiwei was watching television at home. When she saw Zhan Yun's call, she frowned and answered. Zhan Yun said over the phone, "Come home early after work tomorrow afternoon. I'll look for you."

Ma Weiwei's expression was very ugly, but she pouted and said, "Can it be two days later? I'm not feeling too well these two days …"

Zhan Yun said, "Today, I had a chat with an old classmate of mine at Central TV. He said that Hong Kong's Heavenly King Liu will be coming to Central TV to participate in the recording of a public service program next week. I'd like to ask him to help out. I'll communicate with his management company and get him to come and record an episode of 'Special Interview' …"

"Really?!" Ma Weiwei was startled and said excitedly, "Can you really handle Heavenly King Liu?"

Up until now, her show had never done an interview with one of the Four Heavenly Kings. The highest interviews were only with the A-listers from China and the quasi-A-listers from Hong Kong and Taiwan. However, the truly popular celebrities from Hong Kong and Taiwan had never appeared on her 'Special Interview' before. Heavenly King Liu was the most popular of the Four Heavenly Kings and was practically an evergreen tree in the entertainment industry. If she could do an episode of his show, the viewership ratings of 'Special Interview' would definitely increase greatly. If she prepared well and did a good job on this episode, it would raise the grade of 'Special Interview' to a certain extent. Not only would the audience pay more attention to it, it would also be much easier for her to find A-listers in the future.

At this moment, Zhan Yun kept her in suspense. He smiled and said, "I have a very close relationship with that old classmate of mine. If I were to put down my pride and ask him for help, he would definitely do his best. It's just that …"

Ma Weiwei naturally knew what Zhan Yun was thinking. She immediately said in annoyance, "I can't explain it clearly over the phone. Why don't we talk about it at home tomorrow? I'll leave early tomorrow and go buy some groceries. I'll wait for you to come and have a meal together. You haven't had a private meal with me in a long time."