Chapter 1536

“Twitter？”

William was particularly surprised when he heard this word. Confused, he asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, what is Twitter?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's a new platform that Makino Technology is about to launch. This platform is a new model that has never appeared in the Internet industry since the beginning. It can let the whole world see you and pay attention to you. You can share your life, your preferences, your opinions, and your thoughts with the world."

William asked in surprise, "This is a platform for the whole world?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, this is a platform for the whole world. It no longer allows you to add your own friends, but puts you on a global stage. People from all over the world who are interested in understanding you can follow you through this platform. You can interact with them, or you can only post the information you want to post and be an opinion leader."

William immediately said, "That's really interesting!

How can I join this platform? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Wait a moment."

After saying that, Li Mu waved to Li Ziwei, who was not far away. Li Ziwei hurried to Li Mu.

Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, let me introduce you first. This is Prince William of the British royal family. Prince William, this is my personal assistant, Li Ziwei."

William stretched out his hand to Li Ziwei in a very gentlemanly manner and said with a smile, "Hello, Miss Li. I'm very happy to meet you."

Li Ziwei shook hands with him and smiled generously. "I've heard that you've been here for a long time. Today, I finally have the opportunity to meet you in person. I find that you are much more handsome than on TV."

William blushed a little at Li Ziwei's words, and his expression was full of shyness.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Ziwei, do you have the card camera with you?"

"Yes."

As Li Ziwei spoke, she immediately took out an ultra-thin digital card camera from her handbag. She usually followed Li Mu everywhere, so the camera was an essential tool for work. It was very useful for recording documents and manuscripts.

Li Mu said, "Take a photo of me and Prince William."

After saying that, Li Mu asked William in English, "William, how about we take a photo together?"

"Oh, of course, no problem!" William readily nodded in agreement.

In William's eyes, Li Mu was fully deserving of the title of a world-class youth leader. If the two of them got closer, it would only be beneficial to William.

Li Ziwei took two steps back with the camera, while Li Mu and William stood side by side. There was a distance of about three punches between them. Li Mu's left hand and William's right hand gently touched each other's clothes from behind, taking a photo of a very friendly and gentlemanly smile.

After confirming that there was no problem with the photo, Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "Send this photo to Qing Ya later and use it as my first Twitter post. Add the caption: Hello everyone, this is my first Twitter post. I'm in England now, with William.

Remember to add the caption in both English and Chinese. "

"Understood." Li Ziwei nodded.

After that, Li Mu asked William, "William, in your first message to the world through Twitter, what do you want to say to the world's netizens?"

"Hmm …" When William heard that, he suddenly became serious. After thinking for a moment, he asked Li Mu, "Can I also send photos and text?"

"Of course."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Tell Ziwei what you want to send. She will arrange for the staff to send it through your account as soon as he goes online. Then, I will get them to transfer the account to you personally."

"Alright."

William smiled and said, "Then I'll send a message: Hello everyone, I'm William. I met my idol, Mr. Li Mu, in London. I'm deeply honored. Mr. Li Mu, please come to England often."

Wendy Gao, who was at the side, asked curiously, "Mr. Lee, can I also become one of the first users of Twitter?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course, Twitter is not in closed beta or open beta today. It's officially launched. Once it goes online, you can register an account at any time. If you have too much time, you can ask our staff to do it for you."

"That's great!"

Wendy said excitedly. "In that case, I also want to take a photo with Mr. Lee. I wonder if I can have this honor?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Of course, but you don't have to be so polite."

Wendy blinked her eyes and turned to Li Ziwei. "Miss Li, I'll have to trouble you to take another photo. Is that okay?"

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "Of course."

After that, Li Ziwei picked up the camera again and put the figures of Li Mu and Wendy into the camera's viewfinder.

Wendy and Li Mu's standing posture was very intimate. Li Mu stood straight, and she leaned her body slightly in the direction of Li Mu by about 30 degrees. Then, she held one of Li Mu's arms with a natural and somewhat intimate expression.

…

In the following time, Bill Gates remotely communicated with the Microsoft team about the launch of MSN in his room. He repeatedly confirmed all the launch procedures with Peter, who was in Seattle. What he was most concerned about was the launch channel.

For example, which websites to place advertisements, which software to buy pop-up windows, the expected display volume, how high the actual conversion rate of the display could be, and how many new users would be expected within 24 hours of the launch of Windows-Live software package, especially MSN and Blog.

The director in charge of advertising measurement had already deduced a data model. If there was no Makino Technology today, the conversion rate of the display volume should be about 15%. However, if Makino Technology really used 100 top singers to promote itself, under the influence of such big news, the conversion rate of the display volume should be reduced to about 2%.

This made Bill Gates very anxious, but there was nothing he could do.

While Bill Gates was struggling with the launch, Li Mu was not idle for a moment in the banquet hall.

Wendy stayed by her side and basically never left. William only went to greet a few members of the royal family and disappeared for a short while. The rest of the time, he was also beside Li Mu and chatted with Li Mu.

During this period, there were countless people who came to greet and introduce themselves to Li Mu. Almost one after another, they first introduced their names, then expressed their respect for Li Mu, and then shook hands with each other. That was basically it.

Some people were not so good at seeing things, and even if they had nothing to say, they would still chat awkwardly. However, Li Mu had always maintained very good self-restraint. No matter who came to talk to him, he could guarantee that he would greet them with a smile. He did not show the slightest arrogance just because the other party's overall strength and status were much worse than his.

Ten minutes later, the ball in the banquet hall began. The jazz band began to play cheerful and rhythmic music, and pairs of men and women began to walk onto the large open space in the middle of the banquet hall and dance. The scene became lively.

In most cases, it was men who invited women to dance at such a ball, so Wendy hesitated for a long time beside Li Mu. However, when she saw that Li Mu had no intention of inviting her to dance at all, she finally plucked up the courage to ask Li Mu, "Mr. Li, would you like to dance with me?"

Li Mu smiled and said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Miss Wendy, I don't know how to dance."

After hearing this, Wendy did not look disappointed at all. Instead, she smiled sweetly and said, "It's okay, we can find another opportunity next time."

At this time, a young white man came in front of Wendy and bowed like a gentleman. He said, "Miss Wendy, may I invite you for a dance?"

As soon as Wendy saw him, she immediately felt a headache.

This person was George McMillan, who had been crazily pursuing her.

Wendy had always been very disgusted with George McMillan. This guy was arrogant, despotic, and ignorant. He was able to attend Cambridge University and graduate smoothly because the McMillan family had invested millions of pounds to donate to Cambridge University to build a laboratory.

Moreover, George McMillan's character was very problematic. At Cambridge University, he had used his status to play with many university students. He had even impregnated a female teacher who had just graduated from Cambridge University and had stayed to teach. Later, it was said that the family had paid the other party two million pounds. After the other party had aborted the child, they had immediately kicked her out of Cambridge.

In the face of such a scumbag, even though Wendy had a strong sense of serving the family since she was young, she still felt extremely repulsed by him.

Because of this, Wendy refused his invitation and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. McMillan. My heel is injured, so I can't dance."

George McMillan was extremely annoyed. He had been secretly observing Wendy and Li Mu. He had clearly seen that she had taken the initiative to invite Li Mu to dance but had been rejected by Li Mu. He had not expected that when he had come to invite her, she would actually make up a lie to reject him. This was too hateful!

However, George McMillan did not expose her face to face. Instead, he nodded in a very gentlemanly manner and said with concern, "What do you think of your foot?

Do you want me to call my family doctor to come and take a look at you?

He is one of the best general practitioners in London. "

Wendy waved her hand and said with a smile, "Thank you, but there's no need to trouble yourself. I'll just rest."

George McMillan nodded slightly and looked at Li Mu next to him. He said with a smile, "Hi!

Mr. Lee, I've heard of your name for a long time. Let me introduce myself. My name is George McMillan. You can call me George. "

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "Hello, George."

George McMillan knew that the Goldberg family no longer wanted to arrange for Wendy to work for him. Instead, they wanted to sell her to Li Mu. This made him angry and unhappy with Li Mu, so he deliberately wanted Li Mu to make a fool of himself in front of Wendy. He said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, do you have time tomorrow? We can play golf or polo together?"

Li Mu said indifferently, "I'm sorry, but I don't know how to do any of these things."

"No way!"

George McMillan exclaimed. "With Mr. Lee's social status, haven't you learned these two standard sports of the upper class?"

Li Mu smiled. "I've never learned it."

George McMillan asked again, "Mr. Lee should have learned how to ride a horse, right?

Can we go out for a ride together tomorrow? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "No."

"You don't know how to ride a horse?"

George McMillan asked curiously. "I wonder what kind of education Mr. Lee received since he was a child?"

Li Mu glanced at him, put away his smile, and said indifferently, "I received Hua Xia's education."

George McMillan nodded in realization and said, "Hua Xia is an underdeveloped area with backward economic conditions. The low level of education is indeed a big problem."

After saying that, he added, "By the way, it seems that not only is Hua Xia's education level very backward, but her sports level is also very poor, right?"

Li Mu was in a bad mood. He looked at this guy and asked with a frown, "What are you trying to say?"

George McMillan shrugged his shoulders and curled his lips. "It's nothing. I just suddenly realized that the low level of sports in Hua Xia is a common phenomenon."

Speaking up to this point, George McMillan said with a serious face, "Mr. Li, you may not know this, but our family has a large industrial layout in sports. Not only are we one of the major shareholders of BBC, but we are also the general agent of BBC Sports Resources. In addition, we have also invested in the famous British football club, Manchester United Football Club."

"Some time ago, Manchester United wanted to bring in a player from Hua Xia in order to open up the Hua Xia market. However, our scouts studied almost all of Hua Xia's professional players and found that they were all rubbish. None of them could even meet our minimum requirements for players. In the end, we had no choice but to choose a young player with the surname Dong. He may join Manchester United at the beginning of next year, but you can rest assured that on the first day he arrives, he will be thrown to Belgium. I don't think it's possible for him to return to Manchester United to play in his next life."

As he said that, George McMillan made a thumbs down gesture and shook his head with a sigh. "He doesn't know how to play golf, polo, horseback riding, or even football. I really don't know what Hua Xia is good at."

Not only was George McMillan's face full of disdain as he spoke, but he also looked at Li Mu with provocative and playful eyes. He wanted to know how Li Mu would respond to him.

Unexpectedly, Li Mu narrowed his eyes slightly at this time, and a strange smile flashed across his face. Then, he suddenly raised his hand and slapped George McMillan's face with all his strength. With a slap, not only did it stun him, but it also scared the people around him.

Immediately, Li Mu leaped forward slightly, raised his foot, and kicked George McMillan in the stomach, directly knocking him to the ground.

George McMillan did not have time to react at all. He was slapped and kicked by Li Mu. He was about to get up when Li Mu's leather shoe had already stepped hard on his throat, making it difficult for him to breathe and unable to get up.

At this time, everyone in the audience was staring at this shocking scene with their mouths agape. No one knew why such a vulgar fist and foot conflict would occur in such a high-class gathering. Moreover, the one who had hit someone was Li Mu, who was recognized as the strongest overall strength on the field today …