Chapter 511

Zhang Yao knew that Chen Hui's alcohol tolerance was average, but she still let him drink.

After drinking two bottles of beer, Chen Hui started to feel a little dizzy. Zhang Yao asked him with concern, "You went to the south as soon as you graduated. Are you used to Beijing?"

Chen Hui didn't think much about it and blurted out, "I left the north for too long. I wasn't used to the weather here when I first came to Beijing. I would have a nosebleed every morning or night for more than ten days …"

Zhang Yao asked worriedly, "Did you go to the hospital to see it?

Are you still bleeding? "

Chen Hui waved his hand and said gloomily, "I'm not bleeding anymore. It's mainly because I wasn't used to it when I first came here. There's a lot of rain in the south, so I felt wet every day. If I washed my clothes and left them under the sun, they wouldn't dry even after a day. But Beijing is better. After washing my clothes and hanging them in the toilet, they would dry in one night without seeing the sun."

Zhang Yao relaxed and said with a smile, "To think that you went to university in the northeast for four years. If you went back now, you would have a nosebleed eight times a day."

Chen Hui said, "Isn't it because I'm used to the south? I'll probably get used to the weather in the north after a while."

Zhang Yao nodded, but suddenly frowned and asked Chen Hui, "You said that you had a nosebleed for more than ten days?

How long have you been in Beijing? "

Chen Hui subconsciously said, "Almost a month."

"A month?" Zhang Yao couldn't help but ask, "Your QQ team only disbanded for about half a month, right?

You only signed with Makino Technology after disbanding. Why have you been here for a month? "

Chen Hui suddenly realized that he had spilled the beans. He couldn't help but shiver and stammered, "I was wrong. I had a nosebleed for a few days. I've been here for more than a week."

Zhang Yao looked at Chen Hui's bewildered expression and knew that he was lying. She said unhappily, "Chen Hui, we haven't seen each other for so many years. Do you have to lie about such a small matter?"

Chen Hui smiled awkwardly, "I didn't …"

Zhang Yao stared at Chen Hui for a moment, making him feel goosebumps. He couldn't help but avoid her gaze. Zhang Yao said angrily, "Forget it. I'm full." She actually got up to leave.

Chen Hui hurriedly grabbed her hand and explained in a panic, "Zhang Yao, don't be angry. Sit down and listen to me first …"

Zhang Yao stood in front of Chen Hui and said, "Then explain it to me right now. If you can convince me, I'll sit down and listen to you. If you can't, then I'll go back first."

Chen Hui bit his lower lip. After hesitating for a moment, he decided to throw caution to the wind and said, "Fine, I'll tell you."

Chen Hui bit his lower lip and hesitated for a moment before saying, "Alright, I'll talk." Picking up the third bottle of beer, Chen Hui gulped down half of it in one breath. He gulped too fast and choked for a long time before saying, "Sure, I've been here for a month. On the night that YY went online, I was on duty and logged into YY to study it. I didn't expect my classmates to form a group and added me into it. Hu Zichen told me about you and said that you haven't found a partner for the past few years and often mentioned me. I haven't found a partner for the past few years either. I've always regretted separating from you and couldn't let go of you. But I had no choice, I'm too timid and didn't dare to look for you. That night, when I heard what she said, I got impulsive and bought a ticket to come to Yanjing. I wandered around Zhongguancun for a few days and didn't see you. I heard that you're going to work at Makino Technology soon, so I came for an interview. I wanted to wait for you here …"

Chen Hui felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders after he said everything he wanted to say in one breath. Zhang Yao, on the other hand, was dumbfounded. She stood rooted to the ground for a long time before she asked him with reddened eyes, "Idiot, why didn't you tell me earlier?

You even lied to me on purpose. "

Chen Hui let out a long sigh. "I haven't seen you for so long and I don't know what's going on with you. I'm afraid I'll give you too much pressure if I tell you the truth."

Zhang Yao asked him, "Then tell me, did you come to Yanjing that night just to see me?"

Chen Hui didn't know where the courage came from, but he blurted out, "Of course not!

I just wanted to find you and start afresh with you! "

Zhang Yao sat down in front of Chen Hui again. Her tears also flowed out of her eyes. "You're always like this. If you have something in your heart, you just won't say it. You just have to have your own ideas. Once you've made up your mind, you'll persevere to the end. No one can change you. Back then, you misunderstood that there was something wrong between me and Qin Feng, but you didn't say it. You just held it in and sulked at me, quarreled with me, and broke up with me. Say, if you could tell me everything in your heart, we wouldn't have broken up …"

Chen Hui also wiped his tears and drank the remaining half a bottle of wine. He choked back tears and said, "There were a lot of students from our batch that graduated and came to Yanjing. I heard from the girls in your dorm that you signed with a Yanjing company. At that time, I really wanted to come to Yanjing to develop my career, but I was angry with myself. I always felt that the more I couldn't let go of you, the more I had to force myself to be able to take up and let go. So, I ran to Shen City by myself. You don't know how long it takes to walk from the northeast to Shen City. I was banging and crying at the junction of the two carriages. When I reached Shen City, my eyes were swollen. I slept in an underground motel for three days before I dared to go out and find a job …"

Zhang Yao said, "From graduation until now, you haven't looked for me even once. I always thought you'd forgotten about me long ago. You might even have gotten married and had a child. I often went to your former classmates to ask about your situation, but most of them didn't know about your current situation."

Chen Hui nodded. "I don't have any classmates in Shen City. I only have a few schoolmates that I'm not very familiar with. I've always wanted to ask about you, but I've always been too embarrassed to ask others. If it wasn't for Hu Zichen taking the initiative to tell me in the group, I wouldn't even know about your current situation …"

Zhang Yao looked at him with reddened eyes. She felt wronged and asked with some anticipation, "Now that you know about my situation, what are your future plans?

Don't tell me that just seeing me and knowing about my current situation is enough?

And then you'll still be the same as before, not telling me what's on your mind and not letting me know about it? "

Chen Hui took out a cross-shaped anti-theft door key and slammed it on the table. He said, "I've been working for a few years, but I've never been willing to rent such a good house. It's a standalone house with one bedroom and one living room. It costs 1,500 a month. It's only three stops away from the company, and it only takes fifteen minutes to get to work every day …"

Zhang Yao pursed her lips and stared at him for a long time. She asked him while crying, "I'm asking you what's on your mind, not where you're staying or how much your monthly rent is!"

Chen Hui became anxious and asked her in return, "Ever since I was in school, I've always been stingy. Don't you know that?

I ran all the way to Yanjing by myself, came to Makino Technology for an interview, and rented such an expensive house. Don't you know what I'm planning? "

Zhang Yao's heart was already bursting with joy, but she decided to argue with him to the end. She said impatiently, "I'm not counting!

I'm not an eighteen or nineteen year old girl anymore. I don't want to play the childish game of you saying half and guessing the other half. I don't want to use my brain. If you want to say it, then say it all. If you keep saying half and leaving the other half, then I'll just go home and sleep. "

Chen Hui's face turned red. He clenched his teeth and stomped his feet. With the help of the alcohol, he said loudly, "I plan to make up with you. I plan to live with you. I plan to marry you. I plan to have children with you …"

Chen Hui practically roared out the last two sentences. Everyone in the restaurant was attracted by Chen Hui's abnormal actions and the content of his words. They all looked at him. Some people were pointing at him, while others were covering their mouths and laughing secretly. They were whispering to each other.

At this time, Zhang Yao stood up and said loudly, "Boss, the bill."

Chen Hui hurriedly said, "What are you doing?

I've already said everything and you still want to leave? "

Zhang Yao said, "I'm not the only one leaving. You have to leave too."

Chen Hui said in a huff, "If you want to leave, then leave. I'm not leaving!"

Zhang Yao picked up his cross key from the table and faintly looked at him. She asked, "If you don't leave, how will I know where home is?"

Chen Hui was stunned for a moment before he suddenly woke up. At this moment, it was as if the clouds had parted and he saw the blue sky. He was so excited that he couldn't even speak. At this time, the restaurant owner walked over and said to the two of them, "Including the beer, it's a total of fifty-three dollars."

Chen Hui took out a hundred dollars and threw it at him. After saying, "Keep the change.", he pulled Zhang Yao's hand and walked out of the restaurant.

For the two of them who had missed each other for many years, tonight was the first time in many years that they were completely released. Zhang Yao only had Chen Hui as a man in this lifetime, and Chen Hui wasn't any better than Zhang Yao. They were definitely a pair of soul and body compatible partners.

After a few storms, Chen Hui hugged Zhang Yao and asked her, "When do you want to move in?

I'll help you move. "

Zhang Yao leaned into Chen Hui's embrace and deliberately said, "My house still has two more months before it expires …"

Chen Hui blurted out, "Move!

We'll move tomorrow!

After work, I'll help you move! "

Zhang Yao smiled and said, "That's right. There are some things that you don't need to discuss with me. You can make your own decisions."

Chen Hui said, "But isn't this a matter between the two of us? I have to ask for your opinion …"

Zhang Yao said, "There are some matters between the two of us that you need to ask for my opinion. There are some that you don't. You have to learn how to control the specifics."

Chen Hui just happened to say, "Alright … I'll try my best …"

Zhang Yao thought of something and turned around to look at him. She asked, "Oh right, the company doesn't allow employees to date, right?

How are we going to tell the company about our relationship? "

Chen Hui smacked his lips. "I haven't thought about the specifics yet. Let's wait for a few days. I'll think about how to communicate with CEO Sun. Also, your position is higher than mine. If we really have to leave, it's more suitable for me to leave."

Zhang Yao said, "But it's more suitable for you to stay at Makino Technology. After all, you've worked at QQ for so many years and are more familiar with the business of instant messaging."

Chen Hui smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. When I was interviewed, CEO Kong and Li Zong said that I came to Makino Technology for love. Once I get love, I can leave Makino Technology at any time."

Zhang Yao declined to comment and said, "Let's wait a few more days and see."