Chapter 536

Although Du Wei was young, her efficiency in doing things was extraordinary.

The next morning, Li Mu received a phone call. A middle-aged man, who claimed to be the person in charge of the Immigration Administration, contacted Li Mu and told him his address and contact information. He asked Li Mu to call him directly when he had time. He would help Li Mu get the full set of documents.

Li Mu asked him how soon he could get the documents. The other party's reply was very simple. He said that he could get the documents next Monday after working overtime on the weekend. He also said that he would arrange for someone to send the documents to Li Mu in person, so it would be no problem for him to get the documents on Monday.

Li Mu told the publicity department of Makino Technology to find a powerful 4A advertising company as soon as possible and asked them to tailor a publicity plan for Du Wei. Then he drove to get the documents. It was almost mid-June, less than ten months before April Fool's Day next year. In his memory, Zhang Guorong had not participated in any films or TV series during this period. It seemed that he only dabbled in music a little. Most of his appearances were for charity. If he went to Hong Kong to attend the Children's Protection Foundation's party this time, it would be very difficult to find other opportunities.

However, Li Mu also understood that this kind of thing could only depend on fate. In his current situation, even if he took the initiative to ask to meet him as a successful businessman, it would be difficult to move him. So everything depended on the upcoming trip to Hong Kong.

It was just noon when he finished the documents. Su Yingxue called Li Mu and asked him what he was doing. Li Mu told her the truth about his trip out to get the documents.

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "Why do you suddenly want to go to Hong Kong?"

Li Mu told her that he would accompany Du Wei to Hong Kong next week.

Su Yingxue knew Du Wei. When they were filming "Oldboys", she visited Du Wei a few times. Du Wei knew that she was Li Mu's girlfriend and often took the initiative to greet her. Su Yingxue had a good impression of Du Wei. She always felt that she was a very sensible and obedient girl. Although she was only one or two years younger than her and Li Mu, she felt like a girl who was three to five years younger than her. She was very pure.

However, Su Yingxue was still a little worried.

Su Yingxue didn't know why she had this kind of mentality. She wasn't like this in the past. Her mentality had always been more indifferent than her peers, and this indifference had always been accompanied by faint self-confidence. However, when it came to her relationship with Li Mu, she always felt that she lacked self-confidence. In Su Yingxue's eyes, she had always had two threatening rivals in love.

In Su Yingxue's eyes, she had always had two threatening love rivals. One was Zhao Ziqiu, whom she had met when she was promoting 3321, and the other was Dong Ai, who was now helping Li Mu to manage 3321. The former was needless to say. The entire National People's Congress knew that she had taken the initiative to pursue Li Mu. Not only were many men in the National People's Congress jealous, but even the men from Yanjing University were quite indignant about it. Su Yingxue had tried to goad Li Mu into confessing to her because she was worried about Zhao Ziqiu. She vaguely felt that Li Mu seemed to be wavering between her and Zhao Ziqiu, so she took the initiative and locked onto Li Mu's girlfriend in advance.

As for Dong Ai, Su Yingxue had never heard of any rumors related to Li Mu. However, she had seen the way Dong Ai looked at Li Mu. As a woman, she always felt that there was some sort of feeling hidden in Dong Ai's eyes for Li Mu. Now that she was wholeheartedly helping Li Mu take care of 3321, she was acting like Li Mu's right-hand man. Even though a woman with such an identity seemed to be innocent with Li Mu, it was often the most worrisome. Dong Ai was well-qualified in all aspects and was very capable. The fact that she was able to take care of 3321 so well was enough to prove that she and Li Mu had a lot in common in their careers. Often, the most frightening thing about a relationship was that a man and a woman had something in common. Common traits would be like magnets, pulling the two closer together. Common traits would also be like a chemical reaction, allowing the two to have more topics to talk about, more telepathic thoughts, and thus, deeper feelings.

As for Du Wei, she couldn't help but start to worry. Even though she was very pure, that didn't mean that she wouldn't have feelings for the opposite sex. Li Mu had written scripts, made micro movies, created roles for her, and also wrote several classic songs for her. Now that she had been invited to a party in Hong Kong, Li Mu actually wanted to go with her. Not to mention whether she would fall in love with Li Mu, there was a question that Su Yingxue couldn't understand. Why did Li Mu treat her so well?

Thus, Su Yingxue asked him tentatively, "This time, only you and Du Wei are going?"

Li Mu said, "Yes, we are going on the 13th and will be back on the 14th."

Su Yingxue felt a little uncomfortable in her heart. Her boyfriend went to Hong Kong with another girl, and they even wanted to spend the night. Was it really appropriate for a man and a woman to be alone?

Maybe the relationship between Li Mu and her was really very pure, but in this case, it was inevitable that she would overthink it. And Li Mu didn't tell her before. She happened to call him when he just got the certificate. If she hadn't called him, would he not have told her these things?

Su Yingxue suddenly felt a little uncomfortable in her heart. She wanted to ask why Li Mu didn't tell her in advance, or if she wanted to go with him. But when the words came to her mouth, she gave up. She didn't want to become an ignorant and complaining woman in front of Li Mu.

So, she said in a flat tone, "You should arrange your time reasonably. Don't be in such a hurry. It's too tiring."

Li Mu didn't notice anything wrong with Su Yingxue on the other end of the phone. He smiled and said, "It's okay. Don't worry."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "Then you drive first. We'll talk later."

Li Mu looked at the time. It was just about dinner time, so he asked her, "Where are you?

Do you want to have lunch together at noon? "

"I'm at my aunt's house." Su Yingxue said, "I came over to help Xinran with her homework on the weekend."

Li Mu said, "That doesn't prevent us from having lunch together. I'll pick you up. Let's eat near your aunt's house. I'll send you back after lunch."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "It's too troublesome. Don't bother. I'll go back to school at night. Why don't we eat together tonight?"

Li Mu said, "Okay, what time are you going to leave your aunt's house?

I'll pick you up. "

"Around 5: 30. If it's convenient for you, call me in advance to confirm."

"Okay."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yingxue couldn't help but sigh. Just then, Wang Xinran entered the house. Just now, Su Yingxue called Li Mu, so she went out. Now, as soon as she entered the door, she saw her sister holding the phone and sighing. She couldn't help but ask her, "Sister, what's wrong?"

Su Yingxue came back to her senses and looked up with a smile. "Nothing."

"You're still lying to me." Wang Xinran walked to Su Yingxue and asked her in a low voice, "Did you have a fight with brother-in-law?"

"No."

Su Yingxue said, "He wanted to ask me to have lunch together at noon. I said it was not convenient, so I changed it to evening."

"Oh …" Wang Xinran nodded gently and said, "Isn't that good? Why are you sighing?"

Su Yingxue smiled awkwardly and tried to cover up, "I didn't sigh. Maybe you heard wrong."

Wang Xinran curled her lips and said, "You don't treat me as a friend at all. It's boring."

After that, she sat down in front of the small desk gloomily, picked up a novel and flipped through it.

Su Yingxue didn't expect that her disguise would be seen through by Wang Xinran. Thinking about it carefully, her performance just now should be quite clumsy. Being seen through by Wang Xinran was not the key point. The key point was that her sister thought that she was treating her as an outsider, which really hurt her. So, she walked to the bedside in front of her and sat down. She said seriously, "Xinran, do you think Li Mu and I are compatible?"

As soon as Wang Xinran heard this, she said subconsciously, "Of course, they are a perfect match. They can't be more compatible!"

Su Yingxue smiled slightly bitterly and said, "Is it really a compliment to say that they are a perfect match?"

Wang Xinran looked at Su Yingxue in astonishment. "What else can it be?

Can it be a derogatory word? "

Su Yingxue shrugged and smiled. She laughed at herself and said, "Anyway, I don't think it's a compliment."

For Su Yingxue, she undoubtedly liked Li Mu very much. However, in her eyes, Li Mu's rapid transformation made her feel more and more powerless. If she and Li Mu were just ordinary candles before university, Li Mu began his continuous transformation after going to university. His light became more and more intense. He was no longer a flickering candle, but an incandescent lamp that illuminated the entire room. And she was still that candle, emitting some dispensable light under his light.

If it was another woman, she might be happy to accept this huge gap and comfort herself with the words "a perfect match". However, she was different. She was not a woman born for love, nor was she a woman born to enjoy life. She had her own clear goals and dreams.

The more it was like this, the more worried Su Yingxue was. Not only was she worried about her potential competitors, but she was also worried that her future would diverge from Li Mu due to the increasing gap between the two of them.

Su Yingxue also wanted to make herself more and more dazzling, but Li Mu always gave her a kind of unattainable despair. If she was willing to be a beautiful lampshade, perhaps it would be better. However, from the trajectory of her previous life, it could be seen that although she looked weak, her heart was unusually tough. Moreover, she had an extraordinary desire to improve. Before she realized her dreams, she was afraid that she would not be willing to stay by a man's side and live under his dazzling light all day long...

At the same time, she was also afraid that one day, Li Mu would start to realize this awkward situation. She was afraid that one day, Li Mu would no longer need a lonely flickering candle under his dazzling light. At that time, what kind of situation would she and he face?