Chapter 1760

In the current era, 45 billion USD was truly a huge sum of money.

Even for an ordinary country, 45 billion USD was an astronomical figure.

Makino Technology wanted to raise 45 billion USD. They did not want the market value or concept, but they wanted to give 10% of their shares to the underwriters. The underwriters had to give 45 billion USD in cash to Makino Technology.

Even if it was not USD bills, it had to be USD cash that could be circulated in bank accounts.

Li Mu's only worry was that Hong Kong's primary market did not have such a large capacity. After all, a market was relatively saturated under most circumstances, and the market value of the entire market was very large. However, to take out 45 billion USD to buy Makino Technology's original shares, this was indeed a high demand for the market size.

Moreover, Li Mu's request was that the shares would not go into Wall Street's pockets.

This was equivalent to rejecting a large number of US brokerages and funds.

Chen Tao was somewhat uncertain about Li Mu's request. He hesitated for a moment and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, the equivalent of 45 billion USD in Hong Kong dollars is not a problem, but if it has to be USD, it is still a bit difficult."

Li Mu said seriously, "Mr. Chen, we seek to be listed in order to speed up the pace of global development. The funds raised will be used for Makino Technology's investment and development activities around the world, so it has to be USD."

Under normal circumstances, listed in a country's currency by default. Because Hua Xia had one country, two systems, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region also had its own currency system. If a company was listed in Hong Kong and had an IPO in Hong Kong, it would naturally be a default transaction in Hong Kong dollars.

However, Li Mu now knew the importance of USD in the process of international development.

This was also one of the reasons why domestic Internet companies preferred to be listed in the US.

The circulation of US dollars was stronger. Internet companies were developing globally. If the cash in their hands was in US dollars, it would be much more convenient.

Otherwise, if it was in RMB, it would be relatively difficult for Makino Technology to operate overseas in the future, and they would have to constantly exchange foreign exchange with the Central Bank.

Therefore, many multinational companies adopted the offshore operation model. For example, Makino Technology registered an offshore company in the Cayman Islands and controlled the domestic Makino Technology. At the same time, they controlled the Makino Technology in the United States. In the future, Makino Technology would even have branches all over the world.

In this way, Makino Technology's domestic business could be settled directly in RMB, which was one of the settlement lines. The overseas business could be settled in USD, which was another settlement line. If the business expanded further, it would be necessary to add a euro settlement line. This way, each currency market would have its own subsidiary companies operating independently.

If Makino Technology was listed in Hong Kong, after the official IPO, it would be traded in Hong Kong dollars in the secondary market, which was the public trading market, then it would not have much to do with him. However, if he got Hong Kong dollars in the primary market, then it would be somewhat troublesome.

For example, Makino Technology now had to hand over 45 billion USD worth of shares to underwriters, who would then sell the shares in the primary market.

So, who did they sell these shares to?

Most of them were other brokerages, investment institutions, and investment funds.

Brokerages were equivalent to wholesalers. For example, a securities company in Hong Kong had one million users. They would sell part of the shares they bought from the underwriters to their users in advance.

As for investment institutions and funds, their purpose was to manage securities. If a securities fund had 100 million USD, for the sake of profits, they would invest this 100 million USD in stocks with potential for appreciation. This way, the fund's investors would have better returns, and the fund's managers would also have greater gains. This kind of fund's love for the original shares surpassed everything else. If they had chosen a company, they would hold the shares for a long time, far longer than ordinary individual investors.

Therefore, based on Li Mu's request, when the 45 billion USD worth of shares were sold to these people in the primary market, they had to be settled in USD and not Hong Kong dollars. And when they received these shares, it had nothing to do with him what currency they were willing to use to trade in the secondary market.

Chen Tao thought for a moment and said, "Li Zong, about the USD matter, we can first communicate with our partners and see how much USD they have in their hands."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If most of them are from Hong Kong, then we can ask them to think of ways to get USD. Even if there is a certain loss in the exchange rate, Makino Technology's room for appreciation is much, much bigger than this loss. In the face of benefits, they will naturally think of ways."

Chen Tao replied, "That's true. Right now, the market is very optimistic about the prospects of Makino Technology. The initial shares are still very attractive."

Li Mu said again, "45 billion USD is just the threshold, so President Chen, you should communicate with your partners and capital to prepare as much funds as possible. Because we have a new project ready to start recently, if the concept of this new project is released, the market's recognition of Makino Technology's market value will increase to another level. At that time, it is not impossible for Makino Technology's market value to exceed 500 billion USD. In that case, we can either use 10% to raise 50 billion USD or 9% to raise 45 billion USD. I don't value shares that much, so if the market is more abundant, we are willing to exchange more shares for more cash."

Underwriting shares was like buying a house. If you have one million USD in cash, you can buy 125 square meters when the house price is 8000 USD. But if the house price rises to 10000 USD and you still only have one million USD, then you can only buy a house of 100 square meters.

Chen Tao asked curiously, "Li Zong, about the new project you mentioned, can you reveal a little more details?"

Li Mu said, "The name of the product is called 'Hungry Man'. Although it will be released on Taobao, I plan to take 'Hungry Man' out and operate it independently. If this concept is successful, then I will package 'Hungry Man' into Makino Technology and go public together."

"Hungry?" Chen Tao asked curiously, "Is it in the food and beverage industry?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, "Sort of."

Chen Tao was very puzzled.

Why would a company in the internet industry want to go into the food and beverage industry?

The food and beverage industry was not easy to do …

Moreover, the space for imagination was really too small. Could it be that Li Mu wanted to create a large chain of food and beverage enterprises like McDonald's?

Chen Tao was a little puzzled.

The food and beverage industry itself was not favored by capital. Until now, Hua Xia did not have a single listed food and beverage enterprise. In the world, other than a few well-known fast food brands, there were no other enterprises that could be brought out.

Chen Tao did not know much about Li Mu's way of doing food and beverage, and Li Mu did not plan to reveal too much.

'Hungry Man' was already in development. Now that the internal testing was completed, it was ready to go online at any time.

Moreover, the Yanjing area had already recruited close to ten thousand restaurants. At the same time, thousands of riders had been trained in Yanjing in a low-key manner. Once it went online, it would be tested in Yanjing. Moreover, it would be opened one district at a time.

Tesla casually used some leftover technology to solve the energy storage problem of the lithium-ion battery electric scooter. Now, the first version of 'Hungry Man' electric scooter had already been rolled out in a large bicycle and moped factory in China.

This lithium-ion battery electric scooter with Tesla's technology had a stable driving range of around sixty kilometers. Although the cost was not cheap, it was still very cost-effective to use it as an exclusive ride in the early stages.

The electric scooter used a unique 'Hungry Man' paint, which was very recognizable. Moreover, it was paired with a custom-made delivery suit, helmet, and incubator. It was also a very good promotion for the brand.

Therefore, at this stage, this product was already mature and could be put into "open beta".

Although it was not yet the mobile internet era, with Taobao's platform, there was no problem making a PC first.

Moreover, Li Mu had already sorted out the product logic. The merchants would accept orders online, and the riders would send orders within a fixed range. Although there was no smart machine to ensure better real-time coordinates and information exchange, it was enough for the riders to accept orders and send orders through SMS. This model was completely stripped from the mobile internet product and could be perfectly transplanted to the PC.

Once 'Hungry Man' went online, it would cultivate a large group of lazy people in the big cities who were no longer willing to go out to eat. At that time, these users would be highly glued to the food delivery platform, and he would control the flow of the food delivery platform. At that time, 'Hungry Man' would be like 'Hungry Man' and 'Meituan' in the future. Its core meaning would not be a food delivery product, but a food distribution platform.

In the future, 'Hungry Man' and 'Meituan' would provide hundreds of millions of orders every day. The food sold through them could be more than a million tons per day, far more than any chain restaurant. Therefore, 'Hungry Man' and 'Meituan' would be the largest processed food distribution platform in Hua Xia, directly choking the lifeblood of all restaurants.

Therefore, after 'Hungry Man' and 'Meituan' in the future expanded the market, they could earn a lot of profits from the orders without any scruples. For a 100 yuan order, they would earn 10 yuan from the merchants, and then earn a certain amount of the delivery fee from the users. If this business model was implemented in the country, or even globally, it would be another huge market worth hundreds of billions of dollars.

However, Li Mu wasn't sure if Hungry Dog would become a hit immediately. If it did, he would bring it to Ye Muye Technology, and he would be able to make more money by taking the opportunity to get it listed.

Although the ecological concept of a big company could not achieve one plus one greater than two, it could achieve ten plus one greater than eleven.

In other words, when there were already ten of them in the ecosystem, every additional one would increase the overall value of the ecosystem.

If 'Hungry Man' was given to a small company, it might be able to achieve a market value of tens of billions in a few years. However, if it was given to Makino Technology, it was very likely that the valuation would immediately increase from 4500 to 4600 billion. This way, according to the ratio, 'Hungry Man' would be able to raise a huge sum of one billion USD. Then, it would be able to expand crazily in the country, or even globally.

If 'Hungry Man' was not recognized by the market during this period, then it would be a loss to bring 'Hungry Man' in. After all, this concept was still very valuable. In this way, Makino Technology could be listed first, and 'Hungry Man' could be left to develop independently. In the future, when it became bigger and stronger, it could be listed together with 'Taobao' or be listed separately. These were all very easy to achieve.