Chapter 1566

Although Li Mu was just an ordinary football enthusiast, he was the best football scout in the world in this era.

A football player's golden career was no more than ten years, and Li Mu's memory of the future slightly exceeded this number. If football players were to be divided according to the normal way, every four years, that is, every World Cup year, could be counted as the node of a generation of players.

In other words, every four years, a new generation would be born in the world of football. In this way, Li Mu's memory could cover the next three generations of emerging players from now on.

Li Mu knew exactly who among the next three generations of young players could grow into the world's top and who could grow into the world's first-class.

This ability was something that no football coach could ever hope to achieve.

Because of this, Li Mu must ensure that the team's introduction of players fully followed his decisions. Only in this way could he ensure that everyone introduced was a good player.

In addition to ensuring the right to decide on the introduction of players, Li Mu also said to CEO Alister, "From now on, all the club's advertising sponsorships will stop renewing. Those that have signed the agreement will all pay liquidated damages according to the contract and terminate the cooperation reasonably and legally. From this season onwards, the club's advertising sponsorship will all be arranged by me. In theory, it will all be absorbed by my company."

For a club like Manchester City, which had always been tepid, the income from advertising sponsorship would not be too high, which meant that the penalty for breach of contract would not be too high. Therefore, it was worth it to pay a penalty for breach of contract and drive all these advertising sponsors off the bus.

Moreover, the breach of contract was not without the spirit of the contract. After all, the breach of contract clause was also part of the contract. As long as the breach of contract clause was respected and strictly implemented, it was also another manifestation of compliance with the contract.

If the contract stipulated that a million dollars of liquidated damages should be paid, then the one million dollars would be given to the other party. Just like a player's transfer, if the contract with the previous club had not expired, as long as the liquidated damages were paid according to the signed agreement, the contract could be reasonably and legally terminated immediately.

The reason why Li Mu wanted to clear all the Manchester City club's advertising sponsors was for no other reason than to leave all the advertising resources to his own industry. This was the most cost-effective way to digest.

Moreover, once the outside world knew that the Manchester City Football Club had become his property, then the Manchester City Football Club's overall exposure would surely usher in an explosive growth. At that time, it would be a good time for him and the Manchester City Football Club to play a combination fist.

Makino Technology, Taobao, Alipay, and even Wanying Real Estate, Wanying Square, Gubeishui Town, and Wanying Film and Television Base would all have the opportunity to become advertising sponsors of Manchester City. Such a bundled combination could achieve the effect of 1 + 1 greater than 2.

As the CEO of the Manchester City team, Alister was also well aware of the industry rules. At this time, it was the club's best choice to legally withdraw the original advertising sponsors according to the terms of the contract. So he immediately said to Li Mu, "Please rest assured, Li Zong. I'll start handling this matter today and complete the termination as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Manchester City is a football club with a long history. I will fully support you in the future and work with you to build Manchester City into a first-class football club in the United Kingdom and even the world. During this period, I hope everyone here, including me, can work together and work together."

The crowd applauded excitedly. With a boss like Li Mu, everyone firmly believed that the club was about to usher in a take-off.

Li Mu immediately said to the manager, Kevin Keegan, "Kevin, do you know Cristiano Ronaldo, who Manchester United just signed this year?"

"Cristiano?"

Kevin Keegan was only slightly startled and immediately said, "I know this young man. His talent and strength are indeed very good. He already has the shadow of a first-team player at a young age, and his transfer price seems to have exceeded 12 million pounds. For a young player who has just turned 18, this price is already sky-high."

Li Mu nodded and asked him, "Do you know where he is now?

Has he arrived at Manchester United? "

Kevin Keegan shook his head gently and asked his assistant, "Fendi, has that Cristiano arrived at Manchester United?"

"He has arrived."

The middle-aged man called Fendi nodded and said, "A friend of mine went to Manchester United to see his training the day before yesterday. Tomorrow is Manchester United's first game of the season. He is likely to play as a substitute."

Li Mu blurted out, "Find a way to contact Cristiano's agent and tell him that I want Cristiano's contract. If he is interested, ask him to bring Cristiano to see me."

Kevin Keegan blurted out, "Now?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "The sooner the better."

…

At the moment, at Manchester United's Carrington training base two kilometers away.

Eighteen-year-old Cristiano Ronaldo was doing daily training on the field with his other teammates.

He had just joined Manchester United at a young age and had just arrived in England. He had not fully adapted to life and training here.

However, the young Cristiano Ronaldo put in more effort in training than any other player on the pitch. He wanted to prove his strength in the English Premier League and wanted to become a great football player.

The news he saw in the dormitory before training touched Cristiano Ronaldo a lot. The Hua Xia genius, Li Mu, whom he had always admired, the genius Li Mu, who had created the Internet industry and even the entire business miracle, was awarded the Grand Cross of Nobility by the Queen at Buckingham Palace today.

It was the highest honor in the Imperial Order of Merit. Even their manager, the great Sir Alex Ferguson, only received a KBE, which was one grade lower than Li Mu.

Cristiano Ronaldo was greatly encouraged by this.

He felt that Li Mu, who was only a few years older than him, could have such great achievements. If he went all out, although he could not catch up with him in a few years, he would certainly make achievements in the football field that would make the world sit up and take notice of him.

On the way to the training ground, many of the Manchester United players were discussing Li Mu's GBE award. One of the British players complained about it. He felt that Li Mu was not qualified to receive a GBE. He was not even qualified to receive any Imperial Order of Merit. He thought that Li Mu was nothing more than rich, and it was even likely that he had bought the medal with money.

Cristiano Ronaldo refuted the teammate he had just met on the spot. He said, "Li Mu is not only the richest man in the world, but also the most accomplished young man in the world. More importantly, he is the most famous and most recognized young man in the world. I think he fully deserves this medal."

The British player was very dissatisfied with Cristiano Ronaldo's words. He publicly rebuked Cristiano Ronaldo and said, "You are not British, so you don't understand the British worship of the Grand Cross of Nobility."

Cristiano Ronaldo did not back down and said, "Before coming out, the BBC broadcast random interviews live by passers-by. The British passers-by liked Li Mu's GBE award by more than 80%. The vast majority of Britons recognized it. Why do you think Li Mu is not qualified?"

At this time, the other British players on the team also expressed their support for Cristiano Ronaldo.

Someone said, "I also think that Li Mu is fully qualified. Britain is only a country with tens of millions of people, but Li Mu has affected the lives of hundreds of millions or even billions of people. His achievements cannot be represented by an Imperial Order of Merit."

Someone else said, "I think with Li Mu's achievements, I won't be surprised if he gets any medal."

Someone else said, "I even think with Li Mu's achievements, he doesn't care about this medal at all. When we are still here discussing whether he is qualified to receive this medal, he might have already thrown this medal into the trash."

Everyone laughed at the time. Although it was just a joke, no one thought there was anything wrong with it except for the player who defended the Empire's status and dignity.

Cristiano Ronaldo thought of this on the field, and his admiration for Li Mu increased a little.

An 18-year-old boy was at the stage where he needed a lighthouse in life the most. The 18-year-old Cristiano Ronaldo regarded Li Mu as his lighthouse in life.

Just as Cristiano Ronaldo lobbed a ball into the net, a familiar figure appeared on the sidelines of the field. That man was his agent, Jorge Mendes.

Jorge Mendes was a shining star in the football capital market. He founded Restift, which had a huge influence in the European football market. At the same time, he single-handedly discovered Ronaldo and successfully sent him from Sporting Lisbon to Manchester United. Later, he sent Mourinho to Chelsea. At the same time, he was deeply involved in a large number of transfer cases in the European market. Many top players, although playing in various leagues around the world, signed their agency contracts under his company.

Just half an hour ago, Jorge Mendes suddenly received a call from the leader of the Goldberg family, Davidson. For a person like Jorge Mendes who specialized in brokers, he knew all the rich, big families, and aristocrats in Europe like the back of his hand. He had also been active among these upper-class people, so he knew Davidson very well.

Although Jorge Mendes had a good reputation in the European football industry, in terms of size and social influence, he was a small shrimp in front of Davidson. Therefore, he was flattered when he received a call from Davidson.

Jorge Mendes originally thought that the Goldberg family had just bought the Manchester City Football Club and that Davidson must be looking for him to cooperate with him in the football field, such as the transfer of players and so on. So he was particularly excited to be able to talk about this future big client. But he did not expect that Davidson would tell him a piece of information on the phone that made his jaw drop.

Davidson told him that the real owner of the Manchester City Football Club was not the Goldberg family, but the famous Li Mu.

Moreover, Li Mu was now at the Manchester City Football Club!

What made Davidson even more stunned was that Davidson told him that Li Mu was very interested in Cristiano Ronaldo and hoped that Jorge Mendes could bring Cristiano Ronaldo to meet him.

In front of Davidson, Jorge Mendes was just a small shrimp. In front of Li Mu, Jorge Mendes could only be regarded as a plankton.

Now, a plankton like him was summoned by Li Mu …