Chapter 211

Li Mu was a little confused. It was a simple plan. The four rich second-generation heirs were all rich and powerful Childes. Their biggest dream was to play rock and roll and become stars. Now, although the four of them had not officially signed a record company to release albums, because of the four popular songs and the successful operation, their current popularity was comparable to that of A-list singers.

Li Mu didn't understand why they needed him to solve their problems now that they were so comfortable.

Zhang Kexuan said, "At first, we were just fooling around. Then, we met you. Our biggest dream was to make a name for ourselves in Jinling. We didn't expect that after participating in a competition, we would inexplicably become famous. Although we are busy running around every day to participate in all kinds of programs and activities, we secretly sigh every day. Everything is like a dream."

Ye Tianming also said, "In fact, we have always been a little uncertain. After all, our four songs are actually your works. The more times we sing them, the more psychological pressure we feel. During this time, the four of us also want to try to write our own original songs to see if we can slowly walk out of your powerful figure and get on the right track. However, we found that compared with your previous four songs, what we wrote is far from what you wrote before …"

Li Mu's heart was like a mirror. He smiled and asked, "You guys, I haven't seen you for so long. Don't tell me you came to me this time to ask me to write another song for you?"

The four of them suddenly looked at each other.

Originally, they did have this idea and wanted to see if Li Mu was willing. But now that Li Mu took the initiative to ask, they were really embarrassed to answer.

Zhang Kexuan scratched his head and said, "Mu Ge, don't think so badly of us. We don't just want to ask you to write songs for us like you think. In fact, we have always treated you as a brother and a teacher. During the time when you were in school, we were really busy, so we didn't come to see you. But we didn't come here to ask for songs from you …"

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "It's not the best. It's not that I don't want to write songs for you. The key is that you haven't made full use of the value of the four songs. Four songs for a band is a little less, but think about it from another perspective. A band with four popular songs can at least survive for more than a year!"

Li Mu knew very well that most singers could be popular for a year or two or even more than a decade with just one song. Yang Chengang and Pang Long could be said to be famous all over the world with just one song. Everyone knew them, and they also knew that one of them had sung "Mice Love Rice" and the other had sung "Two Butterflies". But who knew if they had ever released an album?

What was the name of the album?

Zhang Kexuan said, "Actually, we didn't really come here to ask you to write songs for us this time. We have been very busy since you went to school. So, we wanted to come and see you. In addition, we wanted to discuss something with you."

Zhang Kexuan's expression was a little coy as he spoke. It seemed that he was struggling.

Li Mu asked, "What do you want to discuss? Just say it. Don't be so coy as a man."

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "It's mainly because we've been too busy during this period of time. There are many things that the four of us can't handle. In addition, many record companies want to sign with us, so we wanted to ask you, can we start signing contracts now?

Recently, I see that your energy doesn't seem to be on Easy Listening. "

Li Mu was suddenly enlightened. He just remembered that when he started the Easy Listening Network, he had told Simple Plan not to sign any company for the time being. At that time, he needed to use their fame and exclusive music, posters, and photos to attract the first batch of users of the Easy Listening Network. At that time, Simple Plan had indeed made great contributions to the Easy Listening Network. However, after the Easy Listening Network climbed to the top of the domestic MP3 demo, he used the Easy Listening Network to incubate the Tieba. He did not vigorously operate the Easy Listening Network, nor did he help Simple Plan with commercial promotion.

Now thinking about it, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a little ashamed. He did ignore them, and they didn't have an agent or a company behind them. It was really hard and inefficient for the four of them to carry it out by themselves.

Li Mu asked, "Do you have any companies in mind now?"

Zhang Kexuan said, "Now I'm more inclined to Rolling Stone, because they give the best signing conditions and resources."

Li Mu nodded and thought of Rolling Stone Records. It seemed that they were relatively big in Taiwan, but they were weak in Hong Kong, and they had not developed much in the mainland. In Li Mu's impression, the more powerful record companies in the mainland in the early years were EMI and Universal Records. The big stars in Hong Kong and the mainland were almost monopolized by these two companies.

Li Mu asked, "Did EMI and Universal throw an olive branch?"

"Yes."

Zhang Kexuan nodded and said, "The artists under them are too powerful, and the resources are monopolized by the upper management. It's difficult for newcomers to make a name for themselves. The industry generally feels that Rolling Stone still pays great attention to cultivating newcomers."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Do you think the four of you are still newcomers?"

Zhang Kexuan asked awkwardly, "Aren't we?"

"Of course not."

Li Mu said with a serious expression, "You are now the legend of dominating the domestic music chart. Four songs have dominated the chart for a long time. Now it seems that only 'Sunflower' has been off the chart, right?"

Zhang Kexuan said with some confidence, "These four songs are really popular, but considering that our image in front of the national audience is not good enough, we still have to let the company repackage us as newcomers."

Li Mu asked, "What do you mean by 'repackage'?"

Ye Tianming said, "What Rolling Stone means is that if we sign the contract, they will try to arrange some notices for variety shows for us before we go on the Spring Festival Gala. They have strong resources in the field of variety shows in Taiwan, so they will also help us warm up in Taiwan. After the Spring Festival Gala, with the momentum of the Spring Festival Gala, they will arrange for us to develop in other fields. At present, they have promised to let Kexuan guest star in an idol drama in Taiwan."

Li Mu suddenly thought of the plan that he had been brewing before. He patted the table and said excitedly, "Don't you want to release an EP?

After the Spring Festival Gala, I will invest in a micro film, which revolves around the theme of 'Old Boys'. I will let you be the protagonists. The momentum of the Spring Festival Gala and the momentum of the micro film will definitely push you to a new height. At that time, EMI and Universal will definitely give you a better signing treatment, and then release an EP. It will definitely be popular all over the country! "

The four people were stunned. Although they were all very rich, none of them had connections in the film and television industry. Therefore, in the eyes of the four people, making a movie was still a relatively high-end thing. Now Li Mu actually said that he would make a movie for them. Did he have connections in the film and television industry?

Li Mu's answer made the four people a little confused. He said, "I don't have any connections in the film and television industry. Moreover, we are not making a big movie, but a micro film."

The four people were even more surprised. Ye Tianming grinned and asked, "Damn, movies are also divided into big movies and micro films?

Micro film, is it the kind of illegal small movie? "

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "What are you thinking?

Even if you want to act in that kind of movie, I won't make it. The micro film I am talking about is distinguished according to the duration, investment scale and subsequent release platform. "

"What do you mean?" The four people were confused.

Li Mu simply explained, "It can be understood as a mini film. After the film is finished, it will not be shown in the cinema."

“

"Movies that aren't shown in cinemas …" When the four of them heard this, they immediately lost interest.

In their eyes, a movie that could not be shown in the cinema was as useless as a car that could not be driven on the road. They were not interested at all.

Li Mu explained with a smile, "Don't think that a movie that can't be shown in the cinema has no influence. Don't you see the box office in the whole country in a year? How many commercial cinemas are there in total?

Many fifth-tier cities don't have cinemas at all. They usually pay more attention to the small screen, that is, the TV at home and the computer monitor. Think about it yourself, what kind of movie can match the coverage of the news broadcast?

There are so many famous movie stars in Hong Kong. How many of them are popular in the cinema?

Aren't they all relying on pirated videotapes and CDs?

As long as they can stand firm on the small screen, what's the big impact if they don't go to the big screen? "

Zhang Kexuan rubbed his chin and nodded, "That makes sense."

At this time, Li Mu threw out another temptation, "Also, I'm not like Rolling Stone, who will help one of you find a small role. I'm tailoring a movie for the four of you. The four of you will be the main stars, and it will be filmed according to the song 'Old Boys'. If this movie becomes popular, your first EP will be called 'Old Boys'."

Li Mu's words made the four people tempted. Although the most positive energy and the most recognized by the media and the government was' Fly Higher ',' Old Boys' was obviously more down to earth. It had occupied the top spot on the KTV Hit List for a long time, proving that this song had a strong base. If they made a down to earth inspirational movie around it, it would definitely be very popular.

The four people asked, "When are you shooting it?

How much is the investment? "

Li Mu held his chin and thought for a while. If they wanted to shoot it, they had to do it as soon as possible. It was the Lunar New Year in February. They had to finish the movie before the Lunar New Year.

After thinking for a while, he said to the four people, "Let's do it this way. I'll coordinate the team and equipment. Let's try to start shooting in December. The movie doesn't need too much investment. A few hundred thousand is enough. I'll pay for it."

"How can we do that?" The four people immediately said, "We'll pay for it. We'll take one million first. If it's not enough, we'll add more."

Li Mu said, "Actually, I'm going to do advertising. If it's done well, not only will we not have to pay for it, but we can also make money in the end."

The others were a little doubtful. Ye Tianming suddenly patted his thigh and said, "Brothers, what are you thinking about? We are now big names. If we tell the public that we are starring in a movie, it's not a problem to get some advertising sponsorship. Mu Ge must have thought about it long ago. Am I right, Mu Ge?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right. But how much sponsorship can we get, we still have to rely on everyone to find the resources. Based on your current popularity, as long as this micro movie is set up, we can communicate with the major provincial TV stations. If they can arrange to broadcast it as soon as possible, we won't ask for any licensing fees. We can let them broadcast it for free."

The micro movie had not really matured yet, and the market was almost blank. Now, the local TV stations were doing things in a wild way. It was not a big problem for the micro movie to be broadcast on TV. In order to avoid the slightly sensitive term of movie, Li Mu had already thought of an alternative name. When the time came, he would directly give it to the TV stations and broadcast it with the gimmick of "Simple Plan – Old Boys Youth Documentary". There would definitely be no risks or problems in the operation.

Then, Li Mu roughly talked about the story outline of "Old Boys" at the dinner table. However, in this story outline, he replaced the Chopsticks Brothers with the four people of "Simple Plan". He omitted the part where they imitated Michael Jackson's dance. He directly used the campus band as the starting point. It told the story of four boys who played in a band in high school. After they entered society, they reorganized the band to participate in the competition for their ideals. The overall context was not much different from "Old Boys" in his previous life. Naturally, there needed to be a beautiful girl in the middle to enrich the plot.

Although this story structure was a bit melodramatic, it was really inspirational and exciting. The four people of "Simple Plan" were also very excited. After listening to it, they almost didn't want to leave Yanjing. They wanted to simply shoot this micro movie in Yanjing in one breath.

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Even if you want to shoot it, you can't shoot it in Yanjing. You have to go to Haizhou, to my former high school."

The four people asked, "Why?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Because of feelings."