Chapter 280

For the netizens who did not participate in the event, they knew nothing about what happened on Q Bar in the past 20 minutes.

However, the industry insiders were extremely well-informed. Many of them were already in the Tieba forums. Internet and IT forums had always been the favorite Tieba forums of the industry. When the Tieba event started last night, they had already noticed it.

The next morning, the news of Q Bar being flooded by millions of users spread across the internet.

The most shocking thing was the appeal of Tieba. Many netizens could not understand why Tieba had such a strong appeal. It could mobilize millions of users to destroy a website.

How could their users have such high loyalty?

Currently, there were two types of users with high stickiness and loyalty. One was the users of instant messaging software, and the other was the users of online games. The former was strong because the users had established their own connections with their products. The latter was strong because their users were all paying customers, addicted to their products, and had a long average usage time.

However, even the two most popular instant messaging software and netizens, QQ and Legend of Mir, did not have the appeal to mobilize millions of users. Unless they offered some benefits to their users. If QQ gave membership services and Legend of Mir gave membership cards, they might be able to attract millions of users. However, it was impossible to mobilize millions of users to fight for the platform overnight.

What shocked the National People's Congress was that Tieba managed to do it. Although everyone could see that there were signs of fake reviewers, it was not a big deal. Even if most companies used fake reviewers, they would not be able to achieve such an effect. In order to convince the netizens to fight for you, you must first let them have a sense of belonging to your product. Only when they see themselves as part of the product will they be incited and fight for you. If not, why would the users do anything for you if they were not interested in your product?

Tieba.

Although a website had become the top Chinese community, it did not seem to have found a profit model. It was unbelievable that it could cause a war of millions of users.

This made many people reevaluate Tieba and the company's future development.

At the same time, everyone was more curious about Q Bar's next move. With tens of millions of users behind it, it would definitely not be defeated by such an event. Temporarily shutting down the website.

This was nothing to an internet company. Everyone knew that it would definitely make a comeback. Tieba won once with its users. Could these users help them win again?

At noon, Li Mu finished filming Du Wei's last scene in Haizhou. Most of the scenes took place in the teacher's office. The plot was: Chen Xiaoshuai, the villain played by Chen Kun, was jealous of the couple's relationship, so he reported it to the teacher. The teacher invited the couple's parents and told them about it. Zhang Kexuan's character, Zhang Xuan, was slapped by his "father" in the office.

And Du Wei, the heroine played by Du Wei, was directly taken out of the office by her parents. The moment she got into the car, her father said, "Don't come to this school again. I'll arrange a transfer for you today. From now on, don't see that little hooligan Zhang again!"

Then, Du Wei got into the car with red eyes. The car drove out of the gate of Haizhou No.1 Middle School. Her scenes in Haizhou were all over.

Because the actors had already integrated into the movie, the shooting efficiency was very fast. The scenes were scheduled to be finished at 1: 30.

They were all finished at 1: 00.

After the performance, Li Mu found Ning Hao and told him that he would return to Yan Jing this afternoon. He asked him to lead the shooting for the next two days.

80% of the scenes in Haizhou had been shot, and he asked him to help wrap up the remaining 20%. After that, he would directly take the crew back to Yan Jing. He would wait for them in Yan Jing and would not come back.

After a few days of cooperation, Ning Hao and Li Mu had become buddies.

On the set, Ning Hao had been sharing all kinds of work with Li Mu. Outside the set, Li Mu and Ning Hao often talked all night about the future direction of the movie. Li Mu's "bold prediction" and "broadening vision" of the future convinced Ning Hao. In his words, "I know you're bragging, but I just admire you."

Because of this increasingly close relationship, Ning Hao was ready to sign with Makino Image on the first day of 2002 without waiting for the movie to be finished. At that time, Tang Wei, who was studying directing at the Chinese Academy of Drama, would also sign with him to Makino Image.

Li Mu had never been in contact with the entertainment industry in his previous life. He did not even have a close understanding of it. In this life, he was particularly interested in this industry because he found that as long as he made a breakthrough in this industry, there would always be unexpected gains. When he was preparing for the movie, he met Ning Hao. With Ning Hao, he met Chen Kun. Because of Chen Kun, because of Simple Plan, he met Zhao Wei. When he came to the set, he met Tang Wei, who was still a student.

In Li Mu's dream, the perfect operation model of Makino Image was to earn a steady stream of money from other fields, and then invest the money in those directors with potential, and use those actors with potential to make movies with potential. Because he was experienced and understood the development of the domestic film market, this business was guaranteed to be profitable. Moreover, if he could have more cash flow, he would invest in cinemas. With more cinemas, his movies could make more money. With more money, he could attract more famous directors and stars to make more profitable movies and open more cinemas.

As long as it was done properly, this was a snowball operation model. The future development space was extraordinarily huge.

…

Li Mu and Du Wei booked the same flight from Jinling to Yan Jing. The flight took off at four o 'clock in the afternoon. Ye Tianming, who had no scenes in the afternoon, personally drove the two to the airport. Before boarding the plane at 3: 30, Li Mu also specially called Zhao Kang. On the one hand, he asked about the development of the situation since the morning, and on the other hand, he asked about the public relations situation of the media.

Zhao Kang said that he was still running public relations. In the morning, he went to the largest supermarket chain in Yan Jing and bought 200,000 shopping cards, all of which were in denominations of 5,000 yuan. In his words, this kind of shopping card was anonymous and did not leave any record. When he sent it out, there was no psychological burden for others to hold it. Moreover, this supermarket was very popular in Yan Jing now. It had a very complete range of products, especially home appliances. Therefore, this supermarket's shopping card could be bought back at the price of 95% at any time and could be easily converted into cash.

Li Mu admired Zhao Kang's current meticulousness in his heart. After affirming his approach, he asked him about the current progress of public relations.

The 200,000 shopping cards had already been sent out 160,000 yuan. Now, they had not found a suitable way in the news media and print media. Li Mu immediately gave the contact information of several media reporters that he had contacted when he was interviewed at the beginning to Zhao Kang.

At the same time, Li Mu reminded Zhao Kang, "Tell all the media people you contact that after this matter is done, double the public relations fee."

The incident of millions of people attacking Baidu Bar was originally big news. However, if there was no guidance, when the media reported such big news, their starting points were often different.

For example, in this incident, some media might see that Q Bar's infringement had caused the resistance of netizens in Tieba. Such a media perspective was undoubtedly beneficial to Tieba.

Some media might look deeper and point the topic to the current blind spots and fringe areas of the law in the field of the Internet, in an attempt to trigger the relevant departments of the law and the Internet field to think. Such a media perspective was not too big of a deal for Tieba.

If some media pointed the topic to the "scale of millions of people" of this incident and made a big fuss about it, publicizing the huge influence of the Internet, then it would be a little dangerous. He was afraid that the listeners would be interested. If it attracted excessive attention from the government, he might get into trouble.

Therefore, regardless of whether it was for the consideration of pursuing Q Bar fiercely or for his own safety, Li Mu needed to unify the media's perspective to the first level, which was the simplest and most direct level: Q Bar violated the rights and interests of a large number of Tieba members, and the bar members spontaneously organized to protest at Q Bar. He must prevent the media from over-interpreting this incident. If everyone felt that this incident was such a simple cause and effect, then this incident would not backfire and bring him trouble.

In order to achieve this goal, forget 200,000 yuan, Li Mu would not hesitate even if it was 2,000,000 yuan.

This was also where Li Mu was ahead of his peers.

The development of the Internet had to go through many stages. Before 2000, the Internet was in the exploration stage. Everyone tried to explore all kinds of possibilities of the Internet, boldly proposed hypotheses, and boldly explored. After 2000, the Internet was in a period of hard work for several years. From the exploration stage, the path tried had gradually been proven. Everyone was busy racing horses to enclose territory and seize the initiative in different neighboring areas. Therefore, the Internet companies at this stage would put most of their energy into focused development. In other words, the current Internet companies did not really know how to play tricks.

After 2005, the internet market would gradually enter a truly mature stage. Everyone would start to lay out the ecosystem and develop a closed loop. Those who worked on software would want to work on hardware, and those who worked on hardware would want to play with software. There would be more and more overlapping fields. Two companies that had nothing to do with each other before 2005 might start fighting in multiple fields at the same time after 2005. At this time, Tengxun's Boss Ma and 3721's Boss Zhou would probably never have dreamed that in another ten years, their two companies would turn the world upside down and be inseparable.

In the future, the comprehensive competition also gave birth to a variety of competitive methods. As the number of arguments increased, and the means emerged in an endless stream, everyone became more and more aware of how to coordinate resources during a fight. As a result, after 2005, all large Internet companies had a strong public relations department. But now, several well-known domestic Internet companies did not even have a "public relations" functional structure.