Chapter 507

Chen Tong felt that Makino Technology must be coveting the traffic aggregation ability of navigation websites on the web. Therefore, when he put aside all appearances and looked at the essence, he realized that Makino Technology must be planning to focus on the web.

At the moment, the model of web products was still relatively simple. Other than forums, chat rooms, and some functional websites for viewing pictures, reading books, watching videos, or listening to songs, the rest were basically portals. Of course, there were many types of portals. Sina was a comprehensive portal, but portals like Zhongguancun Online, Auto Home, and 17173 were vertical portals.

Chen Tong carefully analyzed Makino Technology's product line. He felt that Makino Technology's existing web products did not require them to lay out the traffic on the web. Their Tieba, Happy Farm, and personal space were all supported by YY, and they had already absorbed most of the netizens. At this time, the traffic on the web could only play a role of icing on the cake, and it was not very meaningful.

Based on Makino Technology's way of doing things, why would they create a product that was of little value to themselves?

Moreover, Makino Technology's move was a little boring. They were trying to imitate a personal website that did not have much technical content, and they had mobilized a lot of resources. It was obvious that they were trying to force Hao123 into a dead end. For such a large company, why would they do something like this?

Chen Tong pondered for a long time. 'They don't need the traffic on the web, but they still want to create such a navigation website. The only reasonable explanation is that Makino Technology wants to control the traffic on the web.'

After figuring this out, Chen Tong broke out in a cold sweat. Although the overall appearance of the navigation website was very low-end, the traffic on the navigation website was not to be underestimated. If Makino Technology could really get rid of Hao123 and replace it, then all the well-known web sites in the country would be choked by them.

Sina's daily traffic composition was divided into four major directions. In descending order, the first was the search engine, the second was Hao123, the third was the loyal users who logged in by themselves, and the fourth was external links. Hao123, which ranked second, contributed at least 25% to 30% of the traffic to Sina. This included not only new users, but also loyal users. However, these loyal users did not log in by typing in the Sina URL directly. Instead, they logged in through Hao123, so their traffic entrance was also on Hao123.

If one day, there was no link to Sina on Hao123, then Sina would lose at least 15-20% of its traffic. This was the blood supply of new users. If the input of new users was cut off, then the overall traffic would be greatly affected. At the same time, those loyal users who jumped to Sina through Hao123 must be more reliant on Hao123 than on Sina. Therefore, if they could not find the entrance to Sina on Hao123, they would most likely choose to enter other portals through Hao123. In this case, it was equivalent to losing loyal users.

If one thought about it carefully, this point was actually very scary. For a portal, if it lost 20% or more of its traffic, it would be a devastating blow. This was especially true for a listed company like Xinlang. The slightest bit of bad news would cause its stock price to suffer a huge blow, and the confidence of investors would also be greatly destroyed.

Chen Tong, who was extremely nervous, immediately reported the possibility that he thought of to the decision-makers of Sina. However, when these words reached the ears of the higher-ups, everyone thought that Chen Tong was just being alarmist.

First of all, they thought that everything that Makino Technology had done was nothing more than setting up a navigation station. Chen Tong said that Makino Technology made the navigation station to control the web traffic of the entire network. This was a little too much of an overinterpretation of Makino Technology's actions. It was like interpreting Lu Xun's article in a language textbook. Often, an ellipsis would be analyzed over and over again. One moment, it was said that the ellipsis represented the author's mood, and the next moment, it was said that the ellipsis highlighted the author's criticism and satire of something at that time. Chen Tong was now just like a language teacher.

Secondly, they felt that Chen Tong was deliberately being alarmist. He must still be brooding over the company's insistence on doing UC, so he constantly promoted the threat of Makino Technology to make everyone believe his original statement. He wanted everyone to be afraid of Makino Technology and give up on trying UC.

Because Chen Tong had strongly opposed UC, at the moment, everyone labeled him as a hindrance. Whenever he mentioned issues related to Makino Technology, everyone would unconsciously refer to his original attitude when he opposed UC. This also made Chen Tong's image in the entire company's core level as a villain who only cared about his own territory and did not care about the company's overall development prospects.

Chen Tong was very stubborn. Even if he had made the core level a little averse to him, he still firmly warned, "Makino Technology must not have good intentions now that they are involved in the web traffic. The fact that we incorporated the former QQ technical team is already known to the world. Makino Technology will definitely not sit still and wait for death. Starting with the web traffic is very likely to be a big move by Makino Technology against Sina. If we don't pay attention to it, once they grasp the lifeline of the web traffic, we will be in danger!"

"Old Chen."

The COO frowned, and his voice was already not very friendly. He said coldly, "Can you stop meddling in UC's affairs?

Your current task is to build a good portal network and provide a strong traffic support for UC in the future. As for other things, you don't have to worry about it. Even if one day Makino Technology really wants to tamper with the web traffic, we don't have to be really afraid of him. After all, he doesn't have much of an advantage on the web side. "

Another vice president also nodded and said, "Old Chen, you are a little deified of Makino Technology now. Don't say that these are just your guesses. Even if you guessed correctly, you can't be so stubborn that Makino Technology will succeed in whatever he wants to do. Our Sina Web has been in business for so many years and has such a huge user base. Even if he makes a YY123 navigation station to deliberately block our traffic, we don't have to be afraid of him at all. The traffic contributed by navigation websites is not irreplaceable. What's more, YY123 is not the only navigation website. If YY123 doesn't have a Sina Web entrance, then a large number of our users will definitely choose other ways to log in to Sina Web. This is a reflection of our competitiveness in the portal field."

Chen Tong asked back, "What if Makino Technology also makes a portal?

What if he directs all the traffic from the navigation website into his own portal? "

The COO sighed and said, "Old Chen, it's pointless to keep arguing. According to what you said, all internet companies can't do what Makino Technology did. Otherwise, they will have to be wary of Makino Technology's revenge. We have to be wary of Makino Technology making a portal. If it's Shanda, they might have to be wary of Makino Technology making a game. If it's Jinshan Jinshan, I'm afraid they will have to be wary of Makino Technology making an anti-virus software. Do you really think Makino Technology is a god?"

Chen Tong insisted on his own point of view and asked, "Don't say that I'm arguing. Tell me, what if Makino Technology really wants to make a portal? What should we do?

They already have a celebrity product like YY, and their user stickiness is much higher than ours. Now that they've started to set up navigation stations and control the web traffic, when the time comes, YY and navigation will push their own portal website, how are we going to deal with them?

Sina's traffic will be controlled by both sides. Who will bear the responsibility? "

The COO was anxious. He slammed the table and said angrily, "If it's really like what you said, I will bear the responsibility. Are you satisfied now?

If you are, I beg you to focus your energy on the portal. As for the rest, don't think about it. It has nothing to do with you! "

The COO's sudden slamming of the table made Chen Tong's heart turn cold. He couldn't understand why everyone thought that he was holding them back by opposing UC.

He couldn't understand why no one realized how dangerous Makino Technology's current actions were to Sina.

Coming out of the conference room, Chen Tong was in a bad mood. He had an appointment with an alumnus of the National People's Congress. The two of them decided to have a drink after work to ease their messy mood.

This alumnus of the National People's Congress was the person who brought Liu Xiaodong and Chen Tong together. When he received Chen Tong's call to have a drink with him, he readily agreed. Then, he thought of Liu Xiaodong's request and asked him, "Should we call Xiaodong as well?

He's very respectful of you, his senior. "

Chen Tong thought of Liu Xiaodong and suddenly wanted to talk to him.

He and the friend between him and Liu Xiaodong were good friends who could talk about anything. However, Liu Xiaodong chose to pursue an official career after graduation and became a civil servant. They could talk about their lives, but they couldn't talk about their careers. However, Liu Xiaodong was indeed to Chen Tong's liking.

When Chen Tong first met Liu Xiaodong and heard about his junior brother, Liu Xiaodong, who could earn hundreds of thousands of yuan a year in the optical and magnetic business in Zhongguancun, he looked down on him from the bottom of his heart. A top graduate of the National People's Congress was indeed a little shameful for the National People's Congress to take root in Zhongguancun and do a small business with a group of profiteering businessmen.

However, the last time they met, when the three of them had a meal together, Liu Xiaodong actually took the initiative to talk about the Internet with Chen Tong. At that time, Chen Tong realized that Liu Xiaodong actually had a deep understanding of the Internet, and many of his views were slightly similar to his own. Last time, Liu Xiaodong said that he seemed to have transferred his shop and was working with others to build an e-commerce website. At present, it was still in the preparation stage before going online. At that time, the two of them took advantage of this topic to talk about e-commerce. Some of Liu Xiaodong's views even made Chen Tong unable to help but praise him. He thought that this junior brother was simply a rare genius in the field of e-commerce.

Chen Tong did not know that at this time, Liu Xiaodong's genes in the e-commerce industry were activated more than a year earlier than in his previous life. The person who activated his e-commerce genes was the founder of Makino Technology, Li Mu. At that time, Liu Xiaodong used many of his views to fool Chen Tong.