Chapter 455

From Chen Yueyue's words, Li Mu could tell that the root cause of the matter was that Chen Yueyue was jealous of the boy named Wei Tianyu.

Although Li Mu did not know the specific cause of the matter, Chen Yueyue was undoubtedly at fault for doing such an outrageous thing just because of jealousy.

Chen Yueyue was used to being arrogant and domineering, and her mentality was distorted. Not only would a distorted mentality lead to a lack of basic humanity, but Li Mu had heard a lot of similar things. There were male students who failed to pursue female students, so they killed or disfigured them. There were also female students who, out of jealousy, ganged up on female students and took all kinds of unbearable videos. There were even some students who, just to increase their chances of being admitted to a university, secretly changed their classmates' preferences, so that their classmates could not go to university. There were even anonymous fabricated evidence to report their classmates for cheating in the college entrance examination, completely ruining their classmates' future …

People like Chen Yueyue were typical representatives of Hua Xia's low-quality rich second generation. Just like the kidnapping and abuse case that happened in the United States before Li Mu's rebirth that shocked the world, it was a heinous thing done by a few rich second-generation students in Hua Xia who only cared about being domineering and disregarded the law.

In the past, whenever he saw such news on the Internet, as a spectator, Li Mu could not help but feel angry. Now that he saw it with his own eyes, this kind of anger was even stronger.

A scumbag like Chen Yueyue's behavior, if it happened in 2012, when the Internet was developed, would probably cause millions of people to spit on the Internet. Unfortunately, she was born in an era where scumbags were relatively lenient, and online violence had not yet taken shape.

However, Chen Yueyue did such a dirty thing, not only did she not feel guilty at all, but she also said words to Wang Xinran that made her even more disfigured. Her heart was distorted to the extreme.

Hearing Chen Yueyue take the initiative to admit that she had changed the score, Director Xu and Director Dan at the dining table could not sit still. They did not expect to meet a student whose score had been changed here. Moreover, in order to hit the other party to the greatest extent and at the same time show her ability, Chen Yueyue actually blurted out that she had changed the score in public. If this got out, they would be in big trouble.

Chen Yueyue was used to being arrogant. When she spoke, she only wanted to make herself feel good. She wanted to attack the other party to the greatest extent, so she didn't care about the consequences at all. On the other hand, Chief Xu and Chief Dan felt extremely guilty.

The two of them exchanged glances. Chief Physician Dan was clearly even more flustered than Chief Physician Xu. He whispered into Chief Physician Xu's ear, "How could it be such a coincidence to run into this examinee with the surname Lin while having a meal …"

Director Xu looked depressed. "I don't know either …"

Zhang Lan had purposely invited them to Fayue Restaurant for two reasons. Firstly, it was for the two of them to help their daughter get into the Film Academy. Secondly, it was to show off their capabilities in front of the two of them. After all, this was the best French restaurant in Yanjing. In the eyes of the rich in Yanjing, Fayue Restaurant was the best choice to treat people to a meal. It was high-end, classy, and most importantly, the taste was really good.

And Li Mu also came here today to comfort Lin Xinran. He wanted to bring her to eat something good. Because he had been to Fayue Restaurant once, and the boss, Li Tong, was a friend of Hui Ka Ming, he subconsciously chose to eat here.

Both of them came to eat at Fayue Restaurant because of school matters. It was just that one of them wanted to celebrate today's ranking, and the other wanted to comfort Sun Shan, who had failed today's ranking. Then, coincidentally, they ran into each other. They were really not prepared at all.

Lin Xinran also only now understood that the root cause of her not being accepted into the Film Academy was actually Wei Tianyu, who was even more annoying than a fly in her eyes. After knowing the truth, she gritted her teeth, and her face was full of resentment.

For Chen Yueyue, at this moment, when she saw Lin Xinran's resentful and painful expression, her heart was completely filled with a kind of pleasure of revenge.

In fact, she had not liked Wang Xinran for a long time. There were many reasons for this. The two of them met in a training class. There were seventy or eighty people in the class. Wang Xinran was the most beautiful one, and also the one who did the best in the professional courses. She was often praised by the teachers here and there, which itself made Chen Yueyue very unhappy. More importantly, Chen Yueyue had a crush on a boy in the class, who had been madly pursuing Wang Xinran. This was the real cause of this matter.

That boy was Wei Tianyu, her high school classmate and also the son of Chen Yueyue's father's friend. They had known each other for five or six years, and Chen Yueyue had always been in love with him. Even Chen Yueyue's parents knew about this. Zhang Lan even encouraged Chen Yueyue to pursue Wei Tianyu, because Wei Tianyu was very good in all aspects. Not only was he good-looking, but he also had a tall and straight figure. Most importantly, his family was not any worse than theirs. If his daughter could be with him, naturally, Zhang Lan would naturally be very happy.

However, in Wei Tianyu's eyes, Chen Yueyue's condition was very ordinary. Not only was her family a little worse, but the key thing was that she was too ordinary. Wei Tianyu simply did not like her at all. Therefore, he had always tactfully rejected Chen Yueyue and had a rather respectful attitude towards her.

Although she was always rejected, Chen Yueyue did not have the slightest intention of backing down. In fact, the main reason why she wanted to enter the Film Academy was because of Wei Tianyu. When Wei Tianyu first entered the training class, she followed him and signed up. She had originally thought that by spending time with him, she could continue to attack him. Unexpectedly, as soon as Wei Tianyu arrived at the training class, he fell in love with Wang Xinran at first sight, and even began to pursue her madly.

Although Wang Xinran had always been ignoring Wei Tianyu's pursuit, he put on an attitude of fighting a protracted war. Anyway, Wang Xinran performed very well in her professional courses, and even the teacher of the training class said that she would definitely be able to enter the Film Academy. Wei Tianyu's family had already helped him clear the way, so he would definitely be able to enter even if he scored zero in the art examination. Therefore, in Wei Tianyu's opinion, in the future, they would be classmates in the Film Academy in the future. There would be plenty of opportunities in the four years, so he could definitely calm down and slowly pursue Wang Xinran.

This completely infuriated Chen Yueyue. Her family also helped her clear the way, so entering the Film Academy was like playing a game. But to her, the last thing she wanted was to see Wang Xinran and herself and Wei Tianyu get into the Film Academy together. Therefore, she schemed to get rid of Wang Xinran, who was a potential threat in the future. Her professional level in acting was very poor, so if she wanted to enter the Film Academy, she would need to rely on her family's help. Therefore, she simply asked her mother to help her get rid of Chen Ruoran.

Zhang Lan had always been very supportive and hoped that her daughter could be with Wei Tianyu. When she heard that there was such a threat between the two of them, Zhang Lan was quite displeased. In her opinion, if Wang Xinran also got into the Film Academy, not only would it affect her daughter's marriage, but most importantly, with her around, her daughter wouldn't be able to be in a good mood for the four years of university. Therefore, no matter what, she had to get rid of this girl from the Film Academy.

The art examination was not like the college entrance exam. Whether it was marking or releasing the scores, the entire process was decided by the Film Academy, so there was a lot of room for maneuvering. Before the scores were announced, Chen Yueyue already knew that Wang Xinran's professional course scores were very high. She was in the top ten of this year's candidates. In order to take revenge on Wang Xinran, Chen Yueyue deliberately asked her mother to use her connections to push Wang Xinran's score to the first place on the list of failed candidates. She was only half a point away from the admission line, just to make her break down.

In this way, not only would she be able to vent her hatred, but more importantly, for the next four years, she would be able to continue to protect the boy she was in love with. Even if she couldn't get him, she would not allow any possibility of him and Wang Xinran getting together.

The arrogant Chen Yueyue didn't forget to continue to attack Lin Xinran. "Don't you want to get into the Film Academy and become an actress the most?

Let me tell you, you'll never be able to get into the Film Academy. And in the future, you'd better not choose a university in Yanjing. Get as far away from here as you can. If I find out that you have anything to do with Wei Tianyu, I'll make you wish you were dead! "

Li Mu was completely infuriated by this arrogant Chen Yueyue. He thought to himself that no matter how big today's matter was, he would have to fight the mother and daughter to the end. At this moment, if it wasn't for Su Yingxue holding onto Li Mu's hand tightly, Li Mu would have beaten the mother and daughter up on the spot. Then, if the police should intervene and the TV station should expose them, he would be too lazy to care about it.

Before today, Li Mu might have taken into account his own situation, 3321, Makino Technology, and the hidden talents of Yanjing. However, when he was sure that in the end, he wasn't the Li Mu who took the bus back to Tangjialing with a backpack, but the Li Mu who drove a Benz G55 to have dinner with his girlfriend Su Yingxue, he realized that he should change his way of living. If he had to be afraid even to vent his anger, he might as well go back to being a poor coder!

Then, Li Mu said to Chen Yueyue with a black face, "I advise you to think before you speak. If you don't have a brain, then shut your mouth first."

As he said this, Li Mu pointed at Zhang Lan, as well as Director Xu and Director Dan who were sitting there nervously. He said, "And the three of you, let's settle the matter of changing the grades first."

Hearing that Li Mu wanted to settle the matter of changing the grades, Director Xu hurriedly said awkwardly, "Student, you may have misunderstood. Chen Yueyue was just saying it casually. There is no such thing as changing the grades …"

Li Mu said, "You don't have to play dumb with me. I'll only give you 24 hours to change it back to how you changed it. Remember, you only have 24 hours. Otherwise, you'll have to bear the consequences."

Chen Yueyue stomped her feet and shouted, "Who do you think you are?

Do you think we can change it just because you say so?

Let me tell you, as long as I, Chen Yueyue, am here, Wang Xinran can forget about entering the Film Academy! "