Chapter 415

Ma Weiwei is going crazy with anger.

Since she got her first program in the station, this is the first time she has felt this powerless again.

Originally, it seemed that everything was under her control, including her own program, including Zhan Yun, and most of the hosts and program directors in the station, basically all had to follow her heart, not to mention the intern host Chen Wan, who just graduated this year. She was so young, so weak, so weak that she could not even appear on the screen once with just one word from her.

However, who would have thought that it was the most inconspicuous and weak Chen Wan who burst out with such a powerful energy all of a sudden. Let alone suppressing her, even if she wanted to avoid her light at the moment, it was impossible.

Even the leader of the station couldn't put pressure on Xiangnan Satellite TV, which was enough to see that the other party didn't put them in their eyes at all, and also showed the importance that the other party attached to Chen Wan. That's all. But the damn thing is that there are so many fans on the Internet who are eagerly looking forward to her appearance on the screen. What does she have?

Isn't she just a little younger and a little more beautiful?

What did she host?

What else does she have besides a cameo appearance in a micro movie?

She hasn't even been on the stage once. How did she gain so much?

She has worked so hard for so many years, sacrificed her body and freedom of love for so many years, but was easily crushed by her. It's really unfair!

However, while Ma Weiwei was angry, she also knew that she was powerless to change the status quo. Want to stop Chen Wan from going to Xiangnan Satellite TV?

How could she have that ability? Even the station didn't have that ability. A sense of frustration suddenly swept her heart, making Ma Weiwei feel breathless.

The most terrible thing was that this incident has brought a very serious negative impact on herself. There was a lot of criticism in the station, a lot of scolding on the Internet, and even the ratings have plummeted so much. If Chen Wan successfully landed on "Happy Camp", she will definitely be shrouded in this shadow for a long time. As long as Chen Wan still has a high popularity, there will definitely be people who will attack her because she has suppressed Chen Wan. If this goes on, she is afraid that her position in the station will not be guaranteed.

The leader was slapped in the face by Chen Wan's counterattack. He wanted to show his pressure and tried to block Chen Wan, but he was rejected by Xiangnan Satellite TV. It was the time when he had no place to vent his anger. It won't be long before their anger has nowhere to go, and it will definitely burn on him. At that time, the pressure on him will be even greater than that of Ma Weiwei.

And at present, Zhan Yun has no way to affect Chen Wan's next development. The only thing he can do is to drag Chen Wan for a month and not give her the resignation formalities, which can also temporarily delay Chen Wan's entry to Xiangnan Satellite TV. (To be continued ~ ^ ~)

Although it was useless, it could still cause some trouble for Chen Wan. This was the only thing he could do to Chen Wan.

Sure enough, Chen Wan contacted HR Zhao Hezheng, hoping that the other party could complete the resignation formalities for her as soon as possible. After consulting with Zhan Yun, Zhao Hezheng replied to Chen Wan, saying that Zhan Yun requested to postpone the resignation formalities for Chen Wan for a whole month according to the date of Chen Wan's resignation last time.

Although this is clearly to disgust people, from the point of view of the matter itself, it is also in line with the contract. Only after a month, Chen Wan can apply to the Labor Department for arbitration. Chen Wan also knows that this is deliberately making things difficult for her and wants to give her a little time at the last moment, so she didn't try to fight for it. One month is one month, anyway, it's only more than 20 days.

… ….

After Li Mu finished recording the song, Song Liang followed him to Yanjing.

Ever since the day he went to Shunyi with Chen Ze to choose a location for the race track and talked about real estate on the way back, Li Mu contacted Song Liang and told him the general situation, asking him to make time to come to Yanjing.

Song Liang didn't expect that Li Mu would actually want him to go to Yanjing to do real estate. When he first heard about it, he wasn't very interested, mainly because he felt that he couldn't play in the deep waters of Yanjing. However, when he thought about working with Li Mu, he felt a little more confident. Li Mu was very steady when doing things, so he wouldn't fight a battle that he wasn't confident in. When he heard Li Mu mention Chen Ze, he felt that this matter was more promising.

Song Liang knew very well that real estate didn't have any technical content. To do well in this field, one only needed to have four aspects: connections, funds, foresight, and experience.

Connections were used to clear the various stages from obtaining land, getting loans, to planning, construction, and sales.

Funds were the foundation of everything. Connections needed to be driven by funds, and the progress of the project also needed to be driven by funds. It was also used to prevent the bank from taking drastic measures.

Foresight determined the future of real estate projects. The same investment, whether it was double or a hundred times, most of it still depended on foresight.

As for experience, it was equally important in real estate development. Not only must experience drive the normal progress of the project, but also experience to deal with the government, to deal with the relocated households, and to deal with the complicated relationship.

If he wanted to start a real estate business in Yanjing, Song Liang thought that he had enough experience and sufficient funds. As long as he didn't operate a big project, it wouldn't be a big problem. There should be no big problem with foresight. The biggest problem was connections.

Song Liang also felt that if Li Mu was involved, then the funds could be supplemented to a certain extent. Li Mu had a unique vision for doing business, so he could also play a great role in the vision issue.

In this case, funds, foresight, and experience were all there, and they were all enough.

The rest was connections.

This was also the greatest value of the Chen Ze mentioned by Li Mu. His father was a senior official of the ministry, and his mother was the boss of a listed company. Such a person must have considerable connections in Yanjing. If he could bring his connections in, then these four points would be complete, and the possibility of success would be greatly increased.

Therefore, Song Liang flew to Yanjing to meet Li Mu.

Li Mu personally drove to the airport to pick him up. On the way back to the city from the airport, Li Mu roughly told Song Liang about his idea.

Li Mu's idea was very simple. Song Liang would come over and set up a company. He and Chen Ze would both invest in it. Chen Ze would provide his connections, and Song Liang would operate it. This year, they would develop one or two residential buildings as the goal. Next year, they would start to operate commercial real estate.

Song Liang said, "I'm quite experienced in residential real estate, but I'm not very familiar with commercial real estate. When I worked with Tianming's father, the commercial real estate model was still very simple. It was nothing more than department stores and shopping malls. There was nothing new. Although I don't know how you plan commercial real estate, based on my understanding of you, you definitely don't like this model."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The commercial real estate model you mentioned is too common. Get a piece of land, build a shopping mall, and plan to sell different kinds of goods on each floor. Although this can also make money, it's too boring."

As he spoke, Li Mu paused and said, "The commercial real estate model I want to do mainly has two points. One is consumption integration, and the other is a landmark."

"Consumption integration means diversification of functions, not only shopping, but also catering and entertainment, and even high-end supporting office buildings. Take Wangfujing for example. The department store is very famous, and the snack street is also very famous. There are also cinemas, KTVs, hotels, and office buildings next to it. So Wangfujing is a consumption-integrated complex. But the problem is that each section is independent. If a developer unified planning, unified development, unified investment, unified management, and unified operation, then the energy they can release together will be more powerful. This is the consumption integration I want."

"As for the landmark, it's easy to understand. It's like every city has its most famous place. Speaking of Jinling, you will think of Confucius Temple, Qinhuai River, and so on. Speaking of Yan Jing, you will think of Wangfujing and Xidan. If we achieve consumption integration in commercial real estate, the rest is to promote this concept in the minds of the people in this city. Whenever they think of consumption, they will think of this place. They will regard this place as the first choice for shopping, entertainment, catering, and other consumer entertainment. They will regard consumption here as a kind of fashion. At that time, this project will become the landmark of this city."

After listening to Li Mu's introduction, Song Liang sighed softly and said, "This kind of project is quite large. Are you sure?"

Li Mu said, "I am sure that I can make money after doing it well. As for how to do it well, it's up to you. After all, I know nothing about the specific operation of real estate. I don't even know how you cooperate with the bank."

Song Liang said, "The cooperation with the bank is very simple. It's mutually beneficial. The bank also has revenue pressure. Now the real estate market is relatively hot, and they are very willing to invest money in real estate projects. Generally, the developer will mortgage the land to the bank, and then the bank will give the developer a loan. The developer will get the money to start the development. After the building is built and sold, the bank will fill in the loan."

Li Mu asked him, "How many times is the leverage in this?

If it's a real estate project with a total investment of one billion, how much does the developer need to pay? "

Song Liang said, "Generally, it's between 10% and 20%. It's mainly used to get the land. After all, the bank will give you money if you have the land."

As he said this, Song Liang added, "If you have a good relationship with the government, you can owe the land transfer fee first, and then use the land to get money from the bank. The bank will approve the money when they see the land, so that you have the initial funds. This is basically a white wolf without spending a penny. You can directly use the bank's money to start the construction. And as long as the building is built, before the roof is capped, you can use the building as a mortgage and get a sum of money from the bank as follow-up funds. Generally speaking, this money can support the opening of the market."