Chapter 745

Li Mu was very shrewd.

He wanted to take advantage of the Taobao website's big news and the Central Television's interview with him to promote the greatness of the Internet in front of the people of the country. Not only did he want to promote the development of the Internet, but he also wanted to use himself as a real example to completely change society's view of the Internet.

In the past few years, most people who did not come into contact with the Internet felt that the Internet was not a good thing. It had games to make people addicted, sex and violence to make people make mistakes, especially the parents of students. When they saw their children pick up the mouse, they would probably be nervous and want to completely kick the mouse out of the earth. Under such a social background, the number of netizens did not grow fast enough, the number of computers did not grow fast enough, and the number of people in the Internet industry did not grow fast enough. It was difficult for the domestic Internet to grow fast enough.

If everyone was afraid of computers and the Internet, then how could anyone become the next him?

However, if he used his own example to make the whole society, especially the parents of students, realize that computers and the Internet were not as scary as they thought they were, and that they could cultivate a 20-year-old billionaire and a promising young man who had the opportunity to promote the country's economic situation, then the basic environment of the Internet in the country would definitely be greatly improved.

Although 3321 had been exposed long ago, 3321's original intention was not to make a profit. Therefore, people in society did not know how significant it was, and they did not necessarily recognize its significance of not making a profit. But what did Makino Technology represent?

What did Taobao website represent?

Which of these two companies was not valued in the tens of figures?

A 20-year-old young man made a software and a website with a combined value of more than 10 billion yuan. The impact on the whole society was probably far more shocking than Taobao's daily sales of 2.683 billion yuan.

Li Mu could even imagine that if he released a signal like "the Internet made me" during the interview with Central Television, then the country would definitely usher in a peak of home computer purchases!

Those parents who changed their views and wanted their children to be successful might think of buying a computer for their children. Those college students or young people who had just graduated from college might also be enthusiastic about the Internet and buy a personal computer. Those companies that had little to do with the Internet would probably pay more attention to understanding and mastering the Internet. This series of events would eventually correspond to the peak of home computer sales.

Li Mu firmly believed that as long as he did a good job in this interview, he would be able to greatly promote the popularity of home computers and become a super promoter of the Internet industry. At that time, all the domestic computer manufacturers would probably benefit from it. In that case, why not find a partner in advance and enjoy the benefits he created?

There were many companies that Li Mu could look for to cooperate with in this aspect. There were Hewlett-Packard, Dell, and IBM overseas, and Lenovo, Founder, and Tongfang domestically. There were two reasons why Li Mu was leaning towards Shenzhou.

First, the domestic computer manufacturers were huge. If he wanted to infiltrate them, it would be very difficult. Moreover, Li Mu did not like bureaucrats or businessmen. It would be more tiring to deal with them.

Secondly, Shenzhou had been a disruptor from the day it was born. Even if its quality, workmanship, and after-sales were criticized, it was undeniable that it had played a very important role in accelerating the price of home computers and promoting the popularity of home computers. With it working so hard, the other big manufacturers had no choice but to lower their profits in exchange for market share. This was Shenzhou's indelible contribution to the Internet industry in Hua Xia. Li Mu not only felt that he had a spiritual affinity with Shenzhou, but he also had a certain level of personal feelings for this brand.

Combining these two points, Li Mu wanted to gain a little personal benefit for himself before greatly promoting the development of the Internet. It was definitely the best choice to pull Shenzhou to his side in advance.

Shenzhou Computer Company's parent company was Shenzhen's New World Group. The head of New World Group was called Wu Haijun. He was currently 36 years old, which was the best age for his career. In Shenzhen, the bridgehead for reform, he was like a fish in water, full of drive.

Wu Haijun had always had great hope and enthusiasm for the computer industry. He used his own unique management methods and cost control methods to become an absolute oddity in the PC industry. He was an oddity that was hated by his peers.

Before the appearance of the Divine Boat, a PC that cost three thousand yuan was sold for more than six thousand yuan in the market. Furthermore, in a situation where the market was not transparent, the established PC companies maintained a tacit understanding with each other. No one started a price war, and they quietly made a fortune.

Precisely because the price was not transparent, for a long time, the people of Hua Xia felt that a PC was a standard luxury. In this era where the average monthly salary was less than 1,000 yuan, a branded PC would cost half a year's salary to buy. Although the price of a PC was relatively low, it required the consumer to have a good hardware knowledge. Otherwise, they would really be screwed over.

Shenzhou had been involved in the manufacturing of computers since last year. This year, they had dared to bring out the 4888 yuan P4 computer to conquer the world. In the past, even commoners would not have dared to imagine that 4888 yuan would be enough to buy a home computer with superior performance. This had directly lowered the price of a PC from the high of six to seven thousand yuan to less than five thousand yuan. This had a huge impact on the price of computer hardware and the popularity of computers.

Shenzhou's way of doing things was relatively in line with Li Mu's values. In order to break out of the market, Shenzhou had almost destroyed the low price of a PC. In order to promote the development of MP3 hardware and MP3 search and download, Li Mu found someone to design and manufacture the Mango-ME. He did not earn a single cent from it. He used the cost price of the MP3 hardware to smash the floor!

What Li Mu wanted to do was to promote the rapid development of an industry. It did not matter if he did not earn money. Hence, he was much more ruthless than Shenzhou. He did not care about the lives of other manufacturers and directly sold the MP3 at cost price. Everyone would not be able to catch up to him even if they worked themselves to death.

Hence, the current situation in the domestic MP3 market was that as long as Mango-ME had the goods, other companies would not be able to sell their MP3 players. Although they were also trying their best to reduce the price, the price was limited by the cost of the distribution channels. There was no way they could lower the price to the level of Mango-ME. Against this background, the number of MP3 hardware in the country had increased greatly. The number of MP3 search and download had been increasing non-stop. As the biggest beneficiary, Easy Listening Network's value was now incomparable to before.

However, Shenzhou was, after all, a private company that wanted to make money and break out of the many PC manufacturers. His original intention was not to promote the development of the industry. However, his method of reducing profits to fight a price war had a very positive effect on the industry.

Li Mu felt that Shenzhou had a certain degree of compatibility with him. If Shenzhou was willing to cooperate with him, he would use his Taobao network's direct sales channel to help the Shenzhou computer further reduce the cost and terminal selling price. Then, he would use YY's marketing coverage to promote the low-cost and cost-effective Shenzhou computer. This way, the sales of the Shenzhou computer would increase greatly. Once the sales of the Shenzhou computer increased greatly, the cost of purchasing the hardware would also be reduced. The cost of the entire machine would be further reduced.

However, Li Mu was thinking bigger. His real goal was not as simple as taking a cut from the sales of Shenzhou. He wanted to seize the opportunity and use the distribution channels and marketing resources to exchange for shares of Shenzhou. He did not want to be the controlling shareholder of Shenzhou, but he wanted at least 20-30% of the shares.

…

Shenzhen City …

Wu Haijun was holding a summary meeting.

This time, he was very dissatisfied with the Taobao Brand Day. It was such a good opportunity. The Shenzhou computer had gritted his teeth and reduced the price by 200 yuan from the 4,888 yuan base price. He had even paid for the transportation of more than 100 yuan. In the end, only a few thousand units were sold.

Wu Haijun was acutely aware of the significance of the Taobao e-commerce website to the PC sales. He felt that the two could be combined. He even believed that if it was done properly, the Shenzhou computer might be able to be like the Smart Da recorder and sell hundreds of thousands of units in one go.

Therefore, Wu Haijun requested to set up a new department in the meeting: Taobao Online Sales Department. The name was a little old-fashioned, but the meaning was clear. This department would be responsible for online sales on Taobao's platform in the future.

Wu Haijun led everyone to analyze the reasons for the low sales. One was that the price discount was not big enough. The other was that the users were not at ease with the transportation of the computers.

Based on these two key points, Wu Haijun clearly understood that there was almost no room to reduce the price. If they continued, there would be no profits. Businessmen were profit-driven. They would not do anything that would not bring them profits. Therefore, from the looks of it, only the second problem was relatively easy to solve.

Wu Haijun specially requested the purchasing and packaging quality control departments to design and purchase a new type of enhanced packaging to increase the safety of the entire computer during the transportation process. At the same time, he wanted to upload the detailed pictures of the packaging to the Taobao website. This would let the users realize that the packaging of the Shenzhou computer could withstand the test of transportation. At the same time, Wu Haijun stood his ground and clearly stated the principle of compensating for any damage to the goods. This would further reduce the users' worries.

After the meeting, Wu Haijun was still thinking on the way back to his office. Now that the Taobao website had become popular, the Internet would probably follow suit. When the Internet became popular, the demand for PCs would definitely increase. He had to think of a way to seize this opportunity to increase the sales of the Shenzhou computer.

As he was thinking, the secretary ran over and stood in front of him. Panting, he said, "Director Wu, the CEO of the Taobao website, Liu Xiaodong, just called. He said that the founder of the Taobao website, Mr. Lee, wants to talk to you in person."

The secretary did not know who "Mr. Lee" was referring to, but Wu Haijun knew very well that this "Mr. Lee" was referring to Li Mu. Not only was he the founder of the Taobao website, but he was also the founder of Makino Technology and Alipay. This young man was practically the true god of the Internet industry.

Once he heard that he wanted to meet him, Wu Haijun was extremely surprised. He subconsciously asked, "When?

Where? "

"Yanjing. He said the sooner the better."

Wu Haijun did not even think about it. He blurted out, "Hurry!

Book me the earliest ticket! "