Chapter 721

When Wei Lan kept refusing to answer Song Zhilei's wife's calls, Wang Runqing, who was in the VIP lounge, was very relaxed. However, Xiao Chenfeng, who was in front of him, was so angry that his face turned green. He was about to go berserk.

Xiao Chenfeng's face still had a bruise caused by Wei Lan's bag yesterday. Only Wang Runqing knew that it was caused by Wei Lan.

Seeing that Xiao Chenfeng was so angry that he smoked a few cigarettes, Wang Runqing was very happy. However, he comforted him, "Chenfeng, it's just a woman, and a f * cking b * tch at that. Why are you so angry?"

"F * ck her!"

Xiao Chenfeng scolded angrily, "The most infuriating thing is that since she is a b * tch, why did she let Li Mu f * ck her and not me?

I didn't just f * cking promise her 800 million yesterday. I promised to save the entire Juncheng Real Estate and her father. Even then, she wasn't moved at all. In the end, when Li Mu asked for 800 million, she spread her legs?!

How am I worse than her f * cking Li Mu? "

Wang Runqing liked to see Xiao Chenfeng's angry look when he was defeated. He also knew how to make it seem like he was persuading him, but in fact, it would make him even angrier.

Wang Runqing sighed softly and said, "You, don't make things difficult for yourself. Maybe that b * tch Wei Lan likes young men like Li Mu."

"F * ck!" Xiao Chenfeng scolded angrily, "Li Mu is so old. It's hard to say whether he can get hard or not!"

Wang Runqing laughed and said, "Actually, in my opinion, it's not that you are inferior to Li Mu in Wei Lan's eyes. The key is that Wei Lan is very smart. She knows that you are playing with her. So, no matter how good your conditions are, she will not believe you."

Xiao Chenfeng gritted his teeth and said, "My f * cking words were very sincere yesterday. Even my f * cking mother thought that I was really going to help her."

"It's useless."

Wang Runqing waved his hand and said, "Can you sign a contract with her and promise to buy her shares at a price of several billion?"

Xiao Chenfeng did not say anything. He knew in his heart that it was impossible for him to help Wei Lan. It was fine for him to play around while she needed his help.

Thinking of this, Xiao Chenfeng said resentfully, "This Li Mu is really willing to spend eight hundred million to pay Weilan for three years. Could it be that Weilan is so valuable because it is gilded?"

Wang Runqing smiled. "I'm married, and I can't afford to offend my father-in-law. Otherwise, I would be willing to spend 800 million to play with Weilan for three years. You should know in your heart that a woman like Weilan is practically a man's fantasy. Li Mu doesn't lack money, so why not?

I can only say that Li Mu lives with clarity and brightness. "

When Xiao Chenfeng heard this, he felt upset in his heart. Wang Runqing, what do you mean by this?

It's fine if you want to laugh at me, but you still want to ridicule me?

Li Mu spends 800 million to pick up girls because he lives with clarity and brightness. Are you saying that I don't live with clarity and brightness and am unwilling to spend money to pick up girls?

Just as Xiao Chenfeng was feeling annoyed, Wang Runqing smacked his lips and said, "This Weilan is also interesting. She wants to be a chastity after being a whore. It's fine if she sells her body for 800 million, but she also knows how to act decent. She got 800 million by selling her shares.

Think about it, she must be thinking like this: I can sleep with you, Li Mu, for three years, but I can't ask for your money directly. Otherwise, how will the people outside look at me?

How about this, you buy out my shares!

Li Mu must also be thinking: I'm an outstanding young entrepreneur after all. Spending 800 million to sleep with a woman who is six or seven years older than me will affect my reputation greatly. But if I buy her shares, it will be perfectly justifiable!

The two of them can do it in one shot. This adulterous couple is f * cking amazing! "

Speaking up to this point, Wang Runqing slapped his thighs and laughed non-stop. He laughed so hard that tears almost came out. Xiao Chenfeng was extremely annoyed. He was not a fool and naturally knew why Wang Runqing was so pleased. First, he felt that Li Mu would not save Juncheng Real Estate. He only did it for Weilan's people, so Juncheng Real Estate had already been declared a death sentence. He was just waiting for the day of the execution to come. Secondly, he was watching him make a fool of himself. Although the two of them had a good relationship, it was all fake. Their companies were about the same size, and they were about the same age. They were both trying to compete with each other in various fields. Therefore, when he saw himself making such a big fool of himself and getting slapped in the face by Weilan's actions, he must be extremely happy.

Looking at Wang Runqing laughing non-stop, Xiao Chenfeng snorted and reminded him, "Don't be too happy too early. Be careful. If Li Mu really wants to save Juncheng Real Estate, you will be in big trouble then."

When Wang Runqing heard this, he knew that Xiao Chenfeng was being sarcastic. He laughed and said, "Don't think that Li Mu is really that amazing. I understand his situation. His net worth is quite high, but he doesn't have much money on hand. Be it his Makino Technology or Taobao Network, they are all just concepts. But if you really look at the company's turnover, he is not even as good as a larger real estate company like Lanke Real Estate!

If he wants to save Juncheng Real Estate, fame alone is useless. He has to take out money, real money. 3 billion. It's not that I'm looking down on him, but unless he sells his company or shares for Weilan, there is nothing he can do!

What's more, Li Mu was able to make such a big impact in such a short period of time. How many investors have been chasing after him, but he rejected them all. Do you think he would be so stupid as to sell his shares for Weilan? "

Xiao Chenfeng nodded his head resentfully. What Wang Runqing said was right. Anyone with normal thinking would know that Makino Technology did not want to invest in Series C because Li Mu did not want to dilute his shares. How could such a smart person kill the goose that laid golden eggs for Weilan?

However, Xiao Chenfeng still muttered, "In any case, I advise you to be more cautious. Li Mu is very strange. Who knows, he might really find a way to save Juncheng Real Estate."

Wang Runqing saw through Xiao Chenfeng's thoughts with one look. You are a man, why are you being so sour with me?

Do you think that Li Mu can save Juncheng Real Estate just because he wants to?

Do you think I am a decoration?

Are you looking down on me?

Thinking of this, Wang Runqing snorted coldly and said, "Li Mu is quite amazing, but he can't cover everything. Let's not talk about him. I will say it here today. As long as I, Wang Runqing, am around, no one can save Juncheng Real Estate!"

After saying that, Wang Runqing lit a cigarette and took a puff before adding, "I am just that confident!"

Xiao Chenfeng was frustrated. He waved his hand and said, "Fine, fine, fine. You are amazing, okay?"

Wang Runqing nodded his head in satisfaction and said with a smile, "Alright, don't be too depressed. It's just a woman!

When you are free, go to Shanghai. I will find a few foreign girls for you to have some fun with. I guarantee that no one will hit you with a bag! "

Xiao Chenfeng was frustrated when he heard this and lost all interest. He waved his hand and said, "You can keep it for yourself!"

…

The series of news of Wanying Real Estate's acquisition of 80% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares became more and more heated in the industry. Song Zhilei was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan.

His wife called Wei Lan more than ten times, but none of them went through. Wei Lan either directly hung up or did not pick up. She almost turned off her phone.

Song Zhilei, who was getting more and more anxious, used his wife's phone and sent a message to Wei Lan: "Lanlan, it's your Sister Li. Zhilei was too impulsive just now. Don't lower yourself to his level. You know our family's situation. Not only do we still have to pay for our house, but our three children still have to go to school. Zhilei's parents are not in good health and need money everywhere. He is really at his wit's end. Please help us out on account of how he has worked so hard for the Wei family for so many years …"

After the message was sent, Song Zhilei stared at the phone intently, waiting for Wei Lan to reply.

Wei Lan received the message and handed the phone to Li Mu. She said, "It seems like he really can't sit still."

Li Mu nodded. After reading the message, he said with a smile, "It would be strange if he could sit still."

After that, Li Mu typed a few words on the keyboard with his fingertips and said, "I'll reply to her first."

Wei Lan nodded slightly and came over to take a look. She saw Li Mu typing a line of words in the reply: "Sorry, Sister Li, I can't do anything."

An apology and an apology were enough in Li Mu's view. There was no need to say anything related to the matter itself. If he said too much, it would be easy to make people suspicious.

After clicking send, Li Mu handed the phone back to Wei Lan and said, "I guess she will call you again soon. This time, you answer it. No matter how she complains or how she begs you, you just say sorry and that you can't help. You don't need to say anything else. If Song Zhilei personally apologizes to you and uses the child to gain sympathy, then you can let go."

Wei Lan asked, "When the time comes, I'll say that I'm helping him to ask for your opinion?"

Li Mu nodded. "If it comes to that, I will take the initiative to intervene."

At this moment, Song Zhilei saw Wei Lan's reply and immediately caught a trace of hope. The most terrifying thing was no response. As long as there was a response, it didn't matter even if the other party cursed at him!

Thus, he immediately handed the phone to his wife. "Quick, call Wei Lan!"

"What should I say?"

Song Zhilei said, "Apologize, plead, and ask her to help intercede with Li Mu. Tell him that I'm willing to sell my shares at a low price."

A moment later, Wei Lan's phone vibrated again. She took a look and saw that it was indeed Song Zhilei's wife.

Li Mu reminded her, "Pick up after it rings five times."

Wei Lan nodded and waited for the phone to vibrate five times before she picked up. On the other end of the phone, every time the phone rang, it made Song Zhilei and his wife feel even more tormented.

"Hello, Sister Li."

As soon as Song Zhilei's wife heard Wei Lan's voice, she immediately said happily, "Lanlan, you finally picked up the phone. Sister Li apologizes to you. I'm sorry. Zhilei has a bad mouth and speaks without thinking. He also regrets it. He slapped himself several times. Please don't take it to heart."

"Okay, I got it."

Through the speaker, Song Zhilei felt that Wei Lan on the other end of the phone was very perfunctory. His heart skipped a beat, and he hurriedly mouthed to his wife, "Plead, complain, child!"

After his wife got these three keywords, she immediately said to Wei Lan, "Lanlan, our two families have been doing things together for many years. Not only do we have so many years of feelings, but you also know my family's situation. When we were doing those three real estate projects, Zhilei also invested all his money and life into it. Our family also has old people and young people. The expenses of the three children's future life and school are also very large. If we really lose everything, our family will be finished. For the sake of these, you can't just stand by and watch …"

Wei Lan said, "Sister Li, I really can't do anything about this matter."

Song Zhilei couldn't sit still and blurted out, "Wei Lan, Aunt Wei!

I was wrong, it was my fault. You are a great man and don't hold a grudge against me. Now that you've left me here alone, I can only die!

Please help me and tell Li Zong that I'm willing to transfer my shares to him at a low price. Let him be a good man until the end. I beg you, I'll kowtow to you! "