Chapter 1745

In the future, if Muye cars can have the advantage of intelligent systems, navigation, and maps, the competitiveness of Muye cars will increase significantly, and it will be hard for their competitors to catch up.

BMW, Audi, Benz, Toyota, Honda, and General Motors will not be able to develop their own intelligent systems even if they had 10 years to do so.

With their current capabilities, they can only produce a semi-intelligent human-computer interaction system. It will not be able to reach the standards of a real intelligent system.

For example, it is like the old Nokia blue screen phone. Compared to Android or Apple phones, the former is too weak!

The old Nokia phones do not have the ability to expand their operating system, and they can barely make use of their hardware. Android is a powerful intelligent system, and the developers can use it to their fullest potential.

Currently, the automobile companies' AI systems are like the mobile phone market before 2000. Everyone does not have the capability to produce smartphones, and no one is willing to do so. If it is not for the likes of Apple, Google, and Microsoft entering the market, the automobile companies can continue to develop.

Even if there is a Nokia, the most it can do is to create a Symbian system with a congenital disability. Whether it is Europe's Nokia, Ximen, Ericsson, or Japan and Korea's Sony, Panasonic, Samsung, and LG, none of them have the ability to develop Android, IOS, or even Windows.

mobile。

It was the same for the automobile industry. Toyota's profits were so high, why not let them develop their own Android?

Now, Android and IOS are in Li Mu's hands, and his only enemy is Microsoft. This is because only Microsoft has the capability to introduce a mobile operating system in the market. But based on Microsoft's previous life, they will also fail in this life.

Other than Microsoft, Li Mu is not worried about the other companies.

Also, this will become Muye's core competitive advantage.

Li Mu had always felt that in every industry and every company, in the end, it was all about the ability to control the pain points of the users.

BMW grasped control, Benz grasped luxury, Audi grasped balance, and Volvo grasped safety. But in the end, they failed.

Li Mu analyzed the characteristics of Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo. Based on his shallow understanding, he felt that these three brands would not be able to compete with BMW in terms of handling. However, with his advanced understanding of luxury cars in the future, they should be able to surpass Benz in terms of luxury. As for Audi's balance, he would have to rely on other scattered advantages to improve it.

Although Audi had always been overshadowed by Benz and BMW, its sales had never been worse than those two brands. In fact, it had been leading the BBA troika for a long time.

The reason was that although Audi didn't do very well in all aspects, it did well in all aspects.

Although it was not as luxurious as the Benz, it was still better than the BMW. The interior of the BMW had never changed. It was always rough and plastic. It was obviously inferior to the Audi.

Although its handling was not as good as the BMW, it was not much worse than the BMW or the Benz.

In addition, Audi's headlights had always been very bright. That was why it was called the Light Factory. It was easy to tell which car was an Audi on the street at night. If you followed behind an Audi, you would be blinded by the Audi's taillights and brake lights. Therefore, experienced drivers would avoid following behind Audi when they were approaching the red light waiting area. If an idiot tried to squeeze in at that time, the experienced drivers would very kindly give up their position and let someone else take their place to enjoy the excitement of the Audi's taillights.

Audi's MMI system was also very good. At least, it was not worse than the BMW and Benz. In fact, it was more practical and technologically advanced than the two brands.

The LCD dashboard was also first developed by Audi. It was very technologically advanced.

Apart from these, Audi was also worth praising for its various technologies, especially the quattro four-wheel drive, which was praised by many people.

It was because of these outstanding details that Audi was able to compete with the BMW and Benz.

Controlling a car required professional technicians to slowly accumulate experience. Therefore, Li Mu did not dare to say that he could compete with the BMW in a short period of time. He might not even be able to compete with the BMW in the future.

However, in other areas, Li Mu decided to try his best to catch up with the BMW. He wanted to leave them all behind.

Currently, the areas that he could be sure of his strengths were Tesla's lithium battery technology. The second was his understanding and memory of the outstanding design of future cars. The third was his understanding and memory of luxury car design. The fourth was the Android and IOS systems that were currently in development. These two systems were built for mobile devices. Therefore, it was very easy to adapt them to cars. The fifth was Volvo's years of experience in the safety field.

The sixth was the Keyhole navigation system that he was about to acquire. Li Mu was confident that he could make it the best vehicle navigation system in the world. It might even be the best civilian navigation system in the world.

The seventh should be the LCD screen and LCD dashboard. Currently, no car manufacturers were researching this. Almost all cars on the market used the traditional mechanical dashboard. He had to find a company that was researching the LCD dashboard as soon as possible. He could also invest in a company or form a department to conduct research in this area.

Li Mu, who came from the Internet, could easily figure out the elements behind a set of electronic products. For example, the LCD dashboard was no different from a computer or iPad. It required two sets of hardware and one set of software.

The two sets of hardware were:

1. The data processing hardware, such as the motherboard, CPU, power supply, and various capacitors and chips. Just like a computer's mainframe, he could design his own circuit, purchase the original parts from the world, and even hire an electronic OEM factory to manufacture it. It was no different from Xiaomi's mobile phone production.

2. The display hardware. Just like a computer monitor, the LCD dashboard would require its own LCD display. This could be customized directly from a reliable LCD manufacturer.

These two sets of hardware were not difficult to implement. Overall, the difficulty of producing the LCD dashboard was no different from producing an MP4.

However, there was only one real problem with the hardware of the LCD dashboard. The product's stability was extremely high.

Car products were not like ordinary electronic products. Cars were related to the consumer's personal safety. Therefore, the after-sales cost was extremely high. For example, if a certain original was defective, it would have to be recalled for free repair and replacement. These costs were borne by the manufacturer.

If the quality control of a car brand was too poor, just the endless recall could drag it into the abyss of death.

Therefore, once a product like the LCD dashboard was designed and applied to a car, it had to be extremely reliable. It could not lag today or crash tomorrow.

Moreover, the operating environment of a car was often much harsher than that of ordinary electronic products. High temperature, severe cold, sandstorms, humidity, bumps, and continuous operation all required stable performance. It couldn't be like a certain batch of Apple phones, which would stop at zero degrees. It also couldn't be like some mobile phones, which would become hand warmers as soon as they were used.

As long as the design was completed and the craftsmanship met the strict requirements, both the LCD dashboard and the car's LCD screen could be solved.

In addition to the hardware, the real difference was the software system, and this was the most important point.

If one only wanted to design a system that supported the LCD display of speed, speed, fuel, temperature, and other information, it was not difficult to operate the system.

For example, the old TV did not have its own software system. All the parameters had to be adjusted by mechanical knobs and buttons. It did not even support remote control.

However, in the era of LCD TVs, TVs soon had their own simple operating system, or set-top box system. Such a system supported remote control, various parameters, and self-editing of program frequency bands. In fact, the system needed for the LCD dashboard was not much different from the simple system of an ordinary LCD TV.

However, if one wanted to embed more information and functions into the LCD dashboard, such as navigation, telephone, information, interaction, and even custom software and functions, it was impossible to achieve with just a simple system. A complete software ecosystem, including a mature smart operating system, and a variety of software support were necessary. This was where the advantages of Makino cars came into play.

In the future, with Android and IOS, and the car system derived from these two systems, the LCD dashboard could be completely supported by Android or IOS. In that case, it would not be impossible to chat, watch TV, and play games in the dashboard, let alone navigate the dashboard. This way, he would be able to further widen the gap between his business partners.

In fact, in the future, the LCD screens in cars were the same. If they could only adapt to their own functions, like the old TV set-top box, they could not be compared to a real smart operating system.

…

Li Mu planned the future strategic direction and tactics in his mind. He then immediately discussed the specific issues of establishing the company with Larry Page.

The first problem was to come up with a name and immediately register the company.

Li Mu did not like the name Keyhole. Keyhole?

He did not know what kind of strange name it was.

Larry Page was not interested in the name either. Since it was a joint venture between Makino Technology and Google, they decided to use the simplest method. They decided to take a letter from each company and name the company M&G.

The full name would be "M&G Information Technology Co., Ltd." In the future, the headquarters of M&G would be set up in Silicon Valley. The location of the office would be as close to Google as possible. This was because in the future, Google would have to mainly rely on people from Google to convert the technology, patents, data, and team of Keyhole.

As for Makino Technology, they would mainly provide the money, pick the peaches, eat the peaches, and farm and maintenance would all be handled by Google.

Google was a company established by a technical geek like Larry Page. Therefore, their technology was extremely strong, and it was definitely not a problem for them to be in charge.