Chapter 1081

Li Mu knew very well that pan-entertainment would be the hot topic of the internet industry in the future.

Be it games, literature, animation, or film, they would all be the main battlefields of the pan-entertainment industry in the future.

Among them, the largest share was in games and film.

Almost all the internet giants in the future had invested a lot of money in the film industry. Among them, Tengxun and Alibaba had set up their own film companies, while Baidu had relied on Glutinous Rice and iQIYI to attack the film industry from another direction. What was interesting was that almost every giant had set up their own online ticketing business before investing in the film industry.

Tengxun's online ticketing business eventually became Micro Shadow Era; Alibaba's online ticketing platform became Taobao, and Baidu became Baidu's Glutinous Rice.

All three of them controlled a certain share of online ticketing. Then, they began to use the online ticketing resources in their hands to trace upstream and penetrate the film industry. Aside from investing and distributing film and television works, they also set up their own film companies and attacked the source of the film and television industry in one go. From this, it could be seen that the giants attached great importance to this aspect.

In the future internet era, there was no single product model. If it was in the hands of a giant, it could produce a strong linkage effect. If it was in the hands of a giant, an online ticketing platform could not only trace upstream of the film and television industry and penetrate the entire film and television industry, but it could also become an important part of their own payment channel, a big reliance to increase their brand awareness and value, and an important part of their entire pan-entertainment layout. It could be said that it was extremely significant.

The biggest advantage that Li Mu had in this industry now was that he had no competitors. He was the first to come up with the product form, and he had enough capital and resources to support it. He could make this project run very fast once it was born, and no one could catch up.

Although Spielberg could not see that far ahead, he could basically confirm that if this thing was done well, it would have a great impact on the film and television industry. He could not help but ask Li Mu, "Mr. Li, when do you plan to bring this online ticketing system to the American market?"

Li Mu said, "This system will be promoted in Hua Xia. If the promotion effect is good, we will transplant it to the American market as soon as possible. Makino Technology will be in charge of operating it, integrating YY's promotion resources and PayPal's payment channel."

Spielberg nodded and asked Li Mu, "Is there anything I can do for you?"

Li Mu was waiting for Spielberg to take the initiative to express his interest. If he were to ask him to do something after he had said so much, it could only mean that this old man did not understand the concept.

Since Spielberg had taken the initiative to express his interest, Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "I think we can set up an online ticketing company together. Muye Technology or Muye Image will hold the majority of the shares, and you will hold a small share. We have strong funds, technology, and a complete set of solutions and promotion resources, while you have rich resources in the film and television industry. You can reach more people in the industry, especially in the cinema sector. If we work together, we can definitely make this online ticketing system bigger and stronger in the shortest time!"

Spielberg nodded excitedly. "I'm very interested in the online ticketing system that Mr. Li mentioned. If what Mr. Li said is true, I'm willing to be a part of it!"

Li Mu immediately said, "Of course, you're welcome to join us. We can keep in touch about this. When I return to China, I'll promote it in China first, and then I'll talk to you about the next stage."

Spielberg said without hesitation, "No problem!"

They talked for a while about the online ticketing system. Many more celebrities came to the scene, including the handsome Tom Cruise, the equally handsome Keanu Reeves, and the not-so-handsome Matt Damon. There were also many other male and female celebrities that Li Mu found familiar, but he could not recognize them.

It was originally a charity banquet organized by Spielberg, but because of the arrival of Li Mu, the focus of everyone's attention was shifted. Everyone's attention was attracted by Li Mu, who had come from afar. Because he was so famous now, in the eyes of celebrities, he was a walking hot topic.

Many celebrities took the initiative to come up and say hello to Li Mu. Regardless of whether Li Mu knew them or not, he responded very politely. For a while, he was so busy shaking hands that his arms were sore.

When the charity banquet was about to begin, the specially invited media reporters also received permission to enter. The first thing these reporters did after entering was to look for Li Mu's figure. Because for them, Li Mu was the person they paid the most attention to tonight's charity banquet. Otherwise, there would be two or three hundred charity banquets like this in Hollywood every year. The media reporters would have long been tired of watching them.

It was not easy for Li Mu to deal with a large wave of celebrities who came to get to know him. At this moment, he was surrounded by a large group of reporters asking him all sorts of questions. For a moment, he was a little tired of dealing with them.

Most of the questions asked by the reporters had nothing to do with the charity banquet. Now, the topic that the Americans were most concerned about about Li Mu was: When will Li Mu bring 3321 to the United States?

How much can Makino Technology raise with its C round of financing?

And when will Makino Technology go on the market?

Li Mu answered these questions one by one:

The 3321 team has already started communicating and negotiating with Harvard. It should not be long before they can really bring 3321 to the United States.

How much Makino Technology can raise with its C round of financing will be decided by the market, not by Li Mu himself.

The time when Makino Technology will go on the market has yet to be determined, but if it is fast, it should be able to go on the market in 2003. If it is slow, it should be on the market in 2004.

After answering a wave of questions, Spielberg saw that if this continued, the charity banquet would become Li Mu's personal answer to the reporters. Therefore, he politely asked the media to let Li Mu off for the time being, fighting for a moment of peace for Li Mu.

It was not easy for him to be alone for a while. Li Mu subconsciously wanted to smoke a cigarette to calm himself down. With so many celebrities and media, the scene was indeed a little noisy. If he stayed for too long, he would inevitably get a headache.

Li Mu did not choose to go out. Instead, he quietly sneaked up to the second floor and lit a cigarette on the balcony. He had just taken two puffs when he heard a woman's timid voice behind him. "Hello, Mr. Li Mu. Can we get to know each other?"

Li Mu, who had the cigarette in his mouth, turned his head. In front of him was a tall and exceptionally beautiful young woman. Li Mu looked at her and felt that she looked very familiar, but he could not recall who she was.

Li Mu subconsciously asked, "Who are you?"

At this moment, the young woman looked at Li Mu shyly and said in a low voice, "I'm your biggest fan. I really admire you!

I'm an actress. My name is Anne Hathaway. "

"Anne Hathaway?"

Li Mu was incomparably shocked in his heart. This name was still very famous before his rebirth!

Although he did not really like Anne Hathaway, it was undeniable that in the future, Anne Hathaway would have a great influence all over the world. She would also have a lot of fans. However, it was only the end of 2002. In front of Li Mu, Anne Hathaway looked like a cute and obedient girl next door.

Although he was very shocked in his heart, Li Mu pretended to be very calm on the surface. He roughly looked at Anne Hathaway, who had just turned 20 years old, and had to sigh. A beauty was indeed a beauty. Even at such a close distance, there was almost no flaw. Her skin was smooth and delicate, and her facial features were flawless. Her smile was especially bright. In Li Mu's eyes, this was a standard western beauty. The only shortcoming might be that her mouth was a little big, but it was not big for westerners.

At this time, Anne Hathaway was very nervous. Seeing Li Mu's surprised face, she thought that Li Mu did not know her at all. She hurriedly added, "Mr. Li, I'm just a newcomer in the film industry. I just acted in my first movie last year, so you don't know me. However, I'm your number one fan, and I admire you very much!

So I hope to get to know you … "

Li Mu smiled and generously reached out his hand to her. He said with a smile, "Hello, Miss Hathaway. My name is Li Mu."

Anne Hathaway shyly reached out and shook hands with Li Mu. She could not hide her excitement and said, "Mr. Li, you can call me Annie."

Li Mu nodded. "Hello, Annie."

Anne Hathaway smiled sweetly and winked playfully. "Hello, Mr. Li Mu!"

Li Mu asked her curiously, "When was Miss Annie born?

We should be about the same age, right? "

Anne Hathaway said, "I was born in November 1982. What about you, Mr. Li Mu?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You can call me Li Mu. I'm a few months older than you. I was born in June."

Anne Hathaway did not hide the admiration on her face at all. She said, "It's really amazing to have such outstanding achievements at such a young age …"

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're the same age as me. Aren't you a big star in Hollywood now?"

Anne Hathaway laughed at herself and said, "I'm not a star. I've only acted in two or three movies."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I've seen the movie 'The Princess Diaries' you acted in. I didn't recognize you just now because your style today is a little different from the movie."

When Anne Hathaway heard that Li Mu had seen her first movie, 'The Princess Diaries', she suddenly became excited and danced with joy. "You're not kidding me, are you?

You've really seen my movie 'The Princess Diaries'? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Of course I've seen it. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to name it."