Chapter 130

On the afternoon of the 2nd of October, Li Mu uploaded the Legend of Overlord 1.0 that he had created in the past two days onto the internet. It was a simplified version of the support cheat. However, the Legend of Overlord had only just started its beta testing, and there were not many users. The speed at which Li Mu created the Legend of Overlord 1.0 was godlike.

Since the Legend of Mir 2 hadn't started yet, Li Mu didn't deliberately promote the Legend of Overlord. He just posted it on the game forum to let the players know.

After uploading the cheat, he and Zhao Kang took the train home at night. The train traveled through the night and arrived in Haizhou on the morning of October 3rd.

Li Mu had left on September 2nd, and now he was back on October 3rd. It was a whole month. To Li Mu, who had been away from home for many years in his previous life, this was nothing more than a mosquito bite. However, when he got off the train, Li Mu realized that he was homesick.

Chen Wan had been waiting to see him for a long time. They had an agreement that she would look for Li Mu no matter where he was during the National Day. She had wanted to go to Beijing, but when she heard that Li Mu would be back on the 2nd, she gave up on the idea and waited for him in Haizhou.

As soon as they got out of the station, a group of taxi drivers surrounded them and asked if they wanted to take a taxi. Li Mu and Zhao Kang waved their hands and rushed out of the crowd. As soon as Li Mu let out a sigh of relief, he saw Chen Wan standing about ten meters in front of him.

The weather in Haizhou was still warm. Chen Wan was wearing a Western-style white shirt and a long black dress. She stood in the crowd, looking tranquil and beautiful. The square in front of the station was so noisy, but when Li Mu saw her, he felt as if time had stopped. She was the only center of the place. As long as she didn't move, everything would be as still as a virgin.

Zhao Kang saw Chen Wan too. He whispered to Li Mu, "Sister Wan is so beautiful."

"Tell me the truth." Li Mu smiled and walked over to Chen Wan.

"Sister."

He was already in his thirties, yet Li Mu was willing to call this young lady in her early twenties sister.

When Li Mu walked over, Chen Wan stretched out her arms and embraced Li Mu like a big sister.

Li Mu walked forward and gently held Chen Wan in his arms. Chen Wan's heartbeat sped up, but she still said with a doting expression, "Bad boy, long time no see!"

Saying.

Then, he looked at Zhao Kang and greeted him with a smile.

Zhao Kang also called her sister with a silly smile, but he knew that he definitely wouldn't get the same hug as Li Mu.

Chen Wan's cheeks were already flushed with a light hug. She forced herself to calm down and asked Li Mu, "Have you had breakfast?"

"Not yet."

Chen Wan said, "Let's go.

Let's have breakfast first, then I'll send you home. "

Li Mu asked, "You drove?"

Chen Wan nodded. "Yes."

Li Mu and Zhao Kang followed Chen Wan to the Audi that Chen Wan drove. The two threw their bags into the trunk. Li Mu sat in the front passenger seat, and Zhao Kang sat in the back.

The Audi drove away. On the side of the train station, a middle-aged man threw away the cigarette in his hand and made a phone call. He said with a smile, "Hello, wife … I didn't pick up my son … Don't call him, he was picked up by someone else … Ah.

Don't ask, I'll tell you when I get home. "

Papa Lee didn't tell Li Mu that he was going to pick him up. After all, he was a young man, and the train station was so close to his home. It wouldn't take long to walk there. However, seeing that it was almost time for the train to enter the station, Papa Lee couldn't help but tell his wife that he was going out for a walk.

Li Ma knew him too well.

It was already nine o 'clock, and he was going out for a walk. Who was he kidding? He must be going to the train station to pick up his son.

Sure enough, he went, but he didn't pick up his son.

After returning home, Papa Lee was teased by Li Ma, "Look at you.

You're even more worried about your son than me. "

"Sigh, I thought that since I can't go anywhere, I might as well go to the train station and pick up my son. It's killing two birds with one stone!"

When Papa Lee spoke, he was smiling foolishly. Li Ma was curious, "You didn't pick up your son.

Why are you smiling foolishly?

By the way, who picked up our son? "

Papa Lee chuckled, "Guess!"

Li Ma rolled her eyes at him, "I don't have the ability to do that.

Tell me quickly, don't waste my time. "

"Chen Wan."

Li Ma was stunned, "You mean Xiaowan?"

"Yes."

Papa Lee nodded, "She drove there and picked up Xiaomu and Kang. I came back on foot, but Xiaomu hasn't come back yet. I guess he went to have breakfast."

Li Ma sighed, "Our son and Xiaowan are destined to be together. Xiaowan is a girl who values friendship. After bumping into Xiaomu, she has been spoiling him like a younger brother."

After that, Li Ma said with a gratified expression, "That's good. Look at your family. They live far away, so Xiaomu hasn't had much contact with them since he was a child. In my family, there's Yuanyuan and Xiaowei. Xiaomu isn't close to them, so he doesn't have an older brother or sister to take care of him since he was a child."

Papa Lee chuckled, "Our son is very charming!

I always feel that Xiaowan likes our Xiaomu. "

"Nonsense. How can she not like him when she spoils him like a younger brother?"

"I'm not talking about that kind of like. I'm talking about the kind between a man and a woman."

"Really?" Li Ma was stunned.

"I think so." Papa Lee told her what he saw at the station just now.

Li Ma was lost in thought and didn't answer. Papa Lee sighed, "Dragons give birth to dragons, phoenixes give birth to phoenixes, and mice give birth to babies that can dig holes. My son's luck with women is really …"

Li Ma laughed and scolded, "I was the only one who liked you. Don't be so smug."

After joking, Li Ma added, "In fact, Xiaowan is a good girl. She is three years older than Xiaomu. I can't find any fault with her."

Papa Lee nodded, "I don't think it's a problem for her to be three years older. She is such a good girl. The age gap can be ignored. The most important thing is her family. Although I don't know what Xiaowan's family does, she must be a child of a rich family. I'm afraid that people pay attention to matching their families."

Li Ma said, "You think too much. Even if they can be together, it won't be now. How old is your son?

Besides, even if they get together, it's not like they're going to get married right now. It's too early to talk about whether they're well-matched in terms of social status. Not to mention our son is so capable, the store's business is so good. If we work hard and do well in this business, my son might not be despised by others in a few years. "

Papa Lee nodded in agreement, "You're right. We have to focus on running this business well."

Li Ma nodded and asked, "Have you thought about it? Should we buy the Senma brand I mentioned?

I think it's a good brand and it's doing well. "

Father Li thought about it, then gritted his teeth and said, "Fine!

We'll go to Wen City and sign Senma on a contract after our son goes to Beijing after the festival. "

Li Ma smiled and said, "You were hesitant a few days ago. Why are you so decisive today?"

Papa Lee said, "I have to hurry up and earn enough money for my son to marry a wife. Time waits for no man!"

…

In the famous Soup Dumplings Shop in Haizhou, Li Mu ate two bowls of dumplings in one go. Zhao Kang ate three bowls of dumplings himself.

No matter how delicious the food outside was, when he was back home, the taste of his hometown was still the best. He could not get enough of it.

After wolfing down the dumplings, Li Mu drank half a bowl of egg soup and asked Chen Wan, "Sister, what have you been doing these days?"

"Nothing."

Chen Wan shrugged and said, "I wanted to play with my cousin, but he's busy performing now. He's always getting invitations from TV stations. They're so happy."

Li Mu nodded. Now was the best time for them to strike while the iron was hot. With those four songs, they could be famous until the end of the year or even the first half of next year. When they turn those four songs into popular songs, they would really become big stars.

Chen Wan said, "Oh right, Dong Ai complained to me."

"What did she complain about?"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "She said you made a fool out of her."

Li Mu smiled sheepishly and said, "Not really. It's just that, sister, you know, students are not my cup of tea."

"Of course!"

Of course, Chen Wan knew that in her heart, Li Mu was a genius. There was a world of difference between him and the average university student. Why would she care about being a member of the Student Council?

As for what was good about Li Mu, Chen Wan felt that she could talk non-stop for a day. He was handsome, after all, there were too many handsome guys, but Li Mu was talented. The songs he wrote were the classics of the classics. Moreover, he made the band Simple Plans popular. Chen Wan had been paying attention to the Easy Listening website he created. She even registered a sockpuppet to play on the Tieba forum that was launched some time ago.

She did not tell Li Mu that she was the moderator of the Muzi Tieba forum, and her nickname was "Guardian Bad Boy." She believed that if Li Mu went to the Muzi Tieba forum, he would definitely guess that it was her.

Li Mu really did not go to the Muzi Tieba forum. After passing on two songs for fun, he was too busy to care about it.

Speaking of Dong Ai, Chen Wan said, "Dong Ai is a straightforward person, but she is absolutely a good person. You can contact her more in the future. Although she is a senior, she will still be studying at the National People's Congress next year. Maybe you will need her help in the future."

Li Mu nodded. "She rushed to treat me to a meal because of you. When I go back, I have to treat her to a meal to show my gratitude."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "That's for the best. Courtesy demands reciprocity."

Knowing that Li Mu and Zhao Kang's parents must be waiting for them at home, Chen Wan drove Li Mu back to the Xiling Coal Mine after breakfast. Li Mu and Zhao Kang said goodbye to her and went home respectively.

Li Mu had been away from home for a month, and Papa Lee and Li Ma missed him very much. As soon as Li Mu went home, Li Ma surrounded him and looked at him. She felt sorry for him and said that her son had lost weight after a month away.

Li Mu took off his shirt and revealed his strong muscles. He said to his mother, "I didn't lose weight. I trained to have muscles."

Li Ma pinched Li Mu's arm and nodded in praise. "Well, that's right. You look like a man. A man must have a strong body."

Papa Lee also echoed, "Since you have started working out, you should stick to it. The body is the capital of revolution."

Li Mu nodded repeatedly. "Mom, Dad, I know. Don't worry."

After that, Li Mu asked curiously, "How's the business of our shop during the month that I've been away?" (To be continued)

PS: