Chapter 470

Currently, there were only two platforms in the online casual games market. One was the famous Lianzhong, and the other was the inexperienced Bian Feng.

Lianzhong was now the leader of the world's casual games market. It could be said to be a powerful empire now. However, because of the single product line of this empire, it looked extremely powerful on the surface, but in fact, it had long been in danger. If Li Mu did not pluck its fruit today, according to the pace of history, Boss Ma would come to pluck it next year. Once an opponent with a real ecological concept appeared, the seemingly magnificent building of Lianzhong would be overturned in an instant.

As for Bian Feng, it only had a few million users. Before Shanda acquired it, it was a malnourished child. Now that Li Mu, a hooligan who didn't follow the rules, wanted to create an online casual games platform, Li Mu didn't even need to lift a finger. When Lianzhong fell, the bricks that fell were enough to kill it.

At that moment, Li Mu didn't know that he was actually facing three opponents. Strictly speaking, it was two and a half. Other than Lianzhong and Bian Feng, there was also the QQ gaming platform that was more than half developed.

Recently, the Tieba forum had been promoting "Happy Camp," which would be released later this month. Users were also paying close attention to it. After all, Chen Wan, Simple Plan, and Du Wei would be appearing in "Happy Camp" for the first time. At 8am on May 10th, the Tieba forum's promotion was changed to a series of strange advertisements.

"Rich and willful. You've never seen such a nouveau riche!"

"New event for Makino Technology in May. Starting at 8am tonight, three mobile phones will be sent out every hour. One Motorola V70, one Samsung, and one Nokia!"

"The event will last for 15 days. 72 mobile phones will be sent out every day!"

When the users saw these ridiculous advertisements, they were frankly dumbfounded. This was because these advertisements were too strange. They only said that there would be an event and that they would be giving away phones. Moreover, they would be giving away three phones every hour for fifteen days. But they didn't explain how they were going to give them away.

There weren't even specific rules for the event. How were they supposed to participate?

In one morning, the inexplicable event of Makino Technology became a hot topic on the Internet.

It couldn't be helped. Li Mu's method was too simple and crude. He just threw money, and every penny was thrown out loud. When the netizens found out that Makino Technology was going to send 1080 mobile phones in 15 days, they almost went crazy. They scratched their heads trying to figure out how they were going to do it.

However, everyone couldn't figure it out. They didn't know what kind of event Makino Technology was going to do, how they were going to do it, and how they were going to send out the mobile phones. It couldn't be helped. Everyone who was interested in this advertisement began to wait for the arrival of 8pm. No one knew if a link would suddenly appear at 8pm for everyone to click on and grab it. If they were late, they would miss a great opportunity.

Li Mu's move was learned from Boss Ma of Ali. In 2009, Boss Ma organized a 1 yuan Instant Kill event on Taobao for the first time. The rules were simple and crude. At every time, a few products of different value would be released, but each product would only be sold for 1 yuan. Whoever grabbed it first would own it. Li Mu once heard from a Ali operation in a chat that this event directly pushed Taobao's traffic to an unprecedented peak. Moreover, the investment was not high. It was taking advantage of the confidence of the netizens. For example, if a 5,000 yuan laptop was sold for 1 yuan, everyone would have a chance to grab it. In the end, there were millions of people waiting in front of their computers to start fighting for it.

This was the ingenuity of moving a thousand kilograms with little effort. When used well, the effect was simply amazing.

A large number of fake reviewers began to move, commenting or participating in the discussion of this topic. Then, they would always say a few words: "The rich can do whatever they want. This is really the rich can do whatever they want …"

Judging from the popularity on the Internet, Li Mu estimated that there would be at least a few million people waiting for Makino Technology to give away their cell phones at 8 pm tonight. Once it was 8 pm, he would release the YY gaming platform and announce the rules of the YY National Dou Dizhu Competition. When millions of people were fighting for a computer, everyone felt that they could get it. Now that there were three free cell phones every hour, everyone would definitely feel that they could get it. Moreover, the process of getting the cell phones was much more comfortable than the instant kill state of staring at the time without blinking and pressing on F5. This was because all the prizes were decided during the game. One could win the cell phone as they played, or it did not matter if they did not win, they could just continue playing. Anyway, this game was quite interesting and addictive.

This new inexplicable move by Makino Technology not only attracted the attention of a large number of netizens but also attracted the attention of a large number of companies in the industry. Many companies now regarded Makino Technology as a product benchmark and a textbook for operations. They paid attention to every move of Makino Technology every day. Although they did not understand what Makino Technology was up to, everyone understood one thing: pay close attention and you would definitely learn something from it.

Tengxun's Chairman Ma was also very curious.

What the hell?

Was it going to do a lucky draw on YY?

He felt that Makino Technology must have recognized that he was now financially tight, so it began to compete with him to see who was richer. Because Makino Technology announced that YY would not accept any commercial promotion, he had been forced to suspend all advertising cooperation. Not only had advertising revenue plummeted, but he had also incurred a certain amount of liquidated damages. Now, not only was Makino Technology not making money, but it was also throwing money into it. If he wanted to keep up with its pace, he would really be a little powerless.

The entire Internet began to pay close attention to the new movements of Makino Technology. Unknowingly, the words "rich and capricious" had begun to become popular in the netizen circle. The magic of these words also began to show. Comments about the rich and capricious were everywhere on the Internet. Some were launched by the Internet Water Army, and some were spontaneously launched by netizens. In short, these words became popular in less than a day.

No one knew what Makino Technology was up to, but everyone was paying close attention, waiting for the arrival of eight o 'clock in the evening.

…

At seven o 'clock in the evening, a large wave of advertising offensive was ready in the trenches, waiting for the call to charge to be sounded at eight o' clock.

Everyone in Makino Technology was looking forward to it nervously, including the news that the other departments had now been unblocked. Everyone was waiting to witness the birth of the YY gaming hall.

This included Chen Hui, who had just joined the company.

When he left Teng Xun, Boss Ma had not yet decided on a strategy to develop the QQ gaming hall. Moreover, the QQ gaming hall was highly confidential within Teng Xun, so he did not know that his old employer was also developing a product with the same positioning. When he learned that his new employer, Makino Technology, had developed the YY gaming hall and saw the product introduction of the YY gaming hall, he mourned for his old employer for a minute in his heart. He could see that once the YY gaming hall was released, QQ would no longer be able to resist.

However, Chen Hui quickly adjusted his mood. At the moment, he was no longer an employee of Teng Xun, but an employee of Makino Technology. The most important thing was that at the end of the month, Zhang Yao, whom he had been yearning for day and night, would be joining Makino Technology. This was his biggest goal apart from work. Therefore, Teng Xun, a thing of the past, did not hold him back much.

The administrative department ordered Pizza Hut pizzas for the employees who worked overtime and stayed to witness the historical moment. As a result, the huge order volume mobilized many Pizza Hut restaurants to work together to make the pizzas. Li Mu looked at the hundreds of employees in front of him and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Find a capable subordinate and let him prepare to set up a motorcade for the company."

"Motorcade?" Lin Ching-ah asked, "What are the specific requirements?"

Li Mu said, "Investigate the living conditions of the employees, choose some relatively concentrated locations, and open a few staff buses to and from the company. In addition, I think our office space will not be able to accommodate for long. In the future, the size of the team will continue to expand. Hurry up and look for a new office space. It's best to choose a relatively high-end office building with convenient transportation. It would be even better if we can get an entire floor or even two floors. The renovation still needs some time, so this matter has to be moved in advance."

Lin Qingya nodded and said, "Our current office space can still hold about a hundred more people. If we move out the customer service, editing, and other supporting departments, we should be able to have a few dozen more work spaces. That should be enough to support us for another half a year. Do you think we should start looking now or wait a little longer?"

Li Mu said, "Look for it now. The company's cash flow is so abundant, and the revenue is also very strong. We have to find a way to spend more. The office space must be good and large, but not outside of Zhongguancun."

In the future, Internet companies such as Tengxun, NetEase, Sohu, Sina, and Baidu all had their own buildings in Yan Jing, and the area was getting bigger and bigger. Li Mu also thought that in the second half of the year or next year, when the company's influence, capital, and tax payment were higher, he would communicate with the government to buy a piece of land to build a Muye Building, which would be the headquarters of Makino Technology. This was very feasible, and he could directly hand it over to Song Liang to build it. It could also be regarded as work for the real estate development company jointly established by him, Chen Ze, and Song Liang.

However, buying land, building, decorating, and using it, this cycle was estimated to be delayed until 2004 at the earliest. Therefore, before that, they still had to rent the office space outside. With the development of many companies, the office space of the company was scattered, such as Baidu, which was rooted in Yan Jing. Before the Baidu Building was opened, there were more than a dozen offices in Yan Jing, large and small. Each department was separated and thrown to each corner of Yan Jing, and it would be very laborious for them to work together internally. Therefore, Li Mu would rather spend more money to rent a large office space first. If he couldn't use it, he would leave it idle. It was much more convenient than having to find a temporary office space elsewhere.

Lin Ching-ah understood what Li Mu meant. She immediately nodded and said, "I will arrange for someone to sweep the office space in Zhongguancun tomorrow."

Li Mu nodded, looked at the time, and said, "There are still twenty minutes left. It will be soon."