Chapter 1073

As Li Mu had guessed, Mark Zuckerberg had not come up with the idea for Facebook yet.

In this conversation, Li Mu reminded him on several points. First, he suggested that Mark Zuckerberg keep the idea of "Face" and try to keep the word "face". Second, he suggested that Mark Zuckerberg should not conflict with Makino Technology in terms of product positioning, which meant that he should avoid the edge of YY and look for breakthroughs in the product.

Li Mu felt that this was all he could say. If he said any more, it would be equivalent to telling Mark Zuckerberg the idea of Facebook directly. That would be meaningless. Facebook was a super product in his previous life, but if it wanted to become a super product step by step, it would need to go through many difficulties. If Li Mu helped it grow, it might mess up Mark Zuckerberg's plan.

Before leaving, Li Mu left his mobile phone number in Hua Xia and his personal email to Mark Zuckerberg. At the same time, he also left Li Ziwei's contact information so that Mark Zuckerberg could contact him in time if he had a relatively mature project plan in the future.

With Li Mu's current status and influence, Mark Zuckerberg was deeply moved by his gesture. It was not an exaggeration to describe Li Mu's behavior as reverence and awe. For him, Li Mu was a god-like man. But who would have thought that he would be so lucky to meet Li Mu by chance and get his approval and help?

However, it was not uncommon to hear such a high-leveled person vigorously supporting a low-leveled newcomer. Mark Zuckerberg did not find it unbelievable. He was just glad that his reckless "deceptive behavior" had accidentally gained Li Mu's appreciation.

After establishing a particularly solid quasi-partnership with Mark Zuckerberg, Li Mu finally felt relieved. Seeing that the time of departure was getting closer and closer, Li Mu ended the private meeting with Mark Zuckerberg. Finally, he said goodbye to Lawrence, Xie Huairu, and the others. After that, Li Mu and the others took the bus provided by Harvard and were ready to leave for the airport.

To Li Mu's surprise, when he came out of the Academic Affairs Building, he found that the outside of the building was completely surrounded by people. If it weren't for a large number of police and FBI agents trying their best to isolate the scene and create a vacuum zone with a radius of less than 100 meters, even the bus that Li Mu and the others were about to take would have been completely blocked by the fanatical students.

Knowing that Li Mu was going to leave, almost none of the students from Harvard and MIT left. They were all waiting for Li Mu to appear.

As soon as Li Mu appeared, the dense crowd burst into thunderous applause. Even though Li Mu did not have a microphone in his hand, even though he did not say a word, even though many students could not see Li Mu clearly because they were too far away, they still spontaneously gave the warmest applause to Li Mu.

For many people, what Li Mu brought to them today was shock and fanaticism that they had never experienced in their 20 or 30 years of life. Li Mu was now the best inspirational example of young people in the world. Apart from him, a 20-year-old young man with such achievements, such a state of mind, and such foresight could only be found in the unverified legends of historical stories.

Li Mu himself did not expect that the students from Harvard and MIT would be so enthusiastic. It also made him feel flattered. Being overly admired by these talented students even made Li Mu a little frightened. It was hard to imagine what the media in the United States and the entire Western world would say about him after today. But he was basically sure that his speech at Harvard today would definitely be on the headlines of the mainstream Western media tomorrow.

Li Mu had no intention of being a role model for the young people in this world, but the pace and tide of the times had pushed him to such a position step by step. In this life, his achievements were bound to be far above Mark Zuckerberg's in his previous life, or even several times or dozens of times. In this case, it was impossible not to become a role model.

Li Mu stood on the high steps at the entrance of the Harvard Academic Affairs Building. Looking at the sea of people around him, he bowed slightly to the front and to the left and right. Then, he took out the paper five-star red flag from his suit pocket again. Holding it in his hand, he strode forward amidst the endless applause and came to the bus prepared by Harvard.

Before getting on the bus, Li Mu deliberately turned around and smiled and waved at the college students with the five-star red flag in his hand. Then, he boarded the bus without looking back and sat straight in the back seat, which was relatively private.

When all the people were on board, the car started, and several police cars cleared the way. The motorcade slowly drove out of the crowd. The dense crowd took the initiative to make a path for Li Mu's car to slowly drive out of the crowd. The surrounding applause and cheers were still continuous.

The motorcade drove out of Harvard and gradually sped up, leaving Harvard and Cambridge behind. Li Mu, who was sitting in the car, was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief. He said to Li Ziwei, "Call Qing Ya. We will open the financing negotiation window again the day after tomorrow."

The reason why Li Mu chose the day after tomorrow was that he still needed tomorrow to ferment the public's opinion. This time, his speech at Harvard was very successful, and it was also influential enough. The impact and encouragement to young people were probably unprecedented. If the American media reported it positively, it would definitely become a phenomenal hot topic in the Western world. This kind of event would directly promote the influence of himself and Muye Technology. And YY, which was repeatedly mentioned in his speech, would definitely become a well-known Internet star that everyone was familiar with.

With the current status of Li Mu and Makino Technology, the media would no longer be averse to using his company and product names in their reports. If it was a small or medium-sized entrepreneur, the large media would definitely consider advertising when reporting it. It was the consistent principle of the media to try not to benefit others. However, if it was a large or even a top entrepreneur, the mentality of the media would change. If anyone used vague words like "the founder of a company" when reporting on Bill Gates, they would definitely be scolded by the whole world.

Because of this consideration, when Li Mu started the financing negotiations the day after tomorrow, he could fully leverage the American media. In this way, he would have more capital to raise the price tag.

If the influence this time was big enough, YY was likely to conquer the entire Western world, including North America and the whole of Europe, in a very short period of time. In that case, YY would immediately become a world-class super product. This kind of leapfrogging speed of development was simply out of the sky.

…

As Li Mu expected, on the afternoon of his return to Silicon Valley, the American media had already begun to frantically report on Li Mu's speech at Harvard.

This time, it could really be described as crazy!

All the television stations, all the newspapers, all the magazines, and all the websites put the news of Li Mu's speech on the front page, and the attitude of all the media was surprisingly consistent: absolute approval, praise, and reverence!

Many of the media's headlines were so "big" that it was scary. For example, the title of CNN's special report was: The spiritual leader of the world's young people!

Fox said: The world's most successful young man conquered Harvard!

The headline on the front page of the Los Angeles Times said: Li Mu has become the idol of the world's young people. In the next edition, there was an extended topic, saying: "Li Mu's 3321 tore down the entire American charity industry's fig leaf!"

The Los Angeles Times was not the only one to report on this.

In their own reports, many of the media used two completely different attitudes to express their views. First, all the media highly praised 3321 and the 3321 Charity Fund. They were generous in their evaluation of it as the world's most perfect, healthiest, most transparent, and purest charity fund. Second, the media indiscriminately and harshly criticized the countless charity funds in the United States!

In an instant, all kinds of charity funds in the United States were exposed by various media, netizens, columnists, critics, and even financial experts. They evaluated most of the charity funds in the United States as: dark, greedy, shameless, and even morally bankrupt. In an instant, it was as if they were beating a drowning dog.

In fact, everyone knew what the hell those so-called charity funds were!

Everyone knew that those rich people "donated" their money to charity funds. In fact, it was a way to reduce the inheritance tax from 40% to 50% to 5%. But surprisingly, no media dared to take the initiative to expose this fig leaf. Now, Li Mu's "outspoken" speech at Harvard University had suddenly revealed the true colors of the entire American charity funds. The media, which had suppressed this topic for a long time, could finally seize this opportunity to fiercely attack it.

What was particularly interesting was that some of the media controlled by the rich and powerful remained silent on this matter. But they did not expect that the whole matter was brewing an unprecedented storm!

Many TV stations used more than five minutes to directly excerpt the live video of Li Mu's speech at Harvard University. They simplified Li Mu's speech at Harvard, but they basically did not emasculate the major parts that Li Mu expressed. This included Li Mu talking about his entrepreneurial history, Li Mu encouraging young people to put his ideas into action, Li Mu talking about the history of the founding of 3321, as well as the overall operating process and philosophy of 3321. Some TV stations even broadcast Li Mu's speech without any cuts.

When the video of Li Mu's speech appeared in the Western media, the Western society finally experienced a belated shock!

Especially the young people in the Western society, their shock was no less than that of the Harvard and MIT students who were impressed by Li Mu.

In just one day, Li Mu became the most respected idol of the entire Western society, and Li Mu's speech also became the hottest topic in the entire Western society!

Under such circumstances, most young people raised strong doubts about the American charity funds. Coupled with the cooperation of many media outlets, there was suddenly a wave of exposing charity funds in American society. Those media outlets controlled by the rich and powerful, because they did not report on this incident, were immediately condemned by the whole society!

People and other media outlets with a sense of justice scolded these silent media outlets, scolding them for losing the soul of a journalist, scolding them for being the lackeys of the rich and powerful, scolding them for encouraging social parasites to erode American society. Some media outlets even directly targeted these silent media outlets and dug out the rich and powerful behind them. At the same time, they dug out the so-called "charity funds" under the names of these rich and powerful people. All of a sudden, the chain of events that led to them choosing to shut up at this time was clearly sorted out!

The American society was extremely angry. They did not expect that the "charity game" of the American rich and powerful, which had been playing under their noses for so many years, was only playing them like monkeys!

They did not expect that the United States, which prided itself on being an advanced society, would need a young man like Hua Xia to remove this dirty and ugly fig leaf!

This also greatly strengthened the recognition and respect of the United States and the entire Western society for Li Mu. His 3321, compared to these dirty "charity funds," was simply stronger by countless eras!

This further proved that what Li Mu said was true. This extremely detailed report could be downloaded by anyone, and the income and expenditure in it were detailed down to the last two decimal places. Each sum of money was entered into the account through which order and at which time. Each sum of money was spent at which time, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent, where it was spent,

As 3321's overall scale had expanded to a national scale, it had deep cooperation with every 985, 211, and even ordinary undergraduate college in the country. Therefore, its overall income was very fast, and correspondingly, its charitable expenditures were also very frequent. What was most commendable about 3321 was that it only provided financial aid to those students who had not yet entered university, and those who had entered university but were unable to attend university. The financial aid included cash and goods, but it did not provide any form of financial aid to any school or classroom. This was something that 3321 had very clearly stated: Every cent of our income comes from those hard-working university students, so every cent of our income will also be used on those who have the potential to enter university. Although there were many places that needed to be upgraded, and although there were many places that needed to be improved, these were temporarily not within the scope of 3321's charity!

On 3321, Li Mu had truly taken from the people and used it for the people. At the same time, he was also afraid that if he did not donate directly to the students, it would be embezzled by certain groups. Therefore, his position was very clear. If there was a lack of school buildings or sports facilities, he would not care even if he did not look for 3321,3321!

Look for the local government, look for Project Hope, or look for other philanthropists, charity funds, and so on. In short, my 3321 only serves tens of millions of primary school students, middle school students, and high school graduates. Serving this group well is 3321's greatest success!