Chapter 813

The next day, Yanjing Wanying.

Li Mu, Song Liang, Chen Ze, Dufy, and Wei Lan sat together in the conference room to discuss the next three major projects of Wanying Real Estate.

The first one was the Sanlitun commercial center project. The second was the specific plans of the three buildings that Wanying Real Estate was developing. The third was how Wanying Real Estate was going to cooperate with Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan on the remaining four pieces of land.

As for the Sanlitun commercial project, Li Mu and Wei Lan had already reached a consensus. They would choose to expand on the foundation of Sanlitun Village in his previous life. The planned commercial capacity would also be larger, and they would strive to build it into the most fashionable shopping, leisure, and entertainment center in Hua Xia.

During the meeting, Li Mu directly presented a detailed plan for the shopping mall in the future and named the project as the first "Wan Ying Plaza".

This Wanying Plaza project was bigger than most commercial real estate projects developed by Wanda, Vanke, Kaide, Longde, and Taikuli. Li Mu's idea was to build it into the most powerful comprehensive commercial center in the Fourth Ring Road of Yanjing. Although it couldn't compare to commercial centers like Wangfujing and Xidan in terms of scale, it would at least be the king of the comprehensive commercial centers in the Fourth Ring Road of Yanjing.

As for the subsequent division of labor for the Sanlitun project, Chen Ze was responsible for the entire project's public relations with the government, as well as compensation for the land requisition and demolition. Dufy and her design team at Wanying Plaza would quickly come up with a few rough drafts, and everyone would choose a plan for in-depth optimization. Song Liang would be responsible for the overall management and arrangement of the specific development work. Wei Lan would be responsible for the commercial operation of Wanying Plaza, including resource planning, investment, publicity, promotion, and operation.

As for Li Mu himself, he very clearly released himself from this project. Other than being responsible for major decisions, he wouldn't be responsible for any specific work.

No one had any objections to Li Mu's arrangement. Li Mu himself was a strategist, so he didn't need to personally lead the charge. Moreover, his own business was enough for him to handle.

After the division of labor for the Sanlitun project, Song Liang said, "Since the Wanying Plaza project has been decided, should we discuss the residential real estate development next?"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry."

With that, Li Mu looked at Wei Lan and said, "Wei Lan, since you don't have any clear tasks in the early stages of Wan Ying Plaza's preparation, run around and analyze the business development of major cities in the country, including Beijing. Choose a location for the second, third, or even fourth 'Wan Ying Plaza'."

Everyone was dumbfounded. They even wondered if there was something wrong with their ears.

One Wan Ying Plaza project had a total investment of one billion yuan. It wouldn't be a problem to build one, but if they were to build three or four in a row, they wouldn't have enough funds or energy. However, from Li Mu's words, it was obvious that he wanted to start building Wan Ying Plaza one by one.

Chen Ze was the first to react and blurted out to Li Mu, "How many Wan Ying Squares are you planning to build in one go?"

Li Mu casually said, "If it's possible, the goal is to continuously produce like an assembly line. There's no specific number."

A real estate company that could truly become a giant would have multiple projects being built in different parts of the country at any time. The usual method was to invest in one project first, then mortgage the project to the bank after the money was invested. After the loan came out, they would start the second and third projects. This way, they could start multiple projects at the same time. Li Mu summed up this development model as: Bring a ladle of water with you as a water starter, find the bank as a pressure well, and borrow money from the depositor to irrigate the land. Otherwise, how much land can you irrigate with your ladle of water?

This was the fastest development model.

Using this development model didn't require a high level of technical difficulty, but it required a strong heart. This was because using this model to spread out the business was too big. It was like walking on thin ice in the middle of a hundred-meter deep lake. Once the capital chain broke or there were other major negative effects, the entire business would completely collapse, and all the assets would be destroyed in an instant.

Many real estate companies had the opportunity to use this model to develop rapidly, but there weren't many who dared to do it. For most real estate companies, they found a way to run Big Double Seven and Big Double Star on the slot machine. Every time they bet, they wouldn't put all their money on it, so the risk was low.

But in comparison, the method that Li Mu used was the same as continuously hitting the slot machine and flipping it up again and again. If he made a mistake, he would lose everything.

However, this kind of high risk was only perceived by outsiders. For Li Mu, who knew the development of commercial real estate, every time he made a bet, he was very confident.

From Li Mu's point of view, Wan Ying Plaza had money, and it wasn't a small amount. This money would definitely be used by the bank to carry out financial operations. Wherever the money was spent, it would be used to get loans from the bank. As long as he chose the right model, the billions in Wan Ying Plaza's hands could be used to leverage real estate projects that were worth tens of billions. Taking advantage of the current vacuum, it didn't matter if it was risky or not. With the support of the bank, when the time came, Wan Ying Plaza's development would be smooth sailing.

What's more, his commercial real estate plan was exceptionally large. Not only did it include retail, culture, and entertainment, but it also included office buildings, star-rated hotels, high-end commercial apartments, and other additional commercial services. With Wan Ying Plaza's development model that was at least ten years ahead of the times, it was certain that it would make money, and so would its valuation. Under this kind of situation, it didn't matter if it had a high debt ratio. Which tycoon wouldn't be burdened at the same time?

In the future, Hua Xia would have so many tycoons. Other than Old Godmother who might not owe money, which other tycoon wouldn't owe money?

Owing money wasn't the problem, the problem was that they couldn't even if they wanted to. That was the biggest problem.

Furthermore, there was one more important point. Although each Wan Ying Plaza was an independent commercial entity, there had to be a sufficient number of them in order to create a huge brand effect across the country. Once the concept of "wherever Wan Ying Plaza is, that's where the city center is" was popularized in the hearts of the citizens, then Wan Ying Plaza's future development would be even smoother. The local government would provide more subsidies, the banks would give a higher valuation, more loans, and lower interest rates, and the citizens and investors would give a higher recognition. Apart from that, it would also have a huge impact on the residential real estate market. If all of these were combined together, Wan Ying Plaza's development would only get faster and faster.

Everyone also understood Li Mu's usual way of doing things. After being fooled and instigated by him, they basically agreed with Li Mu's development direction from the bottom of their hearts. Since they were going to fight, they might as well fight more thoroughly.

…

As for the residential real estate development, Wei Lan brought up a never-before-seen idea: to use the three best pieces of land in the Three Circle Bridge area to develop a super high-end residential real estate project.

Wei Lan felt that since Li Mu's ambition wasn't in residential real estate, then he might as well go beyond the residential real estate landscape and create a super luxurious residential real estate that had yet to be seen in the country.

Wei Lan's idea was to use New York's Manhattan as a reference, to build the best houses in the most central area with the highest quality. This kind of super high-end, super elite house could completely jump out of the realm of residential real estate. Its price might be so high that it would make people doubt their lives, and the price-performance ratio might be so low that it would make people's hair stand on end. However, it didn't matter. As long as the concept was good and the quality was guaranteed, then there would be no need to worry about sales.

This kind of product was like Japanese beef. It could be sold in restaurants for thousands of dollars per catty, which was dozens of times more than the price of ordinary beef. However, it had its own audience. Those who could afford it and recognized it wouldn't think it was expensive. Instead, they would praise its quality. Those who couldn't afford it didn't have to worry. Although it could be sold for thousands of dollars per catty, it still wouldn't affect the price of ordinary beef in the market next to their house.

Although the price difference between high-end residential and ordinary beef was not as high as that of Japanese beef, it was very likely that the price of an ultra-luxurious house in the neighborhood next to their house would start at 100,000 yuan per square meter.

Wei Lan felt that the ultra-high-end residential area was currently an untouched area in the country. First of all, the villa area had been excluded from the residential area. Secondly, although the villa area was also very luxurious, it couldn't be compared to residential areas. Residential areas could be infinitely close to the city center, could make life extraordinarily convenient, could highlight the uniqueness of the elite class, could form a high-end community, and could continue to attract more high-end talents.

In Wei Lan's words, this was why so many people used the price of luxurious villas in the suburbs to buy high-end residences around Manhattan's Central Park. Since there weren't any in the country yet, Wan Ying could be the first to try it.

Wei Lan's plan made others feel a little uncertain except for Li Mu, but only Li Mu's eyes lit up.

Li Mu didn't understand the situation in the United States, but he had heard that an inch of land in Manhattan was expensive. However, it seemed impossible for there to be a place as special as Manhattan in the country. After all, the whole of Manhattan had been branded as an upper-class place and was known to the world.

However, Li Mu thought of Tomson First Class. In 2005, a house in Shanghai that cost 100,000 yuan per square meter was simply unprecedented. As soon as the property was launched, it immediately became the object of the media's competitive coverage. Tomson First Class had been famous in the country for more than a decade, and it was indeed a veritable benchmark for ultra-luxury residential.