Chapter 814

If one wanted to know which residential areas most of the upper-class people in a city chose, there was a very useful trick, which was to directly search where the local celebrities lived. It was not that the celebrities represented the entire upper-class society, but because celebrities had the most gossip information, it was the easiest to collect data.

For example, if one wanted to search for celebrities in Beijing, it was very easy to find the residential areas where the celebrities lived, such as Moma, Palm Springs, and a few high-end residential areas in the Financial Street. The housing prices in these areas were also ridiculously high, much more expensive than the residential areas next to them.

In the future, there would at least be hundreds of high-end residential areas in Beijing, as well as a few ultra-high-end residential areas, but right now, it could be clearly said that there was not a single one.

Li Mu had not thought about high-end housing before because he did not understand this industry. His understanding of real estate was very superficial, and high-end housing was a derivative project of residential real estate, so he did not know anything about it.

However, Wei Lan was someone who had seen the world.

She explained to everyone in the conference room, "In every core city of a developed country, there will definitely be areas where ultra-luxury housing projects gather, such as Manhattan in New York and Cape Piper in Sydney. The ultra-luxury housing in these places is basically more than ten times the average price of the city's housing. However, Manhattan is a financial center and a gathering place for the upper-class, so it has a strong clustering effect. Cape Piper, on the one hand, is the most luxurious neighborhood in Sydney, and on the other hand, it has a very strong clustering effect."

As she spoke, Wei Lan continued, "I feel that although Beijing is not as developed as Manhattan in New York, nor does it have the seascape of Cape Piper in Sydney, Beijing is the political and cultural center of Hua Xia, and the second largest city in Hua Xia. The number of elites there is not much less than that of Shanghai. However, these elites do not have a real elite community, let alone a gathering place for elites like Manhattan. If we build Three Circle Bridge like Beijing's Manhattan, there will definitely be a lot of room for development in the future."

After hearing this, Li Mu felt as if a new window had opened in his heart, and in an instant, his entire person became clear.

Thinking about the future of Three Circle Bridge in his mind, it gave Li Mu a rough feeling that it was a transportation hub, because this place was indeed convenient for transportation in the future, and there was the airport expressway and the airport line directly to the Capital Airport. However, Three Circle Bridge itself had two other business cards, one was business, and the other was foreign.

In terms of business, Three Round Bridge is a very large business center in Beijing. It's a business center, not a business center.

The business center had all kinds of malls, all kinds of places, and all kinds of shopping centers. However, the business center was where a large number of high-end enterprises gathered. Unlike Zhongguancun, which was the place where the world's top 500 companies gathered, Zhongguancun was the birthplace of various Internet-related industries. Zhongguancun's counterattack against Zhongguancun happened after the Internet industry flourished. Therefore, in the next few years, Zhongguancun would not be able to compete with Zhongguancun in terms of business.

In terms of foreign affairs, there were many embassies around Three Yuanqiao. From Three Yuanqiao all the way to Sanlitun, it was densely packed with embassies from all over the world in Hua Xia. It was a gathering place for high-end foreign affairs personnel.

In Li Mu's eyes, the future Three Yuanqiao was a bit of a pity. Although it was a business center, due to the lack of positioning and overall planning, it was gradually replaced by other business centers. As for the business, it could be said that there was no development at all. It had made itself into a "transportation hub" image, and it had wasted so many of its advantages.

If it was still according to the thinking of his previous life, there would not be much development in Three Yuanqiao if it was a high-end residential area. However, Li Mu had a deep feeling about a characteristic of the city's development, and that was that in the process of the city's development, the spark with special potential should not be underestimated. Once the time was right, a spark could start a prairie fire.

For example, Sanlitun. Sanlitun used to be a handicraft wholesale market, but because there were many embassies and foreign affairs personnel around, Sanlitun had its first bar. It became a leisure place for foreigners after work, and it gradually became a bar street. In the end, it became the most fashionable business district in the whole of Beijing.

Another example was Zhongguancun. The reason why Zhongguancun could become the core of the country's Internet industry was because in the 1980s, a group of scientific and technological personnel went to do business there and opened a few private technology companies. Thus, it attracted the government's policies and planned it as a high-tech industrial area. To put it bluntly, in the beginning, it was just a street of electronic accessories. Slowly, it developed into an electronics city, and finally, it developed into Hua Xia's Silicon Valley.

Three Yuanqiao's geographical location was better than Sanlitun and Zhongguancun. There were subways, light rail, third ring road, airport expressway, embassies, and the world's top 500 companies. Not far away, there was also the largest park in Beijing's fourth ring road. It had the potential to become a big fire. All it lacked was a spark.

Immediately, Li Mu said, "Weilan's suggestion is very interesting. Does anyone have any thoughts? Feel free to speak up and let's have a chat."

Chen Ze smacked his lips and said, "Didn't you say that Beijing's high-end residences would be developed north?

Is there enough prospects for developing high-end residences in Three Yuanqiao? "

Li Mu said, "It's a trend for high-end residences to develop north, but trends can be interfered with. If someone told you ten years ago that Sanlitun would become a cultural and entertainment center, would you believe it?"

Dufy smiled and said, "Ten years ago, Sanlitun was just a market. It was as mediocre as Panjiayuan. At that time, the best place in Beijing was the Asian Games Village."

Chen Ze also nodded. "Indeed, ten years ago, no one would have thought that Sanlitun would become like this. If it wasn't for the fact that the embassy area was planned here, Sanlitun wouldn't have become a bar street, and it wouldn't have spawned so many new nightclubs."

Li Mu said, "Actually, this logic also applies to Three Yuanqiao. If we want to turn Three Yuanqiao into Beijing's Manhattan, the first thing we have to do is to hype up the concept of the Three Yuanqiao Business Center. Then, we have to build the first magnet project in Three Yuanqiao, just like the first bar in Sanlitun."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "Everyone, think about it. If we do as Weilan said and build three luxurious, super-luxurious residential areas in Three Yuanqiao, what kind of impact would that have on this area?

If we build seven pieces of land at the same time, then we can use the influence of Makino Technology to continuously promote the future development of Three Yuanqiao. What kind of impact would that bring?

I believe that in a short period of time, Three Yuanqiao will definitely attract the attention of all the people in Beijing. At that time, Three Yuanqiao will definitely become the hottest business district in Beijing. At the same time, it will become one of the first choice for ordinary people to invest in real estate. At that time, this trend will have been successfully guided by us. "

When Song Liang heard this, he thought about it carefully and said in agreement, "If we really guide the trend, commercial real estate companies will definitely target this area with high attention. Not only will they invest in the construction of commercial real estate projects nearby, but other supporting facilities will also quickly follow."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's right. Once the future here is optimistic, once there are high-end elites here, not only will commercial real estate companies target this area, but many other businesses will also focus on this area. Some will open high-end restaurants and entertainment for the elite, some will open high-end sports and fitness places for the elite, and some will open children's day care for the elite. All businesses will do everything possible to provide better services for the elite. In the end, business is concentrated. As long as this trend can be mobilized, the resources of the whole society will continue to flow here."

Dufy said with some excitement, "Li Zong, if it's really like what you said, Three Yuanqiao will completely become popular."

Li Mu said, "I think that as long as we do it properly, in this case, Three Yuanqiao will completely become popular, because its land price will rise, housing prices will rise, office and living costs will rise. In this way, in the future, the threshold for developing commercial offices and residential buildings in Three Yuanqiao will be higher. The threshold for enterprises to enter will also be higher, and the income threshold for people living here will also be higher. Once everything in a certain area is adapted to a high standard, the entire area will definitely become a high-value area. I don't dare to say that Three Yuanqiao will really become Yan Jing's Manhattan, but at least it will become Yan Jing's business center and high-end talent gathering place."

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu in surprise. She didn't expect Li Mu to completely understand her plan so quickly, and even immediately made a more comprehensive and in-depth extension on the basis of her original plan.

Originally, Wei Lan had prepared three sets of plans. There were also two sets of relatively standard real estate development plans. Precisely because they were standard, Wei Lan felt that there was nothing special about those two plans and that there was nothing to write home about.

Building a super luxurious residential project was the most risky one that Wei Lan felt was the most unique and special one. Her thoughts were the same as Li Mu's, which was to first light a fire in Three Yuanqiao and then attract the resources of society, allowing Three Yuanqiao to rise above others.

After being pleasantly surprised, Wei Lan said, "Just like what Li Zong said, if we have the confidence to raise Three Yuanqiao's status and value, then not only will we be able to earn more from these three projects, but we will also be able to earn more from the remaining four plots of land.

Furthermore, we can also make arrangements in advance. For example, before the trend rises, we can first prepare a commercial project near Three Yuanqiao, and we can even build the next Wanying Plaza in Three Yuanqiao. "

Nodding his head, Li Mu praised, "That's a good idea. We can gain the upper hand before the price of land soars. It's just like when we took those six plots of land back then, with the lowest cost and the highest profit."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Aside from that, there's another benefit, which is that the super luxurious residential project will add to Wanying's brand. Once our super luxurious residential project succeeds, it will definitely cause a huge impact in the country. It can let the entire country firmly remember the name Wanying overnight."

…