Chapter 47

"Dad, that Li Mu didn't give me any face at all. You have to avenge me no matter what!"

That night, Guo Yuhang was at home, hysterically yelling at his father who was the mine manager.

Although Guo Lin doted on his son, after listening to what happened, he felt that it was nothing more than an argument. He waved his hand helplessly and said, "Alright, I'm the manager of a mine after all. You can't expect me to help you teach a child who's only eighteen or nineteen years old a lesson, right?

Can't you just find a few people outside to solve this kind of problem? "

"I'm not asking you to help me teach him a lesson!" Guo Yuhang clenched his teeth and emphasized the word "him" very clearly.

After saying that, Guo Yuhang's face darkened. "Of course I'll teach him a lesson. You have to help me fire his parents from the mine!"

Guo Lin couldn't help but frown. "Yuhang, the conflicts between you kids shouldn't escalate to the family level. Your old man doesn't have it easy in this position either. Many people want me out of this position. Your old man can bear the consequences to help you earn more money than you can spend in a lifetime, but I can't bear the consequences to help you do such a childish thing. Do you know how many people can't understand a state-owned mine manager firing two state-owned employees for no reason? Do you know how many people will gossip behind his back?"

The reason why the workers of state-owned enterprises treated their jobs as iron rice bowls was because they were really reliable. As long as they didn't make a huge mistake that couldn't be fixed, it was impossible to fire them. Firing an employee for no reason was equivalent to destroying someone's rice bowl in front of thousands of workers in the mine. It was too hateful.

Guo Yuhang's mother, Xue Guilan, who was sitting at the side, also tried to comfort him. "Yuhang, these days, even the mayor doesn't dare to fire a state-owned enterprise's worker for no reason, let alone a mine manager. You're going to offend all the workers."

Xue Guilan was the Vice President of the West Ridge Coal Mine Association. She understood the workers in the mine too well. It was easy for them to get agitated when something unfair happened. For the past two years, the West Ridge Coal Mine had not been doing well, and their wages had not been paid for months. More than a thousand workers went to the city center to block the road for a sit-in, completely paralyzing the traffic. Even the Municipal Party Secretary was alarmed.

Guo Yuhang stomped his feet and said, "Dad, Mom, I've already asked around. That girl's name is Su Yingxue. Her father is the deputy director of our city's Public Security Bureau, Su Weimin. The day I went to the driving school to register, I fell in love with her at first glance. But that Li Mu not only flirted with her, but also embarrassed me in front of her. How am I going to raise my head in front of her in the future?"

"Su Weimin's daughter?"

Guo Lin squinted his eyes and looked at his son. He thought to himself, I know my disappointing son very well. He fooled around outside all day long and never took things seriously. Not only did he fall in love at such a young age, he even slept with a girl who graduated from the technical school in the mine some time ago. The girl's parents came looking for him, and Guo Lin had to spend tens of thousands to settle the matter.

Guo Lin did not object to his son dating, but in his opinion, he needed to have a good eye. What kind of future could he have if he hooked up with a girl in the mine?

Now, his son had fallen in love with Su Weimin's daughter. Su Weimin was only forty-one years old, but he was already the deputy director of the city's public security bureau. Although he was the third in command, he was young and would be promoted sooner or later. Once he was promoted, he could even become the deputy mayor in charge of police affairs in two years. Such a political background was quite impressive in Hai Zhou.

In comparison, Guo Lin, the mine manager, paled in comparison. He did not have a political background, but he had some connections in the mining group. However, the mining group was in Peng City, so he basically had no political foundation in Hai Zhou.

If his son could get together with Su Weimin's daughter, it would be great news!

Therefore, Guo Lin asked with interest, "What else did you find out?"

"I also found out that she applied to Yanjing's Renmin University this year."

"Oh," Guo Lin smacked his lips, "She's going to university in the blink of an eye. Why are you wasting your effort?"

"I also want to go to university in Yanjing!"

Guo Yuhang blurted out almost without thinking.

Guo Lin and his wife Xue Guilan looked at each other. The two of them had always wanted Guo Yuhang to go to university. Even if he scored less than two hundred points in the college entrance examination, Guo Lin still wanted to spend money to send him to a diploma mill. On the one hand, he wanted his son to go out and gain some knowledge. On the other hand, the mine manager's son dropped out of high school.

However, Guo Yuhang had always been very resistant to going to university. The reason was very simple. He was a standard second generation in Hai Zhou. Although he could not be said to be powerful, he had a certain network. Not only did everyone give him some face, there were also many girls waiting for him to pamper them. But once he went to another city, how could he have such a foundation?

However, Guo Yuhang had actually decided to go to university in Yanjing because of Su Yingxue, whom he had only met once. This made Guo Lin and his wife very excited in the National People's Congress. They had been trying their best to persuade him, but there was no result. Today, because of a girl, his son changed his mind.

Guo Lin immediately said excitedly, "Going to Yanjing is good!

There are many private universities in Yanjing. Dad will choose the one closest to Renmin University for you. Don't worry. As long as you go to Yanjing, Dad will first buy you a suite in Yanjing and a car. Then you can slowly pursue that Su Xue. "

"Su Yingxue!"

"Yes, Su Yingxue!"

At this time, Xue Guilan immediately echoed, "When you go to Yanjing, you will have a car and a house at the age of 19. Which girl can't you pursue?

At that time, Dad and Mom will give you enough pocket money, enough for all your expenses in Yanjing! "

Xue Guilan knew that her son would definitely not be able to withstand the sugar-coated bullets if she tried her best. Moreover, her family was indeed very well-off. Not to mention the tens of millions of hidden family assets, just the hundreds of thousands of tons of thermal coal sold by Xiling Coal Mine from last year until now had benefited her family a few million yuan. Moreover, she only had one son in the family, so naturally, she would give him enough money.

Guo Yuhang was immediately tempted and blurted out, "Then I want a Toyota Crown, the 155,000 Jubilee Edition. I want the highest specification!"

Guo Lin calculated for a while. The highest specification Toyota Crown was only 600,000 to 700,000 yuan. Although it sounded scary, it was not a problem for his family. If Guo Yuhang wanted to buy such a car in Haizhou, Guo Lin would never agree to it. However, there was nothing to worry about in Yanjing.

Therefore, Guo Lin said, "Sure, as long as you are willing to go to school in Yanjing, I will buy you the Toyota Crown you want and a suite near Renmin University!"

Guo Yuhang was very excited, but he did not forget about Li Mu. He blurted out, "What about Li Mu's matter?

We can't let him go so easily. It's best if we make him unable to go to university and keep him away from Su Yingxue. If we don't solve his problem, I won't go to school in Yanjing! "

Xue Guilan saw that her son finally had the thought of going to university, so she had to maintain his enthusiasm no matter what. Therefore, she thought for a while and said to Guo Lin, "They are both employees, so firing them for no reason definitely won't work. Why don't we just let them be laid off at the end of the month!"

"Laid off …" Guo Lin pondered for a while. The Xiling Coal Mine was in the midst of a wave of layoffs. There were two waves of layoffs planned for this year and another wave at the beginning of next year. When the coal mine decreased production and dried up, more than half of the workers would be laid off. As a mine manager, he would not pay attention to the list of laid off workers. However, for ordinary workers like Li Mu's parents, even without them in this batch, they would still be laid off at the end of the year or the beginning of next year, right?

Xue Guilan saw that Guo Lin had started to think about it and knew that he was already thinking about it. She quickly added fuel to the fire. "Firing is too eye-catching, but being laid off is different. These days, as long as it is not a leadership position, it is not surprising for anyone to be laid off. No one will gossip about it."

Guo Lin immediately nodded after hearing what his wife said. "Your guild is in charge of this. You can handle this."

"Sure." Xue Guilan immediately said, "I will arrange it."

Guo Yuhang felt much better and was full of pride. He could not help but look forward to learning driving with Li Mu and Su Yingxue in the future. If Li Mu knew that his parents were laid off because he had angered Guo Yuhang, how would he feel?

Just thinking about it made him excited!

Also, Guo Yuhang suddenly started to look forward to going to Beijing.

If Li Mu knew about this and combined it with the situation in his previous life, he would be able to speculate that the reason why Guo Yuhang went to Beijing in his previous life was most likely because of Su Yingxue. It was most likely that Guo Yuhang met Su Yingxue at the driving school and went to Beijing to pursue her.

However, although Guo Yuhang did not manage to pursue Su Yingxue in his previous life, it was precisely because he went to Beijing that his father, Guo Lin, kept buying houses and land for him in Beijing. Although he did not pursue Su Yingxue, it was also because of Su Yingxue that he was able to catch up with the rapid rise of Beijing's housing prices. A few years later, his net worth easily exceeded 100 million.