Chapter 117

"Rebirth to a Perfect Era" is going to be published.

First of all, I would like to thank Qidian, a big platform, for sending lovely readers to this book. I would also like to thank Qidian for giving "No Song" the opportunity to showcase this book. I would also like to thank the editor-in-chief of Qidian, Yisuo, for giving affirmation to this book, giving countless good suggestions to this book, and giving "No Song" the motivation to go this far. I bow, thank you!

It has been more than two months since the book was uploaded on January 11th. In these two months, "No Song" has not stopped updating for a day. A total of 115 chapters, almost 330,000 words, have been uploaded.

Looking back, during this period, "No Song" has given almost all of his spare time to this book, to Li Mu, and to every character in the book. During this period, he has also experienced hesitation, pessimism, and hesitation. Like most authors, he would get stuck and feel exhausted, but after all, writing is his hobby. So, more than two months of pain and happiness made "No Song" feel very worthwhile.

In the past two months, "No Song" has read every comment in the comment section. All the readers who have tipped this book, "No Song" has silently remembered their names in his heart, as well as those who have constantly used recommendation votes to support this book. Although he does not know their names, "No Song's heart has never been less grateful.

Thank you!

It is your support that allowed "No Song" to persist until now;

It is your support that gives "No Song" a stronger motivation than yesterday;

It is your support that allows "Rebirth to a Perfect Era" to go further and further!

So, thank you again!

Today, "Rebirth in the Perfect Era" will be on the shelves. For the author, being on the shelves is a hurdle, because after being on the shelves, subsequent works will start to charge fees. Some readers may complain, but to be honest, many writers enter this industry, the biggest motivation is to make money and support their families, and Buji is no exception.

"No Song's work itself is very tiring, but in order to have better economic conditions, he has sacrificed most of his spare time to write. If this book has touched you at some point, I hope that you can give" No Song "the greatest support by subscribing to the original version.

The original version of Qidian only costs a few cents per thousand words. I believe that most people can afford it. Moreover, the original version is more efficient, the layout is cleaner, and the content is not wrong. The reading experience is very good. Compared to its price, it is very worth it.

Finally, thank you for your company. Your subscription is the greatest recognition of "No Song"'s efforts; your subscription is the greatest motivation for "No Song" to move forward!

Thank you again!

"No Song"