Chapter 971

The villa in Ziyun Villa was indeed very meaningful to Wei Lan.

In the past, it was her beloved item. When her family encountered an accident, she had no choice but to sell the villa for cash. However, after selling this beloved item, it brought even more incredible chemistry to Wei Lan's life.

She and Li Mu got to know each other because of this villa, and the accident that happened to her family back then was resolved because she got to know Li Mu. She also settled down in Beijing and became an employee of the company that Li Mu owned.

For Wei Lan, she was filled with feelings for this villa, but she didn't feel the slightest bit of reluctance or regret. It was because she had given up this villa that she received so many surprises later on, and even found herself a sweetheart.

Of course, being kidnapped by Song Zhilei was an accident, and Wei Lan had never counted that danger into her gains and losses after getting to know Li Mu.

For others, everyone knew that Li Mu and Wei Lan only got to know each other because of the transaction of this villa. However, no one was clear about the specific details. Therefore, when everyone was chatting in the living room after touring the villa, the youngest Du Wei asked Li Mu, "Big Brother Li Mu, how did you and Big Sister Wei Lan get to know each other?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "We bought this house. She's the seller, and I'm the buyer."

Du Wei said, "Isn't that a one-off transaction?

After the transaction, there shouldn't be any more interactions, right? "

Li Mu said, "That might be the case under normal circumstances, but we're a bit special."

Du Wei pouted and deliberately said with a mischievous expression, "I think you must think that Big Sister Wei Lan is pretty, so you purposely kept in touch with her after buying the villa, right?"

Du Wei didn't know much about Wei Lan, nor did she know about Juncheng Real Estate. The reason why she asked such a question was simply because she felt that Wei Lan was too beautiful. She suspected that her Big Brother Li Mu was not buying a house and was actually chasing after a girl. She deliberately asked this question because she was curious.

In front of so many people, Du Wei's joking question didn't make Li Mu feel awkward, but Wei Lan was a bit embarrassed. She hurriedly said, "Xiao Wei, your Big Brother Li Mu isn't that kind of person."

As she spoke, Wei Lan explained in detail, "The reason why we still kept in touch later was because I encountered some financial difficulties at that time and was anxious to sell this villa. However, because I poured too much effort into this villa, I set a relatively high price, and no one was determined to buy it. At that time, your Big Brother Li Mu was rich and overbearing, so he bought it without paying a single cent. I felt that I owed him a favor, so when I came to Beijing for business, I wanted to treat him to a meal. After that, we became friends."

Du Wei was surprised for a long time, then carefully asked, "Big Sister Wei Lan, did Big Brother Li Mu decide to buy this villa without paying a single cent after meeting you?"

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "Of course not. That's why I said that your Big Brother Li Mu isn't that kind of person. At that time, I was in Shanghai and didn't have time to come over. The house was entrusted to a real estate agent. After your Big Brother Li Mu saw the house, he directly confirmed with the real estate agent that he wanted the house and paid the deposit. Then, I rushed over from Shanghai to sign the contract and transfer the ownership. That was the first time we met."

This time, the way Du Wei looked at Li Mu was different. She gave Li Mu a thumbs up and said, "Big Brother Li Mu, you're really a good person!"

Li Mu teased her, "What's wrong? Why did you suddenly give me a good person card?"

Du Wei looked puzzled. "What's a good person card?"

Li Mu explained with a smile, "A man confesses to a woman, but the woman says, 'You're a good person, but we're not suitable for each other.' This man was given a good person card …"

As he said this, Li Mu added, "So don't casually say that someone is a good person. It sounds awkward."

This was the first time everyone had heard of the term "good person card." After listening to Li Mu's words and thinking about it carefully, they all felt that this term was very interesting and very down-to-earth. They all laughed out loud.

Song Liang said with a smile, "If you say so, when I pursued your sister-in-law, she gave me a lot of good person cards. Every time I confessed to her, she said, 'You're a good person, but I can't be with you …'"

Song Liang's wife said with a smile, "At that time, you were like a gangster all day long. How could I dare to fall in love with you …"

Chen Ze was interested and asked her, "Sister-in-law, how did Brother Liang pursue you before?"

Song Liang's wife said, "He dressed like a popular gangster at that time every day, holding a bunch of roses and robbing me downstairs. I couldn't run away when I met him. Later, I asked the school security for help and drove him out of our school. Later, our school security knew him and didn't let him enter any door. I finally had a few days of peace. It was just a few days. Within a week, he climbed over the wall and entered our school every day. Later, he was chased by our school security team and ran half of the school."

Chen Ze teased Song Liang, "Brother Liang, you really worked hard to pursue your sister-in-law."

Song Liang raised his eyebrows and said, "I tell you, if you want to pursue a girl, you have to hold a shameless belief. First, you are not afraid of death. Second, you are not afraid of being ugly. As long as you can do this, there is almost no girl in the world that you can't conquer."

The women were stunned. Dufy looked at Song Liang in a daze and sighed, "Brother Liang, I didn't expect you to have such a scary side."

Song Liang said, "What's so scary about it? Don't you women like persistent men?"

Dufy said subconsciously, "He has to feel it. If he doesn't feel it, no matter how persistent he is, it's meaningless."

As soon as Dufy said this, Li Mu caught a glimpse of Chen Ze's expression from the corner of his eye. He was embarrassed for a second, and then he immediately returned to normal. However, Song Liang's wife was very discerning. When she saw this, she immediately changed the topic and said, "You're talking about something else. Didn't you just ask how Li Mu and Weilan met?"

Li Mu was afraid that no one could stop Song Liang's wife. Even if there was half a second of silence, Chen Ze, with his character, must be very hurt. Therefore, Li Mu immediately took over the topic without any pause and said with a smile, "Yes, speaking of the process of me and Weilan's meeting, it's actually fate. After buying the house, we did go our separate ways. She was in a hurry to go to the airport to take a plane back to Shanghai, and I also had my own things to do. After we parted ways, I finished a small matter and turned around to come back. I found that she was still waiting for a taxi on the side of the road. She had been waiting for a long time, but she didn't get a taxi. I saw her anxious face, so I sent her to the airport in style."

Weilan also nodded and said, "Yes, in fact, I feel that I owe you a favor. Part of the reason is that you gave me a ride at that time. Otherwise, I might not have been able to catch the plane back to Shanghai that day."

Song Liang said with a smile, "Fortunately, you turned around and met Weilan. Otherwise, our Wanying Real Estate would have lost a general, and a super beauty who is famous throughout the industry."

Li Mu laughed and changed the topic with two sentences with Song Liang. At this time, Li Ziwei just came in and said politely to everyone, "Li Zong, everyone, it's time to eat."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Oh, I'm hungry. I can finally start eating. Let's go out."

As soon as Song Liang's son heard that he could eat, he was so happy that he danced with joy. He pulled his father with one hand and his mother with the other and was about to go out. As he walked, he said, "Mom, mom, I'm hungry too. I want to eat meat!"

So everyone stood up and walked out one after another. Li Mu walked in the middle of the crowd. Weilan gently pulled the corner of Li Mu's clothes and whispered, "Can I ask you something?"

Li Mu nodded and deliberately slowed down his pace. He let the others go out first while he and Weilan slowly walked at the back.

When there was enough distance between them, Weilan asked Li Mu in a low voice, "How is Song Zhilei?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "He had his leg amputated. He's now recovering in the Public Security Hospital. When he's almost recovered, he'll be locked up in the detention center."

As he said this, Li Mu added, "Song Zhilei has completely failed this time. He'll definitely be sentenced to life imprisonment. At the very least, he'll have to drag this broken leg and stay in prison for more than 20 years. He might really stay for the rest of his life."

He thought that Weilan would be happy to hear this news, but he didn't expect that Weilan would suddenly be a little stunned.

Li Mu asked her, "What's wrong with you?"

Weilan pursed her lips for a long time. She faintly felt that she couldn't bear it, but she also felt that if she showed it in front of Li Mu, Li Mu would definitely be quite disappointed with her. Thus, she sighed softly and said, "Nothing. I just feel a little emotional. I don't know what will happen to his wife and children in the future."

Li Mu sneered and shook his head. "You don't have to worry about his wife and children. If his wife knows how to run a family, the property Song Zhilei left behind is enough for her to live a stable life with her children for the rest of her life. Even if she can't live a lifetime, it's enough for her to raise her children. There are more than a billion people in Hua Xia, and I'm afraid there are no more than tens of millions of people who have this kind of economic foundation, right?

They're already living better than most people. As for the three children losing their father, it's Song Zhilei's fault. It's not something we need to worry about. "

Weilan was stunned for a moment. She felt that what Li Mu said was right. Even if Song Zhilei lost a lot of money in Juncheng Real Estate, the cash and all kinds of real estate were at least tens of millions or even hundreds of millions. His wife and three children could live very well no matter where they went. They were much better than most people, so there was really nothing for her to worry about.

Thinking of this, Weilan's heart couldn't bear it and her melancholy eased a lot. She pursed her lips and looked at Li Mu. She felt a little ashamed of her foolishness. After a long time, she said, "I'm sorry to disappoint you."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "I'm not disappointed at all. Not only am I not disappointed, but I've always been proud of you."

As he said that, Li Mu snapped his fingers and said with a smile, "Okay, these are all in the past. Let's go out and eat."