Chapter 722

Song Zhilei completely gave in. He didn't want to act tough anymore, and he didn't want to be mean anymore. He just wanted money. He didn't want to wait until the bank liquidated Juncheng Real Estate and lose the 20% shares in his hands.

Since he gave in, Li Mu's first goal was achieved. He gestured to Wei Lan to stop her from talking, and he asked her softly, "Who are you calling?"

Wei Lan understood and said, "It's still that Song Zhilei."

Li Mu was angry and scolded, "Why is it still that idiot?

Give me the phone, I'll talk to him! "

With that, Li Mu picked up the phone and asked coldly, "Song Zhilei, right? What do you mean by pestering my woman repeatedly?

Did you ignore what I said just now? "

Song Zhilei hurriedly said in a low voice, "Li Zong, don't misunderstand. I'm calling to apologize to Wei Lan. It was my fault just now. I deserve to die."

Li Mu asked him, "Are you done apologizing?"

Song Zhilei hurriedly said, "Yes."

Li Mu threatened him word by word, "Since you're done apologizing, from today on, if you dare to call her again or harass her in any way, I won't forgive you!

Remember what I said! "

Li Mu said as if he was going to hang up the phone. Song Zhilei hurriedly said, "Li Zong, Li Zong, please don't hang up the phone."

"What else do you want?" Li Mu's voice was already very impatient.

Song Zhilei begged, "Li Zong, I want to ask if you're interested in buying the remaining 20% shares of Juncheng Real Estate …"

"I'm not interested. Goodbye." Li Mu still looked very impatient.

Song Zhilei hurriedly said, "Li Zong, don't be in such a hurry to hang up. I'm willing to transfer 20% of my shares to you at half of Wei Lan's valuation. If you're interested …"

Li Mu coldly interrupted, "I'm not interested!"

After that, Li Mu hung up the phone rudely.

As soon as he hung up, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "If he calls again, refuse to pick up. Then text him back and tell him not to call again. You really can't help him, and he'll definitely beg you again. Pretend to be in a difficult position, but you don't have the heart to do so. Agree to help him plead with me, but make it clear to him that it's impossible to buy it with a valuation of 500 million. Even if I'm willing to buy it, don't put too much hope in the valuation."

Wei Lan nodded.

Just as Li Mu said, Song Zhilei had no intention of giving up at all. He didn't dare to call Wei Lan immediately, so he switched to texting and continued to plead for Wei Lan's help to save his life. Wei Lan only replied after more than ten minutes, "Alright, I'll find a chance to talk to him. However, it's impossible for you to acquire him with a valuation of 500 million. He doesn't think that Juncheng will be able to pull through this time."

Song Zhilei saw Wei Lan's message and didn't doubt it at all. He felt that Wei Lan had no reason to lie to him. Right now, Wei Lan had nothing to do with Juncheng Real Estate. Li Mu's Wanying Real Estate was the company's major shareholder, and he was the second largest shareholder. With the contract that Li Mu gave her, Wei Lan could sleep peacefully and enjoy Wanying Real Estate's high salary while waiting for the money to come in three years.

So, Song Zhilei gritted his teeth and replied, "It's fine if the valuation is a little lower. I don't want to continue wasting time on this matter. How about 300 million?"

After a long time, Wei Lan replied, "You're playing with me, aren't you?

When you forced me to sell my shares to Lan Ke, you said that Lan Ke gave you a valuation of 150 million. Now you're asking Li Mu for 300 million. Are you asking me to help you trick him?

You should find a chance to tell him this yourself. I can't say it. "

Song Zhilei wanted to slap himself.

When he threatened and tempted Wei Lan, he told Wei Lan that Lan Ke Group was willing to buy his shares at a valuation of 150 million, but that was under the condition that Wei Lan also agreed to sell. This meant that he had already expressed to Wei Lan a long time ago that he was willing to sell at a valuation of 150 million.

However, how could he be willing to sell at a valuation of 150 million!

The agreement he reached with the other party in private was to sell at a valuation of 500 million, plus real estate shares. But how could he tell this to Wei Lan?

Wei Lan was already giving him face by reluctantly helping to pass the message. If he angered her again, this matter would be completely impossible.

Song Zhilei covered his face and didn't respond for a long time. Seeing this, his wife couldn't help but ask him, "What's wrong?

Why don't you reply to her? "

Song Zhilei sighed. His expression was uglier than crying. "What should I say?

Should I say that I'm willing to sell my shares at a valuation of 150 million?

How much money is that? It's just 30 million! "

Song Zhilei's wife was anxious and asked him, "Who else would give you this 30 million other than Li?

Not to mention 30 million, if Juncheng is doomed to die, I'm afraid no one will buy it even if it's 3 million. Whoever buys it will lose their hands. In my opinion, it's already not bad to be able to sell it for 30 million!

The sooner you sell it, the better! "

"I …" Song Zhilei was speechless.

30 million in exchange for 20% of his shares. The speed at which his assets shrank was even faster than the speed at which the demolition team demolished the house. After struggling for so many years, in the end, he was only able to get 30 million and get out of the game dejectedly. Song Zhilei was extremely unconvinced, but his wife's words made him instantly realize that Juncheng Real Estate was in a dead end. Wei Lan had left, and with Lan Ke eyeing him covetously from behind, he couldn't hold on at all. In the end, he definitely wouldn't be able to get a single cent back.

Song Zhilei's heart was extremely unwilling. With the mentality of treating a dead horse as a living horse, he said, "I'll call Wang Runqing and ask him again!"

Song Zhilei's wife didn't say much. One more question meant more hope. Even if she was rejected, there was no loss.

Song Zhilei immediately took out his phone and called Wang Runqing. Wang Runqing hesitated for a moment before answering the phone. He asked him coldly, "What's the matter?"

"Hello, CEO Wang. I called to talk to you about Juncheng shares. I wonder if you're interested in taking over?

I want to … "

Wang Runqing didn't have the patience to listen to him finish. He said coldly, "Scram!"

Then, he hung up the phone.

To Wang Runqing, Song Zhilei had lost all his value. At this time, he still hoped that he would pay for it. Was his brain kicked by a donkey?

"This Wang Runqing is really a f * cking bastard!"

Song Zhilei didn't expect Wang Runqing to use such a heartless method to directly reject him. His heart suddenly fell to the bottom of the valley. It seemed that Wang Runqing was polite to him and treated him as a distinguished guest because he wanted to use him to force Wei Lan to submit. Now that Wei Lan had left, he had lost his value in his eyes.

Song Zhilei's wife comforted him, "Since he's a b * stard, then don't bother about him. Hurry up and focus on Wei Lan. She's the only one who can help us now. That Li guy is willing to spend 800 million on her. If Wei Lan speaks up for us, that Li guy can also spend tens of millions on us for her!"

"That's right."

Song Zhilei agreed with his wife's words very much. To ask Li Mu to buy his shares, to put it bluntly, was to let Li Mu spend money. What did he have to do to deserve it?

The only one who had this face was Wei Lan, who made Li Mu spend 800 million!

So, Song Zhilei gritted his teeth, made up his mind, and replied to Wei Lan, "150 million it is. If Li Zong is willing, I can go over and sign the contract with him at any time. But please tell Li Zong that it's only 30 million. I hope that it can be settled immediately after the contract is signed. This amount of money can be taken out from his pocket money. For our family, this is a life-saving money."

Wei Lan only replied with four words, "I'll ask."

After replying to the message, Wei Lan couldn't bear it in her heart. She said to Li Mu, "He has already lowered himself to this point. Don't force him anymore. Will the money be taken out of my 800 million?"

Li Mu didn't comment and asked her, "Your heart softened?"

Wei Lan pursed her lips for a moment, then sighed softly, "He is quite hateful, but he has invested almost all of his assets in it. Not for him, but it can be considered as leaving some insurance for his family. I've met all three of his children, and they still call me auntie."

Li Mu smiled, waved his hand, and said, "You can be soft-hearted, but I won't be merciful. Tell him that I only accept 100 million. If he accepts it, then fly over to Beijing tomorrow to sign the contract. If he doesn't accept it, then don't call me again. This is my only offer, and it's only valid until tomorrow."

Wei Lan was helpless. She nodded and said, "Alright, I'll tell him now."

…

Song Zhilei trembled as he looked at his phone. He seemed to have aged more than ten years in an instant. As if he had lost all his strength, he sank into the sofa and said with a dull expression, "Li Mu is only willing to pay 20 million …"

"20 million isn't a small amount. It's better than having nothing at all."

Although Song Zhilei's wife's heart was bleeding, she still tried to persuade Song Zhilei to accept it. She didn't have much ambition, so she knew how to quickly cut her losses. Instead of suffering in despair like this, it was better to quickly exchange for 20 million in cash. Otherwise, if he hesitated any longer, the 20 million would be gone, and then he would really be finished!

Based on their current assets, if they didn't want to live so hard in the future, they could only sell the villa in Australia. Only then would they be able to support the expenses of the entire family, as well as the expenses of the villa in Shanghai. However, if they could get the 20 million, then they wouldn't have to worry about buying a property. With the 20 million, they might even be able to make a comeback.

After listening to his wife's analysis, Song Zhilei was silent for a while. He had basically made a decision in his heart.

His wife was right. There were two outcomes for the 20% shares. One was zero, and the other was 20 million. There was no third choice. If he hesitated any longer, then he was afraid that the 20 million option would be gone. After all, Li Mu only gave him one day's time!

Thus, Song Zhilei let out a long sigh and sent a message to Wei Lan dejectedly, "I accept!

Please tell Li Zong that I'll bring my lawyer to Beijing tomorrow morning to sign the contract with him. "

Wei Lan also sighed, but she recalled Li Mu's words: You can be soft-hearted, but I won't be merciful. Then, she recalled Song Zhilei's actions after Juncheng's accident and couldn't help but feel ashamed of her soft-heartedness. Then, she gently shook her head, sat up straight, and replied to Song Zhilei with her fingertip, "Alright."