Chapter 596

Wang Yanan was unwilling to leave the hospital. After apologizing to everyone, she asked Hu Zhengdao to accompany everyone out for a meal, while she stayed in front of the operating room to wait. After the meal, everyone hurried back to the hospital to wait. This group of people were all in their twenties. After experiencing Wang Yanan's mother's illness from being diagnosed, to being critically ill several times, to finally being able to undergo a kidney transplant, it was also the first time they realized the cruelty and preciousness of life. At this moment, everyone was waiting for the good news to come from the tightly shut doors of the operating room.

In the process of waiting, Li Mu received a call from Hong Kong. A woman who claimed to be called Chen Shufen told Li Mu that she was Zhang Guorong's manager. She knew that Zhang Guorong had already agreed to come to China to promote 3321, and she was very supportive of it. The purpose of the call was to confirm the specific itinerary with Li Mu.

Li Mu had heard of Chen Shufen's name before. It seemed that not only Zhang Guorong, but even Mei Yanfang and Zhang Xueyou had also been groomed by her. She was a very famous manager in Hong Kong's entertainment industry, and she especially favored Zhang Guorong.

Chen Shufen said that this time, not only would she accompany Zhang Guorong, but she would also accompany him the entire time. Other than that, she also told Li Mu an important piece of news. Zhang Guorong's best friend, the big sister of Hong Kong's music industry, Mei Yanfang, would also accompany Zhang Guorong to China. Mei Yanfang also hoped that she could publicly accompany Zhang Guorong to be the ambassador for 3321's scholarships.

Li Mu naturally knew about Mei Yanfang's fame. After hearing this news, the entire National People's Congress was shocked. They couldn't understand why a big star like Mei Yanfang would take the initiative to help 3321 with charity. Under Li Mu's curiosity, Chen Shufen said, "Anita and Leslie are best friends. To tell you the truth, Anita knows that he has depression and has been trying to console him. She hopes that he can let go of his troubles in Hong Kong and go out to relax. When she heard that he agreed to come to China with you, Anita was overjoyed. She turned down a lot of things and insisted on accompanying Leslie to China. She also hopes to be the ambassador for 3321 with Leslie and give him the most direct support. That's why she asked me to ask for your opinion. If you guys don't agree, it's okay. She will accompany Leslie privately as a friend."

After hearing this, Li Mu couldn't help but feel touched. In the past, he had only read some reports saying that Mei Yanfang and Zhang Guorong were very close, but he didn't expect them to be this close. Just like what Chen Shufen said, Mei Yanfang knew that Zhang Guorong had depression. For him, she was willing to turn down her own work and accompany him to China to do charity and relax. It was enough to show how close they were. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that they were best friends.

Li Mu remembered some rumors about Mei Yanfang. Some reports said that Zhang Guorong's suicide was a huge blow to Mei Yanfang. It was even one of the main reasons why her cancer had accelerated. From the looks of it, these rumors weren't groundless.

Li Mu didn't know when Mei Yanfang was diagnosed with cancer, but she passed away after Zhang Guorong, which meant that there was at least a year left. If she had been diagnosed with cancer earlier and received treatment, perhaps this celebrity, who was known as the daughter of Hong Kong, wouldn't have died so early.

Thinking of this, Li Mu said to Chen Shufen, "Ms. Chen, please tell Ms. Mei Yanfang that I represent 3321 to express our sincerest gratitude to her. We also welcome her to join 3321's charity work."

Chen Shufen immediately smiled and said, "That's great. I'll call her now and tell her that we will go to China together next week."

Li Mu said, "Alright, Ms. Chen, let's meet in Beijing then."

"See you in Beijing."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu quickly dialed Dong Ai's number. Previously, he only told her that Zhang Guorong would be joining. This time, Mei Yanfang was also joining. He reckoned that as the main person in charge of 3321, she would be very excited when she heard the news.

When Li Mu told Dong Ai the news over the phone, as Li Mu expected, Dong Ai screamed excitedly on the other end of the phone.

Dong Ai screamed for a long time. Li Mu's eardrums were hurting from the vibration. Only then did she stop screaming and ask Li Mu excitedly, "Are you kidding me?

Mei Yanfang is really coming with Zhang Guorong? "

Li Mu nodded. "I just received a call from Zhang Guorong's manager. I've confirmed it with her."

"Oh my god!" Dong Ai's voice was trembling. "Mei Yanfang is my idol!

Oh my god!

Doesn't this mean that I have a chance to have intimate contact with my idol? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course, this is what Mei Yanfang asked for. But she might not be like Zhang Guorong and 3321 for a long time. I reckon that after accompanying Zhang Guorong to a few activities, she will return to Hong Kong."

Dong Ai blurted out, "Then I'm satisfied!

I'll communicate with the team right now and revise our student-aid activity plan! "

Li Mu said, "Okay, try to arrange everything well. When the time comes, you will be the main person in charge. I won't be joining you."

A thought flashed through Li Mu's mind. If Mei Yanfang really came to Yanjing, he definitely wouldn't talk to her about cancer. Besides, it was still unknown whether she really had cancer. Li Mu's idea was to wait for Mei Yanfang to come to Yanjing and arrange for her and Zhang Guorong to participate in a few activities together. Then, he would let Dong Ai come forward as the person in charge of 3321. With a serious and responsible attitude towards the two celebrities, he would arrange for them to undergo a comprehensive physical examination in a big hospital. After all, the places they were going to study in were poor and remote areas. The conditions there were much worse than their usual living standards. They would more or less not be used to it. He believed that they wouldn't reject the comprehensive and systematic physical examination arranged by 3321.

…

At 5: 40 in the afternoon, the lights in the operating room went off. The first person to come out of the operating room was a female nurse. As soon as she opened the door, a group of people surrounded her. However, no one said anything. Only Wang Yanan asked nervously, "How was the surgery?"

The nurse said, "The surgery was very successful. However, the patient's body is very weak. She hasn't woken up yet. She will be transferred to the ICU immediately. You can't visit her for now."

Hearing that the surgery was very successful, everyone let out a sigh of relief. Wang Yanan completely relaxed and threw herself into Hu Zhengdao's arms. She cried tears of joy. The huge stone that had been pressing on her heart for many days finally disappeared at this moment. The nightmare that had been haunting her for a long time also disappeared completely.

Not long after, Wang Yanan's mother was pushed directly into the ICU by the doctor and the nurse. The nurse stopped them from going forward, so everyone could only watch from afar.

After the patient was sent into the ICU, everyone comforted Wang Yanan. It was a happy occasion when the surgery was successful. At this time, they didn't laugh heartily, but they didn't cry.

Several girls, including Zhao Ziqiu, came forward to hug Wang Yanan gently. One by one, they whispered in her ear. Wang Yanan's tears gradually stopped, and a smile gradually appeared on her face.

Li Mu clapped his hands and said, "Let's celebrate tonight. Yanan, you should join us. We didn't have lunch at noon, so we can't skip dinner."

Wang Yanan subconsciously wanted to refuse and stay in the hospital. Hu Zhengdao, who was next to her, whispered, "Let's go eat something first. We won't see Auntie for a while. It's not a good idea for you to stay here all the time. You have to eat something first."

Wang Yanan nodded gently. Li Mu quickly struck while the iron was hot. "There's a roast whole lamb nearby. I think it's good. Let's drink and eat meat tonight. We won't go home until we're drunk."

The others enthusiastically responded. Wang Yanan said softly, "I won't drink with you guys. I have to hurry to the hospital after dinner."

Hu Zhengdao said, "I won't drink either. I'll come with Yanan later."

Han Xiaoxiao said, "Zhengdao, you've been busy for so long. Drink with them tonight and then go back to the dorm to rest. I'll accompany Yanan at the hospital tonight."

Hu Zhengdao wanted to decline, but Li Yawei interrupted, "You really have to look in the mirror and see how decadent you look. Your beard is messy, your eyes are bloodshot, and your hair hasn't been washed for days.

Let Xiaoxiao accompany Yanan tonight. Don't think about anything else. Drink with us. If you drink too much, go back to the dorm and sleep. If you're in a good state, we'll find a place to take a bath and have a massage to relax. "

Han Xiaoxiao laughed and scolded, "Li Yawei, don't you dare go to those improper places!"

Li Yawei hurriedly said, "Wife, don't misunderstand me. I'm talking about a proper bath center. It's the Golden Beach in front of our school. Even the massage technicians there are male. If you don't believe me, you can ask Mu Ge."

Li Mu had gone there once or twice with them. It was indeed a very simple and proper bath center. He nodded and said, "Xiaoxiao, don't worry. The place that Yawei is talking about is probably the most proper bath center in the whole of Yanjing."

Seeing that Li Mu had come out to vouch for her, Han Xiaoxiao was relieved. She said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, to be honest, I trust you the most in your dorm."

Sun Jian couldn't help but say, "Sister-in-law, you're wrong. Everyone in our dorm is a gentleman. Everyone is trustworthy."

Han Xiaoxiao purposely snorted and said, "That's not necessarily true."

As she said that, she didn't forget to look at Xue Jianfeng with dissatisfaction, making Xue Jianfeng feel a bit awkward.

Han Xiaoxiao was a typical Yanjing girl. She was passionate, generous, and righteous. She always felt that Xue Jianfeng abandoned Chen Jiao, so she had some prejudice against Xue Jianfeng. She felt that he was a scumbag when he was done with her, so she took the opportunity to mock him.

Xue Jianfeng smiled bitterly and turned his head to avoid her eyes. Li Yawei hurriedly pulled Han Xiaoxiao to the side and whispered to her. Li Mu walked in front of Xue Jianfeng and lightly patted his back. He said in a low voice, "Xiaoxiao has good intentions. She just can't see the truth. Don't take it to heart."

Xue Jianfeng said, "Why would I bother with her? You just have to drink with me tonight."