Chapter 916

Li Mu's performance at the Makino Technology conference was quickly published by hundreds of media outlets.

Reporters from overseas media outlets also used the fastest speed to subtitle the content and video of the conference in their own language, and then sent it back to China.

Major media outlets proved that what Li Mu had said before was true with practical actions. This was indeed world-class news.

The news that happened in Hua Xia was naturally the first to be reported by the media in Hua Xia, first by CCTV, then by major TV stations and websites.

News related to this press conference kept emerging. It could be said to be overwhelming. Once the content of the press conference was exposed, it immediately caused a huge reaction in the country!

CCTV News Channel took the lead in recording the whole process of the conference. It was indeed unprecedented for CCTV to broadcast the whole process of a company's press conference, which was enough to show the importance that CCTV attached to Li Mu.

When the people of the country watched the whole video of this conference, they were completely shocked by Li Mu. No one thought that an Internet company in Hua Xia could create such a great influence in the world, and even international giants were forced to bow to him.

Several significant decisions announced by Li Mu shocked the country. He even perfectly demonstrated the basic qualities that a high-level profiteer should have in front of the people of the country. He was able to cheat eBay to this extent and make them willingly lend 435 million US dollars to Li Mu. The whole country, and even the whole world, was shocked.

Although Li Mu was indeed shrewd in doing business, he was particularly good at making arrangements and digging pits. He did not even blink when he swindled people. He was simply a master of the art of swindling people.

However, although Li Mu's means of swindling people were very shrewd, his sense of social responsibility as an entrepreneur was also revealed at this conference. In the eyes of the people of the country, Li Mu's sense of social responsibility would always be a model for all businessmen to learn from.

In particular, Li Mu's answers to the reporters' questions, his plans for a world-class open platform, his expectations for the Internet industry in Hua Xia, and his promise for 3321 to go global, all showed Li Mu's love for Hua Xia, his love for the Internet in Hua Xia, and his dedication to education and charity.

The Internet was full of netizens' generous praise for Li Mu.

"Li Mu has made Hua Xia proud!"

"Damn, I'm so excited at the conference!

I haven't been so excited for a long time! "

"With a strong sense of social responsibility, Li Mu is the role model for all businessmen!"

"If Hua Xia had a few more entrepreneurs like Li Mu, we would be able to stand up on the international stage!"

After this conference, there were no more doubts about Li Mu and Makino Technology in the domestic society. Not only did netizens praise Li Mu, but even those so-called "experts" who had previously criticized Makino Technology had shut up. Some people even immediately changed sides and began to take the initiative to praise Li Mu.

"Li Mu is a gift from God to Hua Xia Internet!

With him, the revitalization of Hua Xia Internet is just around the corner! "

"Li Mu is the godfather of Hua Xia Internet industry. He is the Deng Jiaxian and Qian Xuesen of Hua Xia Internet industry!"

"With Li Mu, Makino Technology will definitely become the world's top Internet company!"

"We look forward to Li Mu's YY growing into the 'chain restaurant' he mentioned. In that case, the Internet industry in the country can benefit a lot from him!"

The overseas media did not lag far behind the domestic media.

The Japanese and Korean media, which were only one hour away from Hua Xia, responded the fastest. This time, the Japanese and Korean media had a very unique perspective. While they were reporting on the Makino Technology press conference, they simultaneously reminded the Chinese to be vigilant. The media of both countries believed that this was the beginning of Li Mu's global conquest. The Japanese and Korean companies and netizens could not take it lightly in any case, because they could not imagine that their citizens' Internet lives would be controlled by Hua Xia's software.

In their view, YY was indeed very powerful, and Li Mu's ambition had been fully revealed by himself. Now everyone knew that his plan was to conquer the global market, so they must remind the domestic Internet people to take precautions in advance.

At this time, the Europeans were still sleeping, and the Americans were getting ready to sleep. It was already past the media reporting time. Although the media had not made any movements for a while, the highly sensitive media people had already begun to prepare for this big news. Tomorrow morning, all the TV and newspapers would definitely report on the Makino Technology press conference.

Some securities analysts who slept late were particularly excited. They trumpeted the huge benefits of the cooperation between eBay and Makino Technology on various websites and their own blogs. All analysts predicted that eBay's stock price would usher in a retaliatory rebound tomorrow. The only difference was how high eBay's stock price could rebound with this good news.

Analysts who had always been radical felt that this huge benefit would make eBay's stock price rise by at least 35% in the next three trading days, based on the previous price of 52.88 US dollars!

Even the most conservative securities analysts believed that eBay's stock price would rise by more than 20% from the previous price of 52.88 US dollars.

Now, it was noon on Friday in Hua Xia time, which happened to be early Friday morning in New York time. Today was the last trading day of the week, and everyone in the American stock market was looking forward to the spectacular counterattack of eBay's stock price on the last trading day of the week!

…

For ordinary people in China, Li Mu had become a national hero of the new era. He had brought Hua Xia's Internet company to the world stage for the first time, and he had made the whole world look at him. He had given the people of the country a strong sense of national pride.

For the Internet people around the world, what amazed them the most was not how Li Mu dug a hole for eBay, but the concept of a world-class open platform that Li Mu had proposed in an interview with the reporters.

Before Li Mu proposed this concept, no one in the Internet industry had come up with this theory. This was because the current Internet companies were fighting for themselves, and there was no strong platform at all. Even many world-class companies did not have the thought of building a world-class open platform. Therefore, Li Mu became the "founder" of the world-class open platform idea.

Li Mu's analogy of a chain restaurant gave the industry a hint that was close to concrete. They seemed to have grasped the essence of Li Mu's plan, but they could not grasp the real key point. There were many ready-made examples of "chain restaurants," but they did not know how to put this analogy on the Internet. They could not find a suitable point to focus on.

Now, no one knew about the Apple App Store, Facebook, Tengxun, and other big companies' practices on the open platform in the future. No one knew what an API was, which was the application development interface. No one knew about the product models of WeChat applets, WeChat public accounts, and WeChat payments.

Once he became an open platform, other content providers could send their products over. Take the simplest example:

If YY was successful on a global scale in the future, with more than a billion or more users in his hands, Li Mu could open an API on YY space or YY game servers, allowing other small game developers to directly connect their small games to YY space or YY game servers. That way, they could make money from their own platform.

For example, the parking lot snatching game developed by Company A could be launched in YY's system. YY would push it to its own users, and the users would play the parking lot snatching game to generate revenue. YY would then split the revenue with the content providers according to a certain ratio. This way, YY could not only develop and provide more games to its users, but it could also generate more revenue for the game company. It was a win-win situation.

Although Li Mu spared no effort in attacking his competitors of the same level, he would not attack those companies that relied on him for survival or provided him with content support. He would even take the initiative to help them develop. That was the meaning of a world-class open platform.

Perhaps one day in the future, YY would open the user interface. Many small websites without much traffic could integrate themselves into YY's user system.

This way, YY would open the user interface to them. Once a YY user entered the other party's website, they could directly log in by reading the YY account information. This would completely eliminate the need to register a new user and enter an account password. The website would receive more traffic and registered users from YY.

Once there were more such websites attached to it, it would be able to push YY to a higher position. At that time, it would be difficult for anyone to catch up to it even if they wanted to.

…

Tonight's welcome party would start at 8 PM. The leaders' speech and Li Mu's speech were scheduled before the program began. Therefore, Li Mu's speech would be at 8: 20 PM, which was considered the golden time of the party.

The students of the National People's Congress, including the freshmen, had long known that Li Mu would be giving a speech tonight. As the super idol of everyone in the National People's Congress, Li Mu's influence in the National People's Congress was simply heaven-defying. Ever since the school's leaders announced the news, everyone had been eagerly awaiting Li Mu's appearance tonight.

On the afternoon that Li Mu was about to appear on stage, Li Mu became the hottest person and topic of discussion in the country. The leaders of the National People's Congress had made a last-minute decision to broadcast the entire process on the CCTV News Channel through the televisions hanging on the front left of the classrooms. This allowed all the students of the National People's Congress to witness Li Mu's stunning press conference today.

All of a sudden, Li Mu made the entire National People's Congress seethe with excitement.

Some of the excited students of the National People's Congress skipped class to surf the Internet in Internet cafes, looking for news about Li Mu. When they saw someone praising Li Mu under Li Mu's news, these students were extremely proud and left comments: "I'm an alumnus of Li Mu. He will return to the National People's Congress tonight to give a speech to all the teachers and students of the school!"

At this time, the National People's Congress's forum, "One Spoon Poolside", had been dominated by Li Mu's topics. Half of the topics were praising Li Mu, while the other half were looking forward to Li Mu's speech today.

Soon, the news of Li Mu's speech at the National People's Congress that night reached the ears of the media. The media immediately prepared to send media reporters to the National People's Congress to prepare for follow-up reports. Many reporters had just returned from Li Mu's press conference in the morning, and immediately received the task of going to the National People's Congress to report on Li Mu's speech.

For a while, hundreds of reporters went to the National People's Congress one after another.

The school leaders of the National People's Congress were a little hesitant at first. They did not know if they should let so many reporters in. However, the principal waved his hand and gave an instruction: "As long as they are reporters from the regular media, no matter how many, let them in. Arrange for them to rest in the lecture hall first. Treat them with tea and snacks!"