Chapter 465

After dinner, Su Yuehua, who had drunk half a bottle of beer, drove her husband and daughter away.

On the way back, Wang Shaohua, who had drunk a little, sat in the front passenger seat and sighed, "I really didn't expect Li Mu to be so capable at such a young age. I always thought that he had the ability and foresight, but he didn't have a strong sense of making money. Now it seems that I'm the frog at the bottom of the well. Tell me, how does his brain work?

He used a huge charity project like 3321 to create a payment channel for himself. He doesn't need to care about anything, and he doesn't need to do anything. As long as he opens the payment channel to businesses, he can continuously make money from it. He's a genius! "

Su Yuehua sighed, "I can only say that Ying Xue's foresight is too good, so good that it's unbelievable."

Wang Shaohua said, "Your brother and sister-in-law have always told us to be careful of him. Look, he hasn't even finished his first year of university, and he can earn millions in a month. What kind of concept is this? He can buy a suite in Yanjing in a month …" As he said this, Wang Shaohua slapped his thigh and said, "No!

That's too little!

Li Mu only talked about the Legend of Mir game. Who knows if there are other games, or other online businesses using his Alipay as a payment channel?

If there are, then his monthly income is more than this!

Maybe he can get two or three suites a month … "

Su Yuehua said, "Why do you still think of houses as currency?"

Wang Shaohua smiled and said, "When it comes to money that is calculated in millions, I instinctively think of it as a suite, a 130 square meter large three-bedroom apartment."

Su Yuehua shook her head helplessly, "Look at you."

Wang Shaohua said, "I can't help it. I've always wanted to buy another suite. It's not like you don't know. In the future, when our daughter comes to the Film Academy, we can buy a suite near Zhongguancun. How nice would that be?"

Su Yuehua sighed and said, "It's not that far from home, okay? We can get there in an hour by car."

Wang Shaohua said, "Then we can't come back every day. Every day we come and go for two hours. I feel sorry for my girl. Instead of that, I hope I have some ability to buy a house near her school. We can live near the school from Monday to Friday and go back to our current home on the weekends. Oh, it's beautiful just thinking about it."

Wang Xinran, who was sitting in the back, knew that her father liked to talk nonsense when he was drunk, so she said, "Aiya, Dad, please don't be rich. If you are, I won't be able to leave you in the future. When I go to school, you have to live next to the school. When I work, you have to live next to my company.

In the future, if I marry someone from another city, will you still have to go to the groom's house to buy a house? "

Wang Shaohua laughed and said, "That's not what I mean. Daughter, I don't want to control you all the time. I just want to provide you with more convenience and conditions."

Su Yuehua said, "Alright alright, just drink some wine and you can't stop talking."

Wang Shaohua laughed and said, "What's wrong?

Is it against the law to talk? "

Su Yuehua smiled helplessly and said, "Okay, okay, go on if you're happy."

Wang Shaohua nodded and said seriously, "Honey, let's go back to the matter of Li Mu. If your brother and sister-in-law really knew about Li Mu's situation, how would they feel?"

Su Yuehua asked, "He can make money, and it has nothing to do with them. How would they feel?"

Wang Shaohua waved his hand and said, "What I mean is, how would they feel about Ying Xue and Li Mu's relationship?"

Su Yuehua frowned. She hadn't thought about this question yet.

However, what Wang Shaohua said was also very realistic.

Her brother and sister-in-law had never allowed Ying Xue to fall in love at such a young age, but who would have known that Ying Xue's boyfriend turned out to be such a capable young man?

There was no need to talk about fame. People who argued with him would say that fame was useless. However, it was different with money. Money was a real thing. Regardless of whether people admitted it or not, money was the biggest symbol of society.

Li Mu was young, but he could easily earn tens of millions of yuan a year. Driving a car was more than two million yuan. That was not a car. In Wang Shaohua's words, it was two houses on the street!

If they knew the actual situation of Li Mu, would they still object to the relationship between the two young people?

Su Yuehua thought to herself that if it were her, she would not object. Although the child was still in school, he was an adult after all. He would be 20 years old in the next New Year. Girls could get married and get married. How could they not be in a relationship at the age of 19?

What's more, powerful men were always scarce resources in society, far rarer than beautiful women. If they were not caught early, they might disappear without a trace.

Seeing that she didn't speak, Wang Shaohua couldn't help but ask, "Honey, I've been talking for so long. You should at least express your opinion."

Su Yuehua said, "I have no opinion if I can express it. I can't represent my brother and sister-in-law. Besides, don't look down on my brother and sister-in-law too much. My brother is now the head of the Municipal Bureau, and his future is very bright."

Wang Shaohua said, "I think we can leak some information to them. And you too. Don't watch Ying Xue too closely in the future. Li Mu is such a smart person. How can he not see that you are guarding against Ying Xue when you hear it?"

Su Yuehua pursed her lips and didn't speak for a long time, but her heart was already a little relaxed.

…

Li Mu drank some wine, but not too much. He walked in the direction of the school with Su Yingxue.

Su Yingxue had been silent beside Li Mu. At this moment, her heart was a little complicated. What Li Mu said at the dinner table today shocked her, but also made her feel a little inferior. Ever since she got together with Li Mu, in addition to the normal relationship between a couple, she always unconsciously felt the gap between her and Li Mu. She was actually a very strong girl, but ever since Li Mu began to have those amazing performances, she even began to have an indescribable slack. No matter how hard she tried, she was only pulled away by Li Mu. This feeling was actually very confusing.

Li Mu saw that she kept walking with her head down. He couldn't help but gently hold her in his arms and asked her, "Why haven't you spoken?"

"No." Su Yingxue raised her head, smiled and said, "I'm just a little scared by you."

Li Mu understood what she meant. An income of more than a million a month would scare not only Su Yingxue, but any girl of the same age. This was also one of the reasons why Li Mu didn't want to disclose too many things to the public. However, it was not a good thing to keep it a secret. For example, the car. The GL8 could be barely explained. It could be said that he earned some money by doing something, or that his parents bought it for him because they doted on him. It would not be too surprising. However, after the G55 was bought, the situation immediately changed.

Although the income of Li Mu's parents' shop was also very considerable, there was still a huge gap between the scale of their income and the car that seemed to be worth more than two million on the surface, but was actually worth more than three million. His parents' story could not support such a luxury car.

However, Li Mu couldn't always hold onto the money and not spend it. After driving the GL8 and being driven dangerously by a BMW Z4, which almost caused an accident, he felt that the last thing he should risk was his own safety. Therefore, he must have a good car.

After buying a good car, questions would come one after another. For example, Wang Shaohua and Su Yuehua were very curious about who the Benz belonged to. Li Mu knew that he would definitely face such doubts, so he disclosed one of his many businesses, which was Alipay.

Fortunately, Alipay's explanation could support the story about the car. However, the matter of Alipay still gave the other four people at the dinner table, including Su Yingxue, a huge shock.

Sometimes, if it were those girls who were more materialistic, they might even dream that their boyfriend would suddenly announce his identity one day, that he was the heir of some business empire, or that he was the overbearing president of some big company, and that he would take them to live a life of luxury and spoil them into the happiest woman in the world.

However, Li Mu knew in his heart that Su Yingxue was not such a girl. For example, when he drove the G55 to pick her and Wang Xinran up that day, both of them were very surprised when they saw the car. In addition to surprise, there was also excitement in Wang Xinran's eyes, but there was only surprise in Su Yingxue's eyes.

Thinking of the way she walked with her head down, Li Mu couldn't help but feel a little distressed. He reached out to hold her in his arms and comforted her softly, "In fact, for me, Alipay is an unintentional product. When we did 3321 together, you also participated in it. Many people participated in it. At that time, everyone wanted to do something that could benefit others. In the end, this thing was done, and Alipay also became popular. Then, it had the ability to make money …"

Su Yingxue raised her hands and gently held Li Mu's back. She smiled slightly and said in a low voice, "You don't have to explain it to me like that. I know you. Whether it is 3321 or Alipay, you have already thought about all the links before you did it. I don't feel inferior because of your success. In fact, when I see everything you do, I feel very happy for you. I'm just occasionally worried that the gap between me and you will become bigger and bigger …"

Li Mu hugged her for a long time and said seriously, "In fact, there is no gap between us. The amount of money doesn't mean too much. Feelings are the most important, isn't it?"

Su Yingxue nodded gently and said with a smile, "No matter how successful you are in the future, as long as you need me, I can always accompany and support you behind you. Even if you want me to give up my little dream, I won't complain at all."