Chapter 1748

The two announcements made by Li Mu became the hottest news on Wall Street tonight.

He came to the US to ring the bell with Larry Page, and he suddenly wants to set up a joint venture with Google before Google rings the bell. This is a show of support for Google.

Li Mu also wants to imitate Warren Buffett and auction his dinner. Although Li Mu is not officially the richest man in the world, everyone knows that he is the uncrowned king of the global business world.

Once Makino Technology is listed and the market value is clear, Li Mu will be the richest man in the world, and his wealth will be much higher than the rest of the world's billionaires.

As the world's richest man, Feng Yu suddenly wants to auction his dinner. The elites on Wall Street know that this dinner will be very popular.

Someone even announced that he is willing to spend 1 million USD to bid for Li Mu's dinner. However, he was mocked by the public. Many people felt that 1 million USD is not enough.

However, the people who benefited the most from Li Mu's announcement are the brokers and individuals who had received Google's shares in advance.

Google's IPO will issue 50 million shares at 80 USD. These 50 million shares were sold out by the underwriters.

Google also has an impressive record. Their IPO was oversubscribed by 15 times.

This means that although Google wants to raise 4 billion USD, the number of investors who are willing to buy Google's shares has reached 60 billion USD.

However, this was similar to the domestic stock market. The number of people who could subscribe and get their hands on the shares was only a very small portion of the subscribers.

After the bell rings tomorrow, Google will be listed for trading, and these 50 million shares will start to circulate.

Once the market is more optimistic about Google's future, many people will fight for these 50 million shares. As long as there are people fighting for the shares, the share prices will rise.

In the next six months, these 50 million shares will become Google's shares, and the original shareholders' shares will be locked for the next six months.

Other than that, Larry Page represented the original shareholders of Google, and Li Mu represented Makino Technology. Both of them promised Nasdaq that they will not reduce their shares in the next two years. This means that in the next two years, Google's outstanding shares will not increase by much.

Under this premise, Google's share price will surely rise, and it will be suitable to hold onto Google for the next one to two years.

Many brokers and individuals who bought Google's shares in advance are so excited that they can't sleep.

As for the 4 billion USD that Google exchanged for 50 million shares, 3 billion would be used for Google's own development, and 1 billion would be used to subsidize the shareholders.

During this process, Mu Ye Technology received 300 million USD in cash. However, this 300 million USD was a huge loss. Google's stock price might exceed 100 USD or even higher when the market opens tomorrow.

The US stock market does not have a limit. It only has a circuit breaker mechanism. Some stocks can rise more than 200% on the first day of the market. Just the circuit breaker mechanism alone has happened seven or eight times.

Whether or not Google could create a miracle would depend on its performance after the bell rang tomorrow.

…

The next morning, Li Mu changed into a formal suit and left the hotel room under the guidance of the security guards. He went straight to the lobby.

Today, Google had hired more than 10 security guards to guard Li Mu. There are more than 10 security guards around Li Mu.

The reason why there were so many people and such a big posture was that it was said that when Google rang the bell today, 80% of all the reporters in New York went to Nasdaq to wait, and the remaining 20% were at the hotel where Li Mu was staying, waiting to take photos of him.

At this moment, the hotel lobby is very crowded. If it were not for the security guards from the security companies, the local police, and Wang Yuanlang, it would take at least 20 minutes to walk through the hotel lobby.

Luckily, there are more than 20 security guards, and these strong security guards had to push through the crowd to create a vacuum for Li Mu.

The sound of camera shutters around him was incessant. Many media reporters were shouting all kinds of questions at Li Mu, hoping to get a response from him.

As Li Mu walked, he kept nodding at the reporters around him, but he did not answer any of their questions.

At this moment, if he answered a question, even if it was just a question about whether he had eaten breakfast, he would not be able to leave smoothly.

At the entrance, the huge motorcade is ready.

Li Mu's safety is very high here, and the New York police also actively participated in the work of protecting Li Mu's safety. They sent a large number of police cars and officers, hoping to ensure that nothing happens to Li Mu in New York.

Otherwise, with his influence in the world, the New York police will lose face.

Li Mu and Li Ziwei sat in the extended Cadillac, and together with the accompanying motorcade, they went to the Nasdaq exchange.

There are 10 cars in the motorcade, and apart from that, there are four or five police cars escorting them. There are more than 20 police motorcycles clearing the road and guarding the security. The lineup is very strong.

Larry Page and the senior executives of Google are all waiting at the entrance of Nasdaq, and the chairman of Nasdaq, David Bauer, also personally came out to greet Li Mu.

At the entrance of Nasdaq, there is a huge Google letter G, which is a memorial specially prepared by Nasdaq for Google. It represents the importance that Nasdaq officials attach to Google.

The motorcade stopped at the entrance of Nasdaq, and a large number of reporters did not have time to approach before they were forcibly stopped by the security guards.

After Li Mu got out of the car, Larry Page and David Bauer came forward to greet him.

David Bauer, who is already in his fifties, rarely greets the CEO of a listed company, but today, when Li Mu arrived, he chose to come forward without hesitation and give Li Mu the highest respect.

After Li Mu and David Bauer exchanged pleasantries, David Bauer personally brought Li Mu and the people from Google to the VIP room of Nasdaq.

Today's bell ringing ceremony is very simple. At nine o 'clock, Larry Page, as the CEO of Google, will give a short speech, and David Bauer, as the person in charge of Nasdaq, will also give a congratulatory speech. As a special guest, Li Mu will also give a congratulatory speech.

At 9: 30 am, Li Mu and Larry Page will press the bell together, and when the bell rings, Google will officially be listed for trading.

The venue is now occupied by reporters and enthusiastic citizens. It can be said that this is a grand occasion that Nasdaq has not seen in the past ten years. There has never been an IPO that attracted so much attention like Google.

And at least half of the attention is directed at Li Mu.

At nine o 'clock, the staff of Nasdaq went on stage to give a speech. After a brief opening speech, they invited Google CEO Larry Page to go on stage.

Larry Page was very nervous, and he took a few deep breaths before going on stage to adjust his state of mind.

When he stood in front of the microphone, he took out his prepared manuscript and said, "I am very honored to be standing here on behalf of Google. This is the end of Google's journey, and the beginning of Google's journey.

"In 1998, when I met Sergey Brin, we decided to do something meaningful based on the Internet world at that time. Therefore, we created the Google search engine. Its birth has greatly facilitated Internet users' search and exploration of all kinds of information on the Internet. It has also changed the model and structure of the Internet industry to a large extent.

"In 1999, we had already achieved profitability, and we created many unique technologies in the search field.

"In 2000, we developed rapidly, and Google became a website that more and more Internet users visit every day.

"In 2003, we reached a strategic partnership with Makino Technology. With the help of Makino Technology's global influence, our users also further increased.

"We have no intention of changing the world, but the world has changed because of us. This is the most gratifying and proudest thing for me and the entire Google team.

"Now, on behalf of all the employees of Google, I stand here to prepare for Google's upcoming listing. Thank you to all of our friends who have supported Google during this process. Please believe in us, in the future, we will continue to work hard and create a better Google for the world!"

Larry Page said, "Here, I would like to thank the chairman of Makino Technology, Mr. Li Mu, for coming all the way from Hua Xia to attend the Google listing ceremony!"

The reporters were looking for Li Mu everywhere, but Li Mu was still watching the live broadcast in the VIP lounge. He was waiting for David Bauer to give his speech before he went on stage.

David Bauer's speech was short and typical. He first expressed his recognition of Google, then represented Nasdaq to welcome Google. At the same time, he did not forget to praise Nasdaq's current development.

After he finished speaking, Li Mu came out of the lounge and went to the front of the stage.

David Bauer said, "Next, let's give our warmest applause to Mr. Li Mu from Hua Xia. He will give a congratulatory speech for Google, and then he will ring the bell for Google's listing together with Larry Page!"

When the crowd heard that Li Mu was going to give a speech on stage, there was thunderous applause.

A large part of the reason why so many reporters came was that they came for Li Mu.

Otherwise, the financial media would at most come to film some material for Google's listing ceremony, and then write an article about it.

Li Mu's appearance made the entire American public pay attention to his every move on Nasdaq. Hence, all the major media did not want to miss this opportunity. They were waiting to film some material and news about Li Mu.

Li Mu, who was wearing a black suit, walked up the stage slowly. At this moment, the entire Nasdaq hall was packed with people.

Everyone was looking forward to his speech, especially Google's investors. They knew that Li Mu had the ability to turn something rotten into something magical. Hence, they believed that this speech would benefit Google even more!