Chapter 526

After hanging up Liu Shixiong's call, Li Mu saw that there were dozens of unread messages on his phone. He opened his inbox and saw that they were all birthday wishes from his relatives and friends. Not only were there his parents, aunts, and other elders, but there were also Li Mu's cousins and brothers. Even Xiao Hao, who was in middle school, used his mother's phone to send a congratulatory message to Li Mu. The message read, "Happy birthday to my big brother, little brother Xiao Hao."

Other than his relatives, Su Yingxue also sent a message to Li Mu at midnight. "Dear, happy 20th birthday!"

Chen Wan's message said, "Happy birthday, handsome boy. I'm in Hunan and can't go back to celebrate your birthday with you. I'll make it up to you when I get back."

The rest were Zhao Kang, his roommates, Zhang Kexuan, Du Wei, Ning Hao, Chen Ze, and Hui Ka Ming, as well as his close subordinates from his company.

Other than that, there were some missed calls. There were four from Su Yingxue and two from Chen Wan.

Li Mu chose a few important ones to reply to. Other than thanking them, he also said that he drank too much last night, so he couldn't reply in time.

Su Yingxue was the first to reply. She asked Li Mu, "Did you just wake up?

Are you okay? "

Faced with Su Yingxue's concern, Li Mu felt guilty. However, when he thought of Zhao Ziqiu, who was still sleeping soundly in the room, Li Mu felt that he didn't regret it. He didn't expect that these two conflicting emotions would be so harmonious in his heart. He felt that he would definitely find a way to make it up to Su Yingxue in the future. After all, he had done something as awesome as being reborn, so other things wouldn't be a problem.

Immediately, Li Mu replied to Su Yingxue, "I'm fine. I just slept like a log. Don't worry."

Su Yingxue replied, "That's good. Don't drink during dinner."

Li Mu said, "Alright, I won't drink tonight."

Su Yingxue added, "I ordered a cake for you. If anyone wants to buy it, tell them they don't have to. I'll bring it to the restaurant tonight."

Li Mu replied, "I'll pick you up from school after I'm done with my work."

"Alright."

After chatting with Su Yingxue and replying to a bunch of messages, Li Mu put down his phone for the time being and carefully sized up the villa he was in.

He came too late last night and went straight to one of the bedrooms. Li Mu had no idea what this villa looked like. Now that he had a rough look, he realized that this villa was extraordinarily luxurious. Every inch of land in the Asian Games Village was worth its weight in gold. In the future, there would be fewer villas like this if they were sold. It was impossible for new villas to appear within the Fifth Ring Road. In the future, if rich people wanted to buy villas, they would have to do it outside the Fifth Ring Road or even the Sixth Ring Road.

After a simple walk around the first floor, Li Mu realized that the building area on this floor was at least 300 square meters. Last night, when he looked outside, the villa seemed to have three plus two floors. The second and first floors had the same area, and the third floor took up more than half of the space, leaving a large balcony. In addition, there was a staircase that led underground, but he didn't know if it was one or two floors.

Based on this calculation, it had to be at least 1,000 square meters. If it was left for after 2012, the price would definitely exceed 100 million.

Li Mu seemed to have heard that the actor Zhang Guoli had a villa of about 1,000 square meters in Yanjing. In 2012, it was estimated to be worth 100 million, and the actual transaction price would be more than 100 million, or even more. Real estate would be the strongest hard currency in the country in the future. To be able to afford such a villa in this day and age, one would have to be terrifyingly rich.

Li Mu was also puzzled. Did Zhao Ziqiu bring him here? Did this villa belong to her family?

If it belonged to her family, then it was really quite extraordinary. After all, Zhao Ziqiu's family was from Hangzhou. If she could buy such a villa in Yanjing and leave it empty, who knew how many properties she had in Hangzhou and other places?

Although he had long seen that Zhao Ziqiu's family was not ordinary, Li Mu did not expect that Zhao Ziqiu's family would be so powerful.

While he was sighing, Zhao Ziqiu, who was wearing a lace underwear, came out of the bedroom to find Li Mu. Seeing that Li Mu was standing in the living room, she went forward and gently hugged him from behind. She said in a somewhat coquettish tone, "When I woke up, I didn't see you. I thought last night was a dream."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Even if you didn't see me, you should have seen my clothes and the bed sheet on the floor …"

Before coming out, Zhao Ziqiu had just put away the bed sheet. Suddenly hearing Li Mu mention it, she suddenly blushed and snorted, "Bastard!"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. He asked Zhao Ziqiu, "Is this your house?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded.

Li Mu sighed and said, "I didn't expect to sleep with a little rich woman …"

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "A girl like me is very cost-effective, right?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's really expensive. Just this villa alone is worth at least ten or twenty million. But you really hid it well."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I didn't want anyone to know. The reason why I brought you here is that I didn't know where else to take you in that situation last night."

Li Mu said, "Come to my place."

"No way."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "You must have messed up the house last night after drinking. Besides, I can trick you into getting in the car and take you to my house, but how can I trick you to take me to your house?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's true."

After that, he turned around and gently hugged Zhao Ziqiu and asked her, "Are you hungry?

Do you want to go out and eat something? "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "You must have something to do in the afternoon, right?

Let's go out and eat something at noon. You can go and do your work. "

Li Mu said apologetically, "Yes, I have something important to do in the afternoon. I may not be able to accompany you."

Zhao Ziqiu leaned against Li Mu's arm and said with a smile, "It's okay. You can go and do your work. I can go back to school. You can celebrate your birthday with them and Su Yingxue in the evening. I won't look for you. When you have time and want to see me, just tell me. We can meet here. Anyway, my parents only come here a few days a year. Most of the time, this place is empty."

Li Mu nodded heavily and didn't say much. Zhao Ziqiu had already said that. He was touched and didn't need to say anything else.

So he picked up Zhao Ziqiu and walked into the bedroom. Zhao Ziqiu was scared and kept struggling like a loach. She begged for mercy, "Don't come again today, okay? It still hurts …"

Li Mu looked into her eyes and asked, "What if I want to come again?"

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips for a moment. She hugged Li Mu's neck a little harder and leaned close to Li Mu's lips. She kissed him gently and said very seriously and affectionately, "If you want to come again, I'll give it to you …"

Li Mu lowered his head and kissed her back. After a long time, he said with a face full of love, "How can I bear to let you suffer again? I'll owe you for now. We'll talk about it when you get better in a few days."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu with her eyes like water and said, "You can't let me wait for so long this time."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "Okay, I won't let you owe me for too long this time."

…

At noon, Li Mu drove the Beetle and drove Zhao Ziqiu, who had some difficulty in moving, to somewhere near Yanjing University. The two of them found a restaurant for lunch and Li Mu sent Zhao Ziqiu back to Yanjing University. Zhao Ziqiu asked him to drive the car to her residential area. Zhao Ziqiu was going to stay in the dormitory that night, so it was not suitable to drive the car to school.

After saying goodbye to Zhao Ziqiu reluctantly, Li Mu drove the Beetle back to the basement of Yucheng Garden. He changed to his G55 and went straight to Taobao.

The entire Taobao was in a tense atmosphere. When Liu Xiaodong saw Li Mu, he said excitedly, "Brother, you're finally here. I'll be online in less than seven hours. I'm so nervous now!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Liu Shixiong, you have the demeanor of a great general in my eyes. Why are you nervous at this time?"

"Of course I'm nervous," Liu Xiaodong said.

"I've never really touched the Internet. This is my first time on Taobao. Seeing that it's going online, how can I not be nervous?"

Liu Xiaodong asked Li Mu, "It's going online at eight in the evening. Aren't you nervous at all?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I'm just looking forward to it."

Liu Xiaodong said, "Actually, I don't think there's anything to look forward to now. After so much preparation, I believe that once Taobao goes online, it will definitely be popular. The reason why I'm nervous now is that I'm worried about whether all the supporting links can withstand the huge pressure."

Li Mu asked him, "What do you mean by the huge pressure?"

Liu Xiaodong counted on his fingers one by one. "Look, first, it's the website's ability to withstand the pressure. I'm afraid that there will be too much traffic at eight tonight, and the server won't be able to withstand it. Second, after the 100,000 Mango-MEs are snatched, millions of users will be forced to split up in Taobao. Although we still have hundreds of stores going online at the same time, I'm worried that those third-party sellers won't be able to provide good service and meet the needs of the users. Third, I'm still a little worried about the logistics."

Li Mu asked Liu Xiaodong, "Did you ask Xudong how much traffic is expected to reach tonight?"

Liu Xiaodong told Li Mu, "According to the latest data from Easy Hearing at noon, the number of Mango-ME reservations has reached 5.19 million, and it's still growing at a rate of about 50,000 units per hour. Now Taobao has already sent the same number of reservation codes to Easy Hearing's port through its internal interface. In theory, the peak tonight should be able to reach a few million simultaneous visits."

A few million simultaneous visits was a little huge. Liu Xiaodong was a little worried about the capacity of Taobao's backend. When Li Mu heard such a huge number, he also felt a little uncertain, so he asked Fang Xudong for his opinion.

Fortunately, Fang Xudong was very calm. He told Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong that the backend of Taobao's backend was currently very able to withstand the instantaneous peak traffic. Even if more than five million people tried to buy at the same time, the website wouldn't crash at the user level. For the users, at most, the response speed would be slightly slower. The backend had very good technical logic to withstand the pressure.

The backend's backend's carrying capacity sometimes didn't just depend on the number of servers and the size of the bandwidth. It was more dependent on the backend's logic as well as the level of planning and construction of the backend's resistance, removal, and distribution of pressure. This was very similar to building mechanics. With the same materials and the same construction cost, a design that was more in line with building mechanics would often greatly increase the building's resistance to pressure. It was just like how the ancient people could build a Zhaozhou Bridge for a thousand years, but a modern bridge built by a bunch of idiots might collapse in half a year.

This was Fang Xudong's ability. After all, he was a top engineer from Google. This kind of thing wasn't a problem for him.