Chapter 818

After being incited by Li Mu, Chen Tong was very optimistic about Makino Technology's blog. He thought that it would be a very good situation if he could join the project, but he never dreamed that Li Mu would give him the responsibility of the blog.

Chen Tong stared at Li Mu in disbelief and asked in surprise, "Li Zong, are you going to give me the responsibility of the blog?"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously and affirmatively, "When I arranged for you to join Makino Technology, I decided to give you the responsibility of the blog project."

For Chen Tong, who had the demeanor of a scholar, it was undoubtedly very touching that Li Mu thought so highly of him. For him, there was nothing more gratifying than being recognized.

However, although Chen Tong was moved, he couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Do you really trust me with such a significant project?"

Li Mu smiled slightly, "Brother Chen, you don't have to be so polite to me. Although we used to be competitors and you also refused my invitation, that's all in the past. My biggest advantage is that I can see the strengths of others. You are good at content marketing and operation, and the blog is a pure content product, so you are the most suitable candidate in my mind."

Chen Tong nodded solemnly, almost gritting his teeth and said, "Li Zong, I will not let you down!"

Li Mu said, "You are responsible for the operation of the blog, but there is one thing. I will decide the technical level and product design. If you have any additional requirements for the product, you can mention it to me, but I may not accept it."

Li Mu believed in Chen Tong's ability to operate content, but he didn't believe in his understanding of the product. If the Internet people were to design the blog, it was very likely that the design would be as ugly as the yellow pages, and they might not even understand the function. Therefore, Li Mu was not going to let Chen Tong be responsible for the product. All the major product frameworks must be decided by himself.

Chen Tong naturally had no objection to Li Mu's decision. He was also very clear about his position. He knew that he was not good at products, so it was best not to let him be responsible for this part.

In Li Mu's eyes, the blog was an important transitional product. If there was no blog as the foundation, it would not be easy to make Weibo in the future. It could even be said that Weibo was the product of the incubation of the blog, but it completed an evolution in the incubation. Weibo was the 2.0 version of the blog, a comprehensive, optimized, and simplified new blog product suitable for the era of the mobile Internet.

Traditional blogs were written in the form of a diary, which was long and suitable for meticulous writing. However, it was not suitable for fragmented reading and browsing, and it was not suitable for frequent interactive communication. Weibo turned the blogger into a Weibo blogger, and turned the long diary into short 140-word content. Not only did it reduce the writing time of each blog, but it also allowed the micro blogger to go into battle with less baggage, which indirectly increased the amount of content they published. Therefore, it had the characteristics of fast, efficient, and real-time.

Fast, efficient, and real-time made Weibo not only a self-media platform like the blog, but also an information and interaction platform that was always at the forefront of the hot topics. Not only did it go into battle with less baggage, but it also greatly increased the interaction. Whether it was a Weibo blogger who mainly wrote or browsed, they would have a greater sense of attachment to the platform. With so many advantages, Weibo could naturally gather a lot of traffic.

Therefore, in Li Mu's view, as long as the blog was well managed, it would be very easy to transform into Weibo in the future. Although the profit model of Weibo was relatively vague and awkward, if it was placed in the YY ecosystem, it could play a huge role in the battle of the entire YY ecosystem to occupy users' time. Even if it could not find a suitable profit model in the future, the value it brought to the entire YY ecosystem alone could not be ignored.

After confirming that Chen Tong would be in charge of the entire blog team management and product operation in the future, Li Mu informed Kong Lingyu to convene the web developers and designers for a discussion in the afternoon. The blog product was very simple. He was going to communicate with the developers and designers and let them land as soon as possible.

The threshold for the blog project was very low, so Li Mu hoped to complete the product development as soon as possible and go online immediately. At that time, he would bring the celebrities who joined the celebrity Tieba to the blog, and the traffic would quickly increase.

…

At noon, Chen Wan, her father Chen Fang, her uncle Zhang Zicheng, and Ye Tianming's father Ye Youdao took the same flight to Yanjing.

Song Liang went to the airport to meet them on behalf of Wanying. After picking up the four people, he directly drove them to the hotel that had been booked in advance.

Chen Wan did not reveal the real purpose of her coming to Yanjing this time. Only her father Chen Yuan knew that she was accompanying him to meet Li Mu privately. However, Chen Wan asked her father to keep it a secret for her. To her uncle, Ye Youdao, and Song Liang, she just said that she happened to be coming to Yanjing for business, so she chose to take the same flight as her father.

The reason why she did not want others to know that she was going to meet with Li Mu privately was mainly because she did not want to cause trouble for Li Mu. Another reason was to separate her purpose from her father and the other two. Then, she had a reason not to stay in the hotel with them.

When she came to Yanjing, Chen Wan hoped that her father and the others would go about their business. She would go back to her apartment in Yanjing comfortably and not interfere with each other.

It was because of this purpose that Chen Wan did not have lunch with them. Instead, she said that she had her own business, got off the car in the city, and returned to her apartment in Yanjing.

When Li Mu was preparing to eat takeout in his office, he received a call from Chen Wan. Chen Wan said on the phone, "I have arrived in Yanjing, in my previous apartment."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why didn't you have lunch with uncle and the others?

Did Brother Liang arrange to entertain you at noon? "

Chen Wan said, "I don't want to be too directly involved in their business, so I told them that I came to Yanjing to do my own business. It has nothing to do with their business."

Li Mu agreed and asked her, "How do you eat lunch?"

"I don't know." Chen Wan said, "I just arrived at the apartment. I haven't lived in the apartment for a while, so I am cleaning it."

Li Mu said, "Why don't you find a housekeeper to do it?"

"It's not convenient."

Chen Wan said, "The auntie I used to use often said that she went back to her hometown. I don't feel at ease with the other aunties."

Li Mu thought about it and agreed. Chen Wan was a public figure after all. It was more or less a security risk to let people know her identity and address.

Immediately, Li Mu said, "Why don't you wait for me for a while? I will buy some food and find you. We can eat lunch together."

"Really?" Chen Wan asked happily, "Do you have something to do in the afternoon?"

Li Mu said, "I still have something to do in the afternoon. I have to leave after lunch."

Chen Wan hesitated for a moment and said with a bit of heartache, "Then don't bother. We can eat together at night."

Li Mu said, "You don't know how to eat lunch, right?

It's not convenient to go out and eat by yourself. You should wait for me at home. "

Chen Wan still wanted to persuade Li Mu, but Li Mu said without any explanation, "Wait, I will leave now. What do you want to eat?

I will buy it and bring it over. "

Chen Wan said in a sweet voice, "Buy whatever you want. I'm fine with anything."

Li Mu hung up the phone, packed up, and went out. He told his secretary at Makino Technology and asked her to bring the food he ordered to other colleagues. Then, he drove to Chen Wan's apartment in Yanjing.

Chen Wan came to Yanjing hoping to meet Li Mu in private. She didn't expect to get what she wanted not long after she got off the plane. Naturally, she was very happy. After busying herself for half a day and cleaning up the house, Li Mu also arrived with the takeaway food.

When she saw Li Mu, Chen Wan was as happy as a little girl. She happily invited Li Mu into the house and couldn't wait to ask what delicious food Li Mu brought for her.

Li Mu didn't bring any special food. He only bought three dishes and two bowls of rice from the restaurant downstairs. It looked quite simple, but in Chen Wan's eyes, Li Mu was afraid that she wouldn't be able to eat lunch, so he specially bought food to accompany her for lunch. Just this alone made her feel especially touched and happy. So when she saw the food Li Mu brought, she felt that it was especially sumptuous and couldn't be more satisfied.

During lunch, Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "Do you still have work in the afternoon?"

Li Mu nodded, "I still have a meeting in the afternoon."

Chen Wan asked again, "Then aren't you leaving after lunch?"

Li Mu smiled, "Yes, I'll leave after lunch."

Chen Wan sighed and said, "Then I won't go anywhere in the afternoon. I'll stay at home by myself."

Li Mu said, "It's good to stay at home by yourself. You can turn on the air conditioner and watch TV, or lie in bed for a while. Time will pass quickly. I'll drive over to pick you up before dinner in the evening."

Chen Wan nodded and said, "Alright, come and pick me up. I won't go anywhere. I'll stay at home and wait for you."

"Okay."

…

Back at Makino Technology, Li Mu pulled the team to hold a blog product discussion.

However, for the current Makino Technology, the blog product really didn't have much technical content.

Li Mu's requirements for the team were also very simple. They were to design the blog page and other small elements, design the blog ranking system, design the blog homepage and establish a recommendation mechanism for the homepage.

As for the product's functions, Li Mu asked the technical team to directly bring over the YY space's log function and editor and embed them into the blog. The log function was very complete. Not only did it have all kinds of formats and fonts, but it was also very easy to insert pictures and songs.

Song insertion was directly supported by the Easy Listening Network. Users only needed to search for the song name in the insert song column, and the Easy Listening Network's page plug-in could directly insert the song into the article and automatically play it.

In addition, the blog would use the YY account as a unified login account, so the account would be connected to the entire YY ecosystem. Users could forward the content they posted in the YY space and Tieba to the blog with one click, or they could forward the content in the blog to their own space and Tieba with one click. Blog updates would also be displayed in the personal status column in YY. YY users could directly click on the link in the display column to enter the other party's blog. Users could even directly access their YY album in the editor while writing the blog and directly add pictures from the YY album. It was very convenient.

Li Mu did this to deeply tie the blog into the YY ecosystem.

Li Mu also planned to add small functions such as voting and likes to the blog. Apart from that, there was also an awesome product function: gifts.

The gift function was the most direct pull of the fan economy, and it was also the most direct conversion of the fan economy. For the netizens in the future, they were already used to it.

However, very few people knew that the gift function that spread throughout the entire Internet was actually born out of Qidian, and was later carried forward in various platforms and applications.

In the eyes of Li Mu, as an original literature website, it was not considered a big platform in the entire development of the Internet. However, Qidian had two product functions that contributed greatly to the development of the Internet. One was the online paid reading mode, and the other was the gift function.