Chapter 1437

With an excited and nervous heart, Andy Rubin came to Makino Technology and explained the purpose of his visit to the front desk in the lobby. Li Ziwei immediately came out to greet him and took him to Li Mu's office.

This was the first time that Li Mu had seen Andy Rubin. At this time, Andy Rubin was already 40 years old. He was wearing an ordinary black T-shirt and a pair of worn jeans, which had been washed white. He looked like a middle-aged man who was a loser.

Li Mu also thought that Andy Rubin looked a bit like Steve Jobs, which might have a lot to do with the fact that both of them were bald and wore glasses.

It was also the first time that Andy Rubin had seen Li Mu. Although Li Mu was much younger than him, he was still very respectful to Li Mu. He bowed slightly and shook hands with Li Mu. Then he obviously felt that there was no place for his hands. There was a sense of awkwardness everywhere.

Li Mu invited Andy Rubin to sit down and said enthusiastically, "Mr. Rubin, I heard from Larry that you have a project that you are looking for investment recently?"

Andy Rubin nodded and said hurriedly, "I didn't expect Mr. Li to take the time to see me. If you are interested, I can give you a general description of the project. If you are pressed for time, I can also talk to the people in your company's investment department."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If it is convenient, please introduce it to me. I am very interested."

Andy Rubin nodded happily and said, "Then I will tell you in detail. It may be a little long. If Mr. Li thinks that there is more nonsense in any part, you can tell me directly and I will adjust it at any time."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Don't be so restrained. Just say what you think in your heart."

“Ok。”

Andy Rubin sorted out his words and said, "Let's talk about the background of the project first. I want to do this project because of my personal view of the future mobile phone market. I think mobile phones will definitely become more and more popular in the future and gradually become an indispensable device in people's lives. Coupled with the unparalleled portability of mobile phones, it can be foreseen that in the future, people will use mobile phones more than computers every day."

Li Mu held his chin and nodded seriously, saying, "I completely agree with this point. Not only do I believe that people will use mobile phones more than computers, but I also believe that mobile phones will more and more replace computers and gradually do more things that used to rely on computers."

As soon as Li Mu said this, Andy Rubin immediately said excitedly, "Mr. Li is right!

I also have the same view as you!

I think there are two things that people can't live without in the future. One is the Internet, and the other is the mobile phone. If the Internet and the mobile phone can't be combined, then the computer is equivalent to the Internet. But if one day, we can connect the mobile phone to the Internet, and at the same time, we can achieve a considerable number of functions that only computers have, then the proportion of computers in people's lives will become smaller and smaller. It is very likely that one day in the future, we will still need computers for large-scale computing and professional software, and we can use the mobile phone to solve other Internet problems. "

"I agree with you on this point."

Li Mu agreed and said, "With the development of hardware, the performance of microprocessors will become stronger and stronger, and the possibility of condensing a computer into a mobile phone will become higher and higher."

Andy Rubin said excitedly, "I didn't expect Mr. Li to think so!

Then it will be easier for me to explain my next project to you. "

After that, Andy Rubin swept away his previous awkwardness and said very enthusiastically, "Generally speaking, my project is to make mobile phones more Internet-connected. Under this premise, the first thing to solve is the innovation of software and hardware. I won't go into detail about the core hardware. This is not the field that my project is going to involve. But with the efforts of companies like Qualcomm, ARM, and Texas Instruments, I believe that we don't need to worry too much about the hardware."

Speaking of this, Andy Rubin changed the topic and said, "However, compared with the hardware, I think the bigger problem now is the software, especially the operating system. If we want to make mobile phones Internet-connected, the biggest core element is to give mobile phones an advanced mobile operating system, a set of truly intelligent system."

Li Mu looked at him with a smile and asked, "So your entrepreneurial project is to develop a mobile operating system based on mobile devices?"

"Yes!"

Andy Rubin nodded seriously and said, "At present, the existing mobile operating systems are relatively weak. The biggest problem with Palm OS and Symbian is that they can't carry high-performance hardware. It's like a five-year-old child can't carry high school math problems. Such operating systems will definitely be eliminated in the future. As for Microsoft … their biggest enemy is actually their own arrogance. Secondly, they always want to move Windows to mobile devices as much as possible, but they ignore the mobile users. What they really need is not a desktop operating system, but an operating system that truly meets the needs of mobile users and is tailored for mobile users. So I think this is a very good opportunity to cut in."

Li Mu nodded slightly.

Andy Rubin's series of remarks were in line with the real development history of mobile devices and the mobile Internet. It could be seen that this person did indeed have a very unique vision and forward-looking vision for the mobile Internet. Moreover, after a careful analysis of the time, this guy created Android in the second half of this year. In his previous life, it was very likely that he couldn't find investors, and in the end, he cashed in some money and left first.

In comparison, Andy Rubin started the Android project in the second half of 2003, and Apple started the project in the second half of 2005. In terms of the timeline, Apple was a full two years slower than Android.

But unfortunately, Andy Rubin's Android project did not receive enough funding and overall support from the beginning. Instead, it developed in the form of a small-scale entrepreneurial team all the way to 2005. When Steve Jobs started the development of iOS and iPhone, Google acquired Android, giving Android the opportunity to develop rapidly.

From this point of view, Android actually lost the most precious two-year vacuum period. If it had the opportunity to develop fully from the beginning, it would at least have a huge impact and impact on the future of Apple's iPhone, even if it could not completely crush Apple.

And now, he had the opportunity to take Andy Rubin under the banner of Makino Technology, or directly become an angel investor of Android from the very beginning. This was an excellent entry point for Li Mu. Even if he failed to acquire Apple in the end, the Android project that he started first could greatly lock Apple's future development.

So, Li Mu asked Andy Rubin with interest, "Andy, with all due respect, you are a very insightful and capable professional, and also a very potential project leader, but I want to ask you a question as a friend."

Andy Rubin hurriedly sat up straight and listened attentively.

Li Mu paused before asking him, "Do you think you can be a good CEO?"

Andy Rubin was a little stunned by Li Mu's question.

Seeing that he did not answer, Li Mu said, "You know, Andy, I have recently been working with Hollywood to make a movie, so I have come into contact with some things in the film and television industry. I found that although the Internet industry and the film and television industry seem to be very different, in fact, there are many similarities."

Andy Rubin asked curiously, "Li Zong, what are the similarities between these two industries?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "In our industry, some people are excellent technicians. They are like the excellent actors in Hollywood. They are proficient in acting. Put them in any role, and they can create a satisfactory role.

Some people are excellent product managers and project leaders. They can see the needs of the market, design a complete set of product logic, and fully ensure the implementation of the project. They are like Hollywood's famous screenwriters, who have a strong sense of the overall situation and logic, and can plan everything from the overall situation to the details. In the Internet industry, such roles are mostly in charge of products or projects. "

At this point, Li Mu deliberately paused, and then solemnly said, "There are also some people who may not understand technology or products, but they understand management. They know how to put the best people in the most suitable position, and let them play the best role. At the same time, they know how to plan long-term strategies for the company, so that the company can continue to grow. Such people are excellent CEOs, just like Hollywood's top directors. Many top directors can't act, or even write scripts, but they can put a group of people together, and then the project can be implemented to the greatest extent."

"A successful company can have no excellent technical personnel, and it can have no excellent project leaders, but it must have a strong CEO, because a strong CEO will ensure that all problems can be solved. But Andy, you are made to be a product leader, but not a CEO. Your entrepreneurship will generally not be separated from the following results:

First, the team leaves you, and the project goes bankrupt;

Second, the project is acquired in the early stage, and then you are kicked out;

Third, in order to continue the project, you are forced to hand over the CEO position;

If you continue to start a business, no matter who you invest in, it will be difficult to really succeed, unless you personally do not serve as CEO. "

Andy Rubin was directly criticized by Li Mu, who was nearly twenty years younger than him. His whole face was a little hot, but he had to admit that what Li Mu said on this issue was very reasonable. He was a technical expert, a geek, but he was not a good CEO. Now he had been financing everywhere, but he had not succeeded. It was probably related to the investors' distrust of his ability to be a CEO.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "I have seen a lot of technical talents who come out to start a business. When they meet with investors, they talk about the project and technology, but there are very few technical talents who can talk with them about business management and long-term and comprehensive strategic planning for the future. You have to know that investors never pay attention to the longest part of the barrel, but the shortest part, because that part determines whether the money they invest can make a lot of money or lose a lot of money. In my eyes, your personal professional ability is impeccable, but I have a lot of doubts about your management ability. I heard that you had a conflict with the entrepreneurial team and investors in your last entrepreneurial project?"

Andy Rubin nodded awkwardly and said, "I haven't been able to understand the reason before, but after talking with you today, Li Zong, I finally understand where I was wrong."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Andy, in my opinion, you can consider joining Makino Technology. If you are willing to join, I will fully support the technical direction you choose. The development of a super product like the operating system is a bottomless pit. You can never fill this pit with money from your pocket, and you may even fall into it one day. If you join Makino Technology, I will fill this bottomless pit for you. If you want money, I will give you money. If you want people, I will give them people. At the same time, I will help you settle some options. Makino Technology will IPO in the second half of the year, and you will definitely make a lot of money at that time."