Chapter 657

When Huang Jinli heard the three words, Wanying Real Estate, her psychological defense was hit hard again.

She knew that Li Mu had Makino Technology. This was also the news from the police system, but she didn't know what other industries Li Mu had.

She didn't know about Easy Listening, Taobao, Makino Image's relationship with Storm Entertainment and Li Mu, so she didn't know that Li Mu actually had shares in Yanjing Wanying Real Estate.

She already knew about Wanying Real Estate. Wanying Real Estate was a new company that was established in Yanjing this year. Until now, it hadn't developed a single property. However, some time ago, they took down six pieces of land along the East Third Ring Road, which shocked many in the industry. Although everyone knew that the future north-south direction of Line 10 would be between the East Third Ring Road and Dawang Road, no one dared to bet everything on one throw.

Although the focus of Hongzhu Group had long shifted from residential real estate to commercial real estate, Huang Jinli still did some research on such a bold and shocking industry. However, she didn't pay attention to Li Mu at that time. She only knew that Chen Ze had shares in this company, and Chen Ze didn't take the shares for free. He was actually involved in it. As for who Chen Ze was, she was very clear in her heart. However, she didn't expect that Li Mu was also a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate. It seemed that the relationship between Li Mu and Chen Ze should be very close …

Before coming today, Huang Jinli hadn't heard any news about Li Mu knowing Chen Ze. Now, Li Mu undoubtedly threw a heavy bomb into her heart that had already been in a storm.

Li Mu's current intention was very clear. He wanted Huang Shuolun to pay the maximum price, and he wanted the Huang family to pay a huge amount of compensation. At the same time, he also wanted the Huang family to take out an apology gift.

No matter what, Li Mu was a person who had been reborn more than ten years later. He had a lot of contact with the Internet, and he was very familiar with the famous cases on the Internet. He also knew how the rich and powerful exploited the loopholes of the law. Therefore, he and Huang Jinli's thoughts were almost the same. First, they couldn't let Huang Shuolun turn himself in. Second, they couldn't let him get the forgiveness of the victims and their families.

As for whether or not Huang Shuolun would use other methods to get out of prison, Li Mu was already prepared. In any case, he would publicize this case and let everyone know about Huang Shuolun's actions. Once he was released from prison, he would expose him again under the supervision of public opinion. As long as he was suspected of breaking the law, he would definitely put him back in prison to serve his sentence.

Huang Jinli's spirit and willpower had already collapsed. She knew that she had no bargaining chips with Li Mu. If she wanted to protect her brother, Huang Jinxiao, and the Huang family's foundation, she had to sacrifice Huang Shuolun. She had no other choice. Otherwise, not only would she not be able to protect Huang Shuolun, she would also be unable to protect her brother, Huang Jinxiao.

If she agreed to Li Mu's conditions, she didn't mind paying fifty million yuan as compensation. She also didn't mind giving the land to Wanying Real Estate. Although this kind of loss was painful for the Huang family, it was fundamentally insignificant. However, the most unacceptable thing was to destroy Huang Shuolun's future. Sacrificing him alone would save the entire family.

Huang Jinli originally wanted to discuss it with her brother again, but after thinking about it carefully, she realized that there wasn't much point in discussing it anymore. The reason why her brother asked her to come here was because in her previous proposal, there was a plan to reduce Huang Shuolun's punishment. But now, the first two plans couldn't be used. In this kind of situation, her brother might not agree because he was too protective of his son. Even if he was willing to consider it, she didn't know when he would stop struggling in his heart. Thus, she gritted her teeth and decided to cut the Gordian knot.

Huang Jinli, who hadn't spoken for a long time, suddenly raised her head and said to Li Mu, "Mr Li, I agree to your conditions.

I can tell you where Shuolun is, and you can go and arrest him. Tomorrow morning, you can transfer the money to your company's account. Also, tomorrow morning, I will personally go to Wanying Real Estate to sign the land transfer agreement with you. "

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction and said, "Let's arrest him tonight. I will first expose this case, but before tomorrow afternoon, the news of Huang Jinxiao finding someone to take the blame will not appear in the news. If the money and land issues aren't settled by tomorrow morning, then tomorrow afternoon, the news of Huang Jinxiao finding someone to take the blame for his son will be exposed."

Huang Jinli nodded, "Okay, it's a deal!"

After saying that, Huang Jinli took out her phone and made a call.

At this moment, Huang Shuolun was sitting anxiously in the backseat of his housekeeper's car. He had been dragged out of his house in an emergency and knew that he was in big trouble. Thinking about the possibility of going to jail for many years, he was terrified. He also knew his current situation. Once his aunt called the housekeeper, the housekeeper would drive him to the Western District Branch to turn himself in. Once he turned himself in, it would mean that he would lose his freedom, and he didn't know when he would be able to see the light of day again.

At this moment, the housekeeper parked the car in the parking lot of a restaurant near the Western District Branch. He had been waiting for Huang Jinli's call, but he didn't expect to receive a message from her. In the message, Huang Jinli asked, "Where are you?"

The housekeeper hurriedly told her his address and added, "Don't we need to go over?"

Huang Jinli replied, "No need to come over. You stay here with Shuolun and don't go anywhere. Watch Shuolun."

The housekeeper replied, "Okay."

Huang Shuolun's heart was in a mess. He asked the housekeeper, "Uncle Chen, did my aunt send me a message?"

The housekeeper shook his head and said, "It's a friend."

Huang Shuolun sat in the car for a few more minutes. The sky was getting dark. Suddenly, his phone rang. It was a second-year girl from Beijing Film Academy. She said coquettishly over the phone, "Young Master Huang, do you want to come out for a drink tonight?

Aren't you going to America soon? It'll be hard to see you again after you leave. "

Huang Shuolun immediately thought of that sexy, seductive, and coquettish woman. She was good in bed and always gave him the greatest satisfaction. She was one of his many lovers. Basically, as long as he wanted to have sex with her, he could do it with just a phone call. Now that he heard her coquettish voice, Huang Shuolun couldn't help but think of those passionate scenes. He suddenly felt a little hot and uncomfortable.

In all fairness, his life these past few years could be said to be extremely extravagant. Money, women, status, he had whatever he wanted. When he was done playing in China, he could fly to Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, and even Europe and America at any time. No matter which country he went to, he could have fun every night and live a carefree life like a deity. However, if he was really sentenced to eight to ten years, even if he was released in two to three years, he definitely wouldn't be able to endure the torture.

When he thought of the huge contrast after going to prison, Huang Shuolun's heart beat a retreat. He suddenly felt that he could go home and get his passport to buy a plane ticket to many countries. He might as well leave China while he still had time!

He also knew that if he left, he would bring trouble to his family. However, he selfishly felt that even if his family encountered trouble, they could find a way to solve it. He shouldn't sacrifice his own happiness and let himself go to prison in exchange for their benefits!

Therefore, Huang Shuolun hung up the phone without saying a word. Then, when the housekeeper wasn't paying attention, he suddenly opened the car door and ran out. However, when he had just run a few steps, four or five policemen suddenly rushed out from beside him. One of them stretched out his arms and pounced on him, instantly pushing him to the ground.

Before Huang Shuolun could even scream in pain, he heard a voice shouting in his ear, "Don't move!

Police! "

…

Huang Jinli, who was sitting opposite Li Mu, received a call from the housekeeper. The housekeeper told her that ten seconds ago, Huang Shuolun had just been arrested by the police. Before he got into the car, he hysterically cursed Huang Jinli, saying that Huang Jinli, the old witch, had sold him out.

Huang Jinli let out a long sigh. She didn't cry even if she wanted to. To her, she would rather Huang Shuolun go to prison himself than let her brother accompany him.

In this matter, the Huang family was in a passive position of breaking the law, being in the wrong, and being immoral. On the other hand, not only did Li Mu have all the reasons, but he also had money, prestige, and influence. He also had the support of people like Gu Jianghe and Chen Ze. The Huang family was no longer a match for him.

Even if Huang Shuolun hated her, she would accept it. Letting him hate her was much better than letting him hate his own father.

Therefore, Huang Jinli hung up the phone and stood up to say to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I'll visit Wanying tomorrow morning. The money and the contract will be settled by then."

Li Mu nodded and reminded her, "The 50 million will have to go through the proper procedures. Let's transfer it to the account as a consultant fee."

Huang Jinli nodded expressionlessly, "Sure, you can decide."

Li Mu then said, "Oh right, Wanying needs to issue an invoice and file taxes for the 50 million. How about this, I'll ask the finance department to calculate the invoice and the tax amount. You can pay the invoice and the tax when the time comes."

Huang Jinli was stunned for a moment, then nodded, "Alright, we'll do as you say."

With that, Huang Jinli got up and left.

She couldn't waste any more time. She didn't want to see her nephew being arrested here, and she didn't want her nephew to call her an old witch.

After Huang Jinli left, Li Mu was in an extremely good mood.

This was the condition he had agreed on with Gu Jianghe. He didn't expect that he would use this condition to extort 50 million and a piece of land from the Huang Family. The 50 million would go through the proper procedures and be transferred to Wanying first. Then, Wanying would give 20 million to Cai Zhizhi's parents and Su Yingxue. Li Mu's plan was to give 15 million to Cai Zhizhi's parents, 5 million to Su Yingxue, and the remaining 30 million would be used by Wanying to set up an anti-drunk driving fund to help the families of innocent victims who died from drunk driving and to make society aware of the dangers of drunk driving.

As for the land, even if Li Mu took a little more interest, he wouldn't take it from the Huang Family for free. He would take it from them at the original price and pay them a year later. What he wanted was the space to increase in value within a year. There was no coercion in the contract itself. Both parties were willing, so it was reasonable and legal. As for the extra profit from the land, it would be directly added to the fund in the future.

Chen Ze and Song Liang were stunned when they heard that Li Mu had extorted so much money from the Huang Family. Song Liang counted with his fingers and said, "You took seven pieces of land in the Third Ring Road in one go. How optimistic are you about the Third Ring Road?"

Li Mu said, "I'm optimistic about the East Third Ring Road as much as I'm optimistic about Makino Technology. Anyway, we don't have to pay for this land. After a year, we can directly make a year's difference. If we develop it by ourselves or with others, the profit will be huge."

Song Liang asked, "What about the fund?

I don't understand it at all. "

Li Mu said, "It's okay. It's easy to hire professional managers to operate the fund. You don't have to worry about it."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "How about it, Shameless Li? Are you satisfied now?"

Li Mu nodded. "Basically."

Chen Ze said, "If you're satisfied, then leave. Don't add more pressure to Uncle Gu."

Li Mu said, "Huang Shuolun hasn't been arrested yet. I'll leave when he comes."

A few minutes later, Huang Shuolun, with his hands cuffed and his face full of fear, was caught by the police. Then, he was thrown into the interrogation room for a surprise interrogation. Lu Changyong personally went into the interrogation room and used psychological tactics that he had accumulated over the years to scare Huang Shuolun into tears. He confessed everything that he should and shouldn't have confessed.

Li Mu took Su Yingxue to identify the person through the glass. Su Yingxue was sure that it was this person. She cried in Li Mu's arms for half a minute to vent her emotions.

As Li Mu comforted her, he put his arm around her shoulder and walked out. The other friends, as well as Lin Ching-ah and Zhang Guorong, also left the Western District Branch Bureau. After leaving the branch bureau building, Li Mu thanked everyone, especially the three celebrities who came to support him. Zhang Guorong smiled and said, "We're fine, but Director Chen, Ge You, and Gong Li are still waiting for us for dinner. I apologized to them and said that I couldn't leave because of something, but they said that they can wait. Do you think we should go over and say hello?"

Only then did Li Mu remember that he had promised Zhang Guorong that he would go with him to dinner with a few important people from the cast of "Farewell My Concubine". It was already past seven in the evening, and it was time for dinner. However, Li Mu felt that he should spend more time with Su Yingxue. If he went to dinner with a few celebrities at this time, it would be a little inappropriate.

Su Yingxue said to Li Mu, "If you have something to do, you can go ahead. I'll go back to my aunt's house. Don't worry about me."

Zhang Guorong said, "Miss Su, if you're interested, why don't you join us? Actually, we just want to use this opportunity to get to know each other. It won't take too long."

Su Yingxue wanted to refuse, but then she thought that it was Li Mu's social intercourse after all, and it would be disrespectful to Li Mu if she refused rashly. So she looked at Li Mu and asked him, "What do you think?"

Li Mu smiled and said softly, "I'll accompany you tonight. It's up to you whether you want to go or not."

Hearing Li Mu's words, Su Yingxue immediately said to Zhang Guorong, "Brother, we'll go with you."

Zhang Guorong nodded with a smile. She pointed at Mei Yanfang and Mo Wenwei with both hands and said, "You two come with us tonight."

They nodded without hesitation.

At this time, Li Mu took out his phone and said hello to everyone. Then he walked aside and called Wang Yuanlang. He hadn't seen him since he was arrested.

Wang Yuanlang answered the phone quickly and said, "Li Zong, we're all in position. We're looking at you."

Li Mu looked around, but he didn't even see the three of them. He had to say bitterly, "Alright, thank you for your hard work today."