Chapter 335

Actually, Su Yingxue was wrong about Li Mu. Li Mu wanted her to go upstairs for a while, not because he wanted to do something intimate or take advantage of her, but because there was a burden in his heart that made him feel a little depressed.

Since his rebirth, Li Mu felt that he had achieved something in his career, but he clearly felt that his current ambition had changed a lot from when he had just been reborn.

When he had just been reborn, he was eager to change the poor life of a programmer in his previous life. He sold a plug-in for hundreds of thousands, and when the money was transferred into his account, he was so excited that he almost went crazy. But now, to Li Mu, he had tens of millions in cash, eight hundred million worth of Makino Technology, and one to two hundred million worth of Easy Listening. If he sold all his shares, he could earn at least five hundred million in cash, which was an unimaginable amount of wealth. But he could no longer find the ecstasy he had when he sold the plug-in.

When he calmed down and thought about it, the bigger his plate was, the more ambitious he became. In the beginning, he only wanted to make money, but now, making money had become more of a hobby. Every time he launched a new product, every time it set off a new wave in the Internet field, Li Mu could find his own sense of existence. Therefore, he did not have time to experience life after becoming rich. All his thoughts were on entrepreneurship, and he needed to use this sense of existence to satisfy himself.

He cut off Tieba and MP3 downloads in advance, and did the layout of the Internet community. Cutting off these two products from Baidu was equivalent to wasting half of Baidu's efforts; developing YY and secretly setting up instant messaging was to cut off Teng Xun's foundation in the instant messaging field, and then replace him as the Internet company with the strongest user control; cutting off the brands of Taobao and Alipay, getting acquainted with Liu Xiaodong, and doing the layout of e-commerce was to take the lead in the B2C and C2C fields in the future.

Li Mu secretly stabbed the future three giants of BTA, in order to do the best in these fields, and achieve his career in the Internet field. For this goal, he did not even have time to enjoy himself. He was a millionaire, drove an inconspicuous GL8, and did not have a property under his name. He rented a three-bedroom apartment as his off-campus base.

He longed for success, and had already gone further and further on the road to success. The further he went, the more cautious he was about the future, especially against the current Teng Xun.

After suffering a big loss in Q Bar, Teng Xun actually made a comeback, imitating Happy Farm, and created a QQ Fishery to fight to the death with him. It was enough to show how jealous they were of Happy Farm. Now that they had learned their lesson from going online recklessly in Q Bar, they knew that he was going to go online in the game store, and played a set of combination punches to replace him. No matter how prepared Li Mu was, he did not dare to let his guard down.

Internet companies were different from traditional industries. The rise of traditional industries was the accumulation of time and energy, but as long as Internet companies found the right point and stood in the right wind, they would rise in an instant. Because the speed of the rise was too fast, the speed of the decline of Internet companies was also too fast, and they could be defeated by their opponents at any time. The Internet had been fluctuating for more than twenty years, and countless companies disappeared overnight. The most famous one was Netscape, which was incomparably strong at the beginning, rising to a market value of billions of dollars at an extremely fast speed, but when Microsoft launched Internet Explorer 3.0, Netscape's market was instantly crushed by Microsoft.

Li Mu's current situation was almost the same as that of Netscape during its glorious period.

Post Bar was awesome, and so was Happy Farm. Now Happy Farm was charging for props, just like the Netscape browser that cost 45 US dollars. Teng Xun used QQ to bundle the free QQ Fishery, just like Microsoft bundled Internet Explorer in Windows. They wanted to use free software to attack their own market.

Li Mu was not sure how much impact Teng Xun would have with QQ Fishery, but judging from Teng Xun's future development scale and style of doing things, this time they were definitely not ants trying to shake a tree. If they were not careful, they might tear off a piece of meat, and even make the model of Happy Farm a wedding dress for others.

After relaxing for a whole day, it was almost night, and the QQ Fishery was about to go online. The sense of crisis in Li Mu's heart was getting stronger and stronger.

Su Yingxue, who entered the door with Li Mu, also felt that something was wrong with Li Mu. After both of them entered the door, he suddenly turned around with a tired look and gently held himself in his arms.

Su Yingxue hugged him back, but she felt that her body was getting heavier and heavier. Li Mu rested his chin on her shoulder, and the weight of his whole body was constantly migrating to her.

Su Yingxue gently patted Li Mu's back and asked him with concern, "Are you tired?"

Li Mu nodded, and Su Yingxue felt his movements through her shoulder. She said with distress, "If I had known this, I wouldn't have run so far. I'm fine. I can rest on the way back and forth, but you still have to drive …"

Li Mu said in a low voice, "I'm not tired from going out to play. I'm tired from thinking."

Su Yingxue asked him, "What are you thinking about? You're so tired."

Li Mu teased her, "I'm thinking about how to marry you in the future. Your father doesn't like me …"

Su Yingxue blushed and said softly, "No, he doesn't like you. He's just afraid that I'll be taken advantage of outside."

After that, Su Yingxue breathed in Li Mu's ear and said, "Besides, you're not so tired because of this."

Li Mu said in her ear, "Why don't you go to the inner room and lie with me for a while?

If I can sleep with you in my arms for a while, I'm sure I'll be full of energy. "

Su Yingxue pursed her lower lip, thought for a while, and said softly, "Then carry me … My shoulders are sore after being pressed by you for a while."

Li Mu was immediately full of energy. He bent down and picked her up, and strode to the bedroom.

When Li Mu gently put Su Yingxue on the bed, her body on the bed bent slightly. She didn't know where to look, looking everywhere but avoiding Li Mu's eyes. Li Mu didn't show any signs of being unable to control himself as soon as he entered the bedroom. He just laid behind Su Yingxue, and then stretched out his right arm for her to use as a pillow. His left hand gently rested on her lower abdomen, gently hugging it.

The woman he loved was always the best comfort for a man when he was in a bad mood. Hugging Su Yingxue's entire body from behind, Li Mu felt very at ease. At this moment, he even felt that no matter how many tough battles he had to fight in the future, as long as the woman in his arms was still there, he had nothing to worry about.

No matter what, he wouldn't lose everything.

Although Su Yingxue's personality and mentality were more independent, like all women, her back was usually the most insecure place. Now that Li Mu was hugging her from behind, her back suddenly changed from the most insecure place to the most reassuring place. This feeling also warmed her heart, and she couldn't help but gently hold onto Li Mu's big hand that was caressing her lower abdomen.

The two stayed in this position for half an hour, until Li Mu suddenly had an urge to slowly move his hand that was caressing Su Yingxue's lower abdomen upwards.

From the moment he started to move, Su Yingxue realized what he was thinking, but this time she gave up on stopping him. Perhaps it was because she felt that Li Mu's hand was still separated by two layers of clothing, or perhaps she felt that she shouldn't be too strict with Li Mu, but in short, she acquiesced to Li Mu's behavior this time.

Crossing over her flat lower abdomen, Li Mu's big hand climbed up the most attractive curve of Su Yingxue's body. Although separated by clothes, Li Mu still felt the hidden magnificence.

Li Mu didn't act too presumptuously. He only gently caressed it, not daring to move around, nor did he dare to use force. While going overboard, he still retained a bit of gentlemanly demeanor. Su Yingxue didn't say anything. Apart from her slightly heavier breathing, there was nothing else unusual.

Li Mu's brain heated up, and he sincerely praised, "I've known you for so long, but I didn't expect you to be so …"

After that, Li Mu was suddenly at a loss for words. He originally wanted to say the word "material", but he felt that it was a bit frivolous. Later on, he felt that he had said the wrong beginning. No matter how he said it, it didn't seem right.

Su Yingxue suddenly turned around and looked at Li Mu faintly. "Are you going to say that my chest is bigger than you think?"

The usually dignified Su Yingxue looked at him with such a sentence, and Li Mu was a bit at a loss as to what to do.

After a moment, Li Mu also didn't feel burdened by his gentlemanly demeanor. He chuckled and said, "It's indeed quite big. It's beyond my imagination."

Su Yingxue thought about it and asked him, "Do you prefer a figure like Zhao Ziqiu?

Her figure is much better than mine. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I like your type. It's not too tall, and it's not too big either. It's the most suitable for me."

Su Yingxue mischievously said, "You're just saying it. Men all like girls with great figures, and you're definitely no exception."

Li Mu said, "There are many women with great figures, and there are also many women with big breasts. But for me, I prefer those that are just right."

As he said that, Li Mu's hand moved, and his fingers gently tightened into a fist. He smiled and said, "It's a bit difficult to grasp right now, but if we're completely honest, I believe it should be just right. Although it's not as big as a D, it should be more or less a C minus, right?"

Su Yingxue immediately understood what Li Mu meant. She immediately blushed and argued angrily, "What do you mean by C minus?!"

Li Mu said, "It's just a little bit smaller than a normal C minus."

Su Yingxue wrinkled her nose. "Who told you it's a little bit smaller? It's more like it if you remove the 'minus' from it!"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. "Really?"

Su Yingxue blushed, but she still insisted. "Of course it's true!"

Li Mu said shamelessly, "Then let me check."

"You …" Su Yingxue was speechless. She pinched Li Mu's waist and only let go when she heard Li Mu's groan. She asked, "Tell me, how many girls have you checked?"

Li Mu immediately swore solemnly, "I swear to God, not one!

I'll be a puppy if I lie to you! "

Although Li Mu had more or less touched a few girls in his previous life, to be honest, he really didn't touch any of them in this life. Therefore, it wasn't a lie to him. He tacitly admitted that it was in this life, and the experience in his previous life didn't count.

Su Yingxue snorted a few times. "Liar, I don't believe you!

There were quite a lot of girls who liked you in high school. "

"Really?" Li Mu asked her in surprise. "There were girls who liked me in high school?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "Yes. When you were in high school, although you were quiet all day and didn't speak much, you still looked pretty good. It's just that your bowl cut was a little silly, but you still looked quite cute. In addition, you didn't like to talk, so you gave off a cool vibe. At that time, several girls in our class had a good impression of you."

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "What about you?

When did you start having feelings for me? "

Su Yingxue said, "In the second semester of the second year of high school."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why do you have a good impression of me?

I didn't stand out in the class. "

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and said with a smile, "Because every time I looked back, I would find that you were peeking at me, and you always avoided my eyes. I was a little stubborn, and the more you avoided my eyes, the more curious I became. Then, I often looked back at you when I had nothing to do, and I don't know why I liked you."

Li Mu kissed her gently on the lips. "Life is really full of all kinds of possibilities. I never dreamed that you would have a crush on me at that time."

"It was obviously you who had a crush on me, okay?"

"But you just said that you had a crush on me. You had a crush on me, but you didn't confess to me. Is it wrong to say that you had a crush on me?"

"Wrong, it was you who had a crush on me."

"Then we had a crush on each other."

Li Mu smiled and hugged Su Yingxue tighter. He said, "Weren't we talking about CC? How did we get to this?"

"CC?" Su Yingxue looked confused.

Li Mu smiled and said, "You're talking about C, right? One is C, so two is naturally CC."

Su Yingxue touched Li Mu's waist with her small hand again and said with a little threat, "If you dare to talk nonsense again, I will pinch you again!"

Li Mu immediately sighed and lay on the bed as if he had nothing to live for.

Su Yingxue thought that he was angry, so she said hurriedly, "I was joking with you. Don't be angry."

Li Mu looked at her weakly, sighed, and covered his eyes with his arm.

Su Yingxue found that he seemed to be really angry, so she took the initiative to side him and hugged him. She coaxed him and said, "I'll listen to you, okay? If you say it's CC, it's CC, okay?"

Li Mu was still unmoved.

Su Yingxue said with a little disappointment, "Li Mu, I was wrong. Don't be angry. In fact, I didn't really object to what you said. It's just … it's just that I'm not used to it. But I will get used to it in the future, okay?"

Li Mu was still unmoved.

Su Yingxue's voice was already a little pleading, "What on earth do you want to do to not be angry?

How about … if you really want to know whether CC is real or not, I will let you measure it yourself … "

Li Mu opened his eyes instantly. "Really?"

Su Yingxue suddenly changed her face. She wrinkled her nose and pinched Li Mu's waist. "I knew you were lying to me!"