Chapter 1283

On the eighth day of the Lunar New Year, the SugarClub Sports Complex was bustling with business.

The parking spaces in front of the entrance were all full. Even so, there were still many customers who couldn't find a parking space and could only park further away.

In the bitter cold of the winter night, the entrance of SugarClub was surrounded by citizens who wanted to see what was going on. No one had ever seen such a spectacular scene before. Among the hundreds of cars parked in front of SugarClub, at least 80% of them were extremely rare luxury sports cars.

Among these luxury sports cars, there were Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Aston Martin, Porsches, Benz, BMW, Audi, and Nissan GTRs. In addition to these luxury sports cars, there were also many super luxury cars, such as Rolls Royce and Bentley.

Such a spectacular scene, all the passersby stopped to watch. Some even took out their cameras to take photos with these sports cars.

No one knew why this bar called SugarClub was able to attract so many super luxury cars. Compared to it, the cars parked in front of the other bars immediately paled in comparison. The BMWs, Audis, and Mercedes-Benz, which used to be dazzling, now looked exceptionally shabby compared to these super luxury cars.

The attentive citizens quickly noticed that on the neon sign of SugarClub, there was a line of red light annotation: CSC Club Member Store.

On both sides of the entrance, there were two billboards, on which was written the introduction of CSC Club.

The full name of CSC Club was China-Supercar-Club Hua Xia Supercar Club. It was jointly established by the founder of Makino Technology, Li Mu, as well as the chairman of Yanjing Jinshun International Limited, Chen Ze, and the chairman of Jinshi Zheng Mao Import and Export Trading Company, Cai Zhengmao. Most people didn't know much about Chen Ze, Cai Zhengmao, or the two companies. They didn't know where they came from, but Li Mu's name was too famous. Among the Chinese urban population, there were probably very few people who didn't know about Li Mu.

When the citizens found out that this was a club established by Li Mu, they immediately had a whole new level of respect for the club. If the founder of this club was the son of some rich man, everyone would think that this was a depraved concentration camp for rich playboys. However, Li Mu's image was too positive. Not only was he full of positive energy, but he was also very righteous in the eyes of the public. Therefore, everyone had developed a habit of thinking: Whatever Li Mu did, it must be a good thing with positive meaning.

At this moment, SugarClub was already full of people. Li Mu and Chen Ze didn't expect that the first CSC Club Salon, which was the first CSC Club Salon just two days ago, would attract more than 300 people in one go. Among these people, each of them had a net worth of more than 10 million, and were qualified, or were about to be qualified, to join the CSC Club.

At this moment, these people were drinking and chatting in groups of three to five. Fatty Wang had turned SugarClub into a high-end cocktail party. Due to the strict management and control, the hundreds of people inside didn't seem noisy at all.

The salon hadn't officially started yet. Chen Ze sat alone in the manager's office, looking at the time on his watch. Li Mu said that he could come over at 8: 30, and it was already 8: 00.

Chen Ze, who was a little impatient, called Cai Zhengmao and asked him, "Zhengmao, did Li Mu go to your place to pick up the car?"

"Not yet."

Cai Zhengmao said, "Before the meeting, he told me that he would contact me soon, but I haven't heard from him yet."

Then, Cai Zhengmao said, "Why don't you give him a call and ask?"

Chen Ze sighed helplessly and said, "Forget it, he's busy with work. There's no point in rushing him."

At this moment, Cai Zhengmao was waiting for Li Mu in the garage of his automobile trading company. Unlike other garages, the garage he was in was specially for his own use. It could easily park eight cars inside. Originally, Cai Zhengmao's own car could fill up the garage, but now, there was only his red Ferrari F50 and a sports car covered in a black hood.

Since most of the business of the automobile trading company had been moved to the racetrack, Cai Zhengmao's own luxury cars had basically all been moved to Shunyi District to support the racetrack and the club. Therefore, he only left a red Ferrari F50 in the city, which was one of the cars he had been driving recently. The sports car covered in a black hood was the Ferrari Enzo that Cai Zhengmao had given to Li Mu.

This was the most coveted model of Ferrari owners and enthusiasts all over the world. Even Cai Zhengmao himself was obsessed with it. After the car arrived at the port and cleared customs, Cai Zhengmao personally carried out an extremely detailed inspection of the car. He confirmed that the condition of the car was so good that there was not even a slight scratch on it, not even a burr on the tires had fallen off.

However, even though Cai Zhengmao was crazy about this new car, he hadn't driven even a kilometer in it since it entered the port and cleared customs.

The reason was very simple. This car was given to Li Mu.

Because the car was to be given to Li Mu, Cai Zhengmao did not want to touch it in advance just to satisfy his craving. As a car lover, Cai Zhengmao knew very well how car owners felt about their cars. Sometimes, when a new car left the factory, a little more than the odometer would hurt, not to mention that before he drove it, someone else had already sat in it and driven it. Therefore, after the car was picked up, Cai Zhengmao did not drive it at all except for checking the whole car himself.

The car had been directly registered under Li Mu's name. Originally, Cai Zhengmao had planned to give this car to Li Mu, but Li Mu was rarely in Yan Jing recently, so the car had been parked in Cai Zhengmao's garage.

Li Mu originally didn't want to mention this Ferrari so quickly. On the one hand, he had never driven a real sports car so far and had no experience. On the other hand, he really wasn't interested in sports cars, so he didn't take it to heart.

However, Chen Ze repeatedly persuaded him that he should try to drive a sports car to the meeting today. After all, he was the founder of the Super Sports Car Club. If the founder himself didn't drive a sports car for the first meeting, then the club's persuasiveness would be greatly reduced.

Li Mu thought about it carefully and agreed. People all drove sports cars, and it really didn't look right for him to drive an off-road car. Therefore, he could only make an appointment with Cai Zhengmao to pick up the car after the meeting.

The meeting at Taobao Technology was a little longer than expected. This was because Li Mu, Liu Shixiong, Lei Jianguo, and other core backbones were sorting out the allocation of Taobao Logistics' transportation capacity, as well as the entire Taobao Network's emergency plan in times of emergency.

Although these people at the meeting had not experienced the huge impact of the SARS epidemic, under the influence of Li Mu, they could also predict how much panic a nationwide epidemic would cause. Due to the special nature of Taobao Network's online transactions, everyone clearly realized that once Li Mu's prediction came true, the cooperation of Taobao Network and Taobao Logistics, plus the reserve of epidemic materials, would definitely provide a strong stability for society and give the panicking people a shot in the arm.

Therefore, in this meeting, everyone did their best to prepare for this special war that had yet to come.

When Li Mu left Taobao Network, it was already 8: 10 pm. When he hurried to Cai Zhengmao's company, it was already 8: 30 pm.

Li Mu called Chen Ze and told him that he was delayed due to work. While apologizing, he also hoped that Chen Ze could pass on his apology to everyone at SugarClub. Although Chen Ze was already crazy with anxiety, he kept telling Li Mu not to worry over the phone.

Although everyone was waiting for Li Mu, and Cai Zhengmao was anxious because of Chen Ze's repeated calls, Chen Ze didn't pass on his anxiety to Li Mu.

…

The moment Cai Zhengmao lifted the hood of Enzo's car, even Li Mu, who wasn't interested in sports cars, couldn't help but feel his heart beat faster.

Even with Li Mu's aesthetics before his rebirth, Enzo didn't feel that this Ferrari was old-fashioned. Every line of the car displayed an unparalleled industrial beauty. The exaggerated Formula F1-like air intake was like a ferocious beast. Coupled with the classic Ferrari red, anyone who saw it would immediately imagine the surging sound of the engine, as well as the sound of air tearing when it was driving at high speed.

Cai Zhengmao introduced it to Li Mu with a face full of awe. "This car uses a 6-liter V12 engine with 660 horsepower and 657 torque. The gearbox uses the sequential gearbox used in Formula F1, and the four wheels are equipped with carbon fiber ceramic brakes. The entire car is made of a large amount of carbon fiber, so the overall weight is only 1.3 tons. However, at the same time, the excellent aerodynamic design ensures that the car has enough downforce and stability when it is driving at high speed. The driving method uses a mid-mounted rear drive, so the limits of the car are very high. It only takes a little more than three seconds to accelerate to 100 kilometers. It's definitely a super beast!"

Li Mu exclaimed, "It's simply a perfect piece of art. To be honest, when I see the real thing, I can't bear to drive it anymore …"

Cai Zhengmao patted Li Mu's shoulder and said, "Li Zong, don't mind these things. No matter how good a car is, it's for people to drive. Just like how beautiful women have to sleep with men, it's the same logic."

As he spoke, Cai Zhengmao said seriously, "But to be honest, it's best not to drive this car too often. You also need to maintain it well, because this thing will definitely be less and less in the future. The longer it is used, the more precious it will be."

Li Mu nodded. "That's true. I heard that there are only 400 of them?"

Cai Zhengmao shook his finger. "399. One of them was given to God."

Li Mu asked subconsciously, "You hit it?"

Cai Zhengmao laughed. "No, it was given to the Pope. Giving it to him is equivalent to giving it to God."

As he spoke, Cai Zhengmao added, "Ferrari is still very reliable. A limited release means a limited release, and they will limit it to as many as they want. So this guy is starting to subtract from 399. It will definitely be less and less in the future."

Li Mu nodded and said, "This car is definitely not suitable for daily use. Let's just put it on the track in the future."