Chapter 1700

Since Weibo and Twitter were already world-class platforms, all the marketing Li Mu arranged were targeted at users around the world.

It was not easy to launch a tourism brand globally, and it was even more difficult to become a global tourism country.

The ones who could do it were the old capitalist countries, such as the United States, England, France, and Japan.

When it came to the United States, people would know about the Statue of Liberty, Hollywood, Yellowstone National Park, and big cities like New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Atlanta.

As a former empire, the United Kingdom had already exported its culture for more than a hundred years. Just the nominal Shu Kingdom and its former colonies had a great sense of belonging to the United Kingdom. For example, the Indians liked to go to the United States when they were poor, and the rich loved to go to the United Kingdom.

The French Gaul used to be famous around the world, and with the support of various luxury brands, the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, and the Notre Dame Cathedral were known around the world.

The reason why Japan was so popular in the global tourism market was mostly due to the Meiji Restoration. In the 19th century, the overall development of Asia was far behind the West. Only Japan bet on the right direction, resolutely reformed, and completely westernized. Subsequently, Japan was the leader of Asia in the eyes of the Westerners for a hundred years.

Moreover, Japan clamored to leave Asia and enter Europe, competing to be the bridgehead of Western capitalism in Asia, so it was recognized by the Western world. For a long time, the culture that the Westerners knew the most was not the ancient Hua Xia culture, but the Hua Xia Japanese culture.

Therefore, Japan's tourism market was also considered global.

Right now, other than these four old imperialist countries, Li Mu really could not think of anyone else who could achieve global marketing.

Although many countries in Southeast Asia could also attract a lot of non-Asian tourists, overall, Southeast Asia's tourism market was still slightly low-end, so it could not be called a global tourism country. This had a lot to do with the poor economic development of Southeast Asian countries.

In the whole of Southeast Asia, Singapore was the only developed country, but Singapore's land area was not even as big as a district in Beijing. Such a small country wanted to become a global tourism country.

In his previous life, Dubai was considered an oddity. This country did not follow the traditional route of promoting itself as a powerful country. Instead, it chose to go all the way with the label of a "local tycoon". As a result, its influence spread all over the world. Everyone felt that this country seemed to be unbelievably rich, so all of a sudden, they were filled with all kinds of yearning for this country.

In fact, if someone thought about it carefully, why would the domestic media, social media, and various information platforms push news about Dubai like crazy during a certain period of time?

For example, the prince of Dubai was very handsome, and the police cars in Dubai were all Ferraris. That was because Dubai belittled good cars, and the police would not be able to catch up if they didn't drive Ferraris.

Another example would be promoting the "Dubai Sheikh's Series Stories" everywhere. For example, a certain Sheikh of Dubai would get along well with someone one day. Seeing that the person's car was too lousy, the Sheikh would ask his subordinates to give him a luxury car the next day. The next day, the Sheikh would see a girl named Hua Xia in a luxury store. Her eyes were filled with longing as she stared at the luxury bag that she couldn't afford. The Sheikh would wave his hand and say, "Come, girl, I'll give you one. Is ten enough?"

Why would such a brainless story appear repeatedly on domestic social networks, and even appear on various hot searches, lists, and recommendations?

One had to know that those social networking sites only cared about money. If they didn't give money, they wouldn't hesitate to mosaic the logos of ordinary items other than luxury goods when they took a selfie. Why would they be so bored as to spontaneously promote Dubai?

Wasn't it because someone was throwing money behind the scenes to do such a thing?

Li Mu remembered watching a domestic TV series before. In it, all the cars with exposed car logos were all Audis. The rich first generation drove Audis, the rich second generation drove Audis, the fair, rich and beautiful women drove Audis, the white-collar workers drove Audis, and the key was that even the loser drove Audis. Compared to the phenomenon of Dubai that was being boasted all over the Internet, wasn't it similar?

Li Mu had always felt that 90% of the so-called nouveau riche anecdotes in Dubai were hyped up by Dubai itself. After a few years of hyping up, people from all over the world began to travel to Dubai. This was Dubai's way of success in tourism.

Li Mu wanted to take the same route as Dubai, but Dubai was constantly packaging its "nouveau riche" image. The first stage that Li Mu wanted to package to the global Hua Xia tourism market was the selling point of "super cost-effective Internet travel."

Li Mu knew very well that nothing could be done in one bite. Although he wanted to promote Hua Xia's magnificent scenery, long history, and long history to the outside world, this kind of thing required a long process. Just like Japan, it took at least one or two hundred years to develop these things.

Therefore, the Dubai route was the most practical. First, choose a label and hit it to death.

At this stage, although the global Internet industry had Internet travel platforms and specialized tourism resource sales platforms, no one was like Li Mu, who did online customized tourism.

It was like the car market, where cars were sold offline, or sold online and picked up from offline stores. However, Tesla later took the lead in abandoning offline stores and directly sold online, delivering cars to people's homes. In an instant, it subverted the entire industry's playstyle.

Of course, at that time, Elon Musk's movements were quite big. He really did not have much capital in his hands. He did not have much money, and he could not build a car if he wanted it. He could only shout and shout.

Li Mu was different. He had whatever he wanted, and he just did it directly.

Therefore, he first hit the price-performance ratio and reached the extreme. He would first attract people, then integrate more domestic tourism resources for them, and slowly promote other labels. Finally, he would turn Hua Xia tourism into a real global market.

For example, in the next stage, tourists would not only be shuttling between first-tier cities. They would be able to see the Terracotta Army, the giant pandas, Shennongjia, Jiuzhaigou, Huangshan, Mount Lu, Mount Tai, and so on. At that time, the reputation would naturally become stronger, and there would be more labels.

In fact, the first stage of Taobao had indeed attracted a large number of American tourists to travel to Hua Xia through its super high price-performance ratio. All kinds of travel notes, real and fake, had also attracted more tourists to Hua Xia from all over the world.

Half a month after Taobao was launched, Chen Ze specially called Li Mu and said to him, "I have first-hand data from the relevant departments. In the past 30 days, the number of overseas tourists applying for Hua Xia tourist visas has increased by 130% year-on-year and 97% month-on-month!"

The year-on-year referred to the same period last year.

The month-on-month referred to the previous cycle, which was the previous 30 days.

Li Mu could hear the surprise in Chen Ze's tone, so he could not help but ask, "Is this data very scary?"

"How can it not be scary?" Chen Ze said, "The number of tourists who want to travel to Hua Xia has increased by 1.3 times compared to last year!

This increase is too fierce! "

Li Mu said, "Think about how much resources we have invested in this. Now that we are doing outbound tourism in the American market, the price-performance ratio is almost the same as going to Mexico from the United States. Not only do we not earn a single cent, but we have also been suppressing the profits of the airlines, travel companies, and hotel companies. Moreover, we have Weibo and Twitter constantly promoting it around the world. Not to mention 1.3 times year-on-year, even if it increased by 3.1 times, I would not be surprised."

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Alright, alright, you are thinking bigger."

As he said that, his tone became serious. He said, "Let me tell you some news. The visa approval process will gradually be relaxed. In other words, the visa issuance rate will increase greatly. This is also to take the opportunity to develop the domestic tourism industry. To be more specific, what you are doing now is a good thing for the country and the people. So, you can run forward as fast as you can."

Li Mu understood what he meant and could not help but feel excited.

This kind of cooperation was really too tacit. If the visa release was good news, it would be even more attractive to overseas tourists.

Therefore, Li Mu quickly gathered the team and told everyone this good news.

Every middle and senior management who were involved in the operation of Taobao Go was very excited about this news. This was like getting the approval and permission of their parents, and it was very motivating for the team.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "If that's the case, then we should hurry up and make a few more in-depth tour routes so that these overseas tourists can see more of Hua Xia's natural and cultural scenery."

Director Lei asked, "There are still a lot of tourism resources in the country. I wonder what suggestions Li Zong has for the first stage?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Of course, we must go to the most famous national treasure first. Let's set up a panda tour route. My suggestion is that the three cities of Yan Jing, Shanghai, and Yang City should all open a tour route to Sichuan. For example, we can first go to Yan Jing for two days and then go to Sichuan to see the pandas. Or we can first go to Shanghai for two days and then go to Sichuan to see the pandas. Since we have already gone to Sichuan, there is no reason not to go to the magical Fog City. So, we can plan three tour routes for the three cities and then focus on adding the panda elements."

Director Lei nodded and said, "Then I'll hurry up and contact the airlines, tourism companies, and hotels in Sichuan and Fog City."

Li Mu said, "You'd better find a better design team to design a whole set of panda souvenirs, and then go to Yiwu to find a reliable OEM to produce them. When our tourists come, they can bring back some souvenir gifts to give back to others. This not only promotes the small commodity market, but it is also a strong user self-dissemination channel."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "I suggest you learn from Japan. Let's be honest, they have done this really well."

"In Japan, even a small city with tens of thousands of people has its own cartoon image and its own various customized souvenirs. The added value of the tourism industry is very clear. In contrast, they are like making the most authentic Yanjing roast duck, carefully roasting the duck. The meat has to be cut into 108 pieces, the bones and the frame have to be taken out, made into various flavors, or cooked into soup. They also want to sell you lotus leaf pancakes, sweet flour sauce, green onions, and cucumbers.

What about us? Compared to them, our current tourism market is like selling ducks directly. Not to mention roasting, cutting, and dividing them, we don't even charge them. If you want to buy it, just buy it and deal with it yourself. How can we beat them in this game? "