Chapter 1747

Actually, in Taobao's future plans, Li Mu placed more importance on Lei Jun.

The reason why he wanted to bring Liu Shixiong in was not because Li Mu felt that he would be able to do well in Taobao, but because he felt that Liu Shixiong had the ability to do well in his own logistics.

Liu Shixiong had the ability to manage tens of thousands of National People's Congress items, especially logistics, which was a huge system with a large number of employees. His management skills could be said to be top-notch.

However, in terms of online business development, Liu Shixiong's ability was not very outstanding.

Jingdong's development in Feng Yu's previous life had a serious bottleneck. This was related to external competition and Liu Shixiong's personality and way of doing things.

The difference between him and Lei Jun was that Lei Jun was better at marketing, and the most important aspect of e-commerce was marketing, followed by logistics and other aspects.

Therefore, Li Mu hoped that Lei Jun would be in charge of the overall direction and operations of Taobao's network in the future.

As for Liu Shixiong, the best arrangement was for him to focus all his energy on logistics and be the CEO of Taobao's logistics. As for a higher position, in Li Mu's eyes, he was not that suitable.

…

The night before Google's IPO, Larry Page hosted a cocktail party at the hotel that Li Mu was staying at.

Other than some celebrities from Wall Street and the big shots of the internet, there were also some well-known reporters from Wall Street and overseas.

When the cocktail party started, Li Mu went from his presidential suite to the executive lounge downstairs.

Tonight, the entire executive lounge was not open to the public as Google had booked it.

As soon as Li Mu appeared, Larry Page came to greet him, followed by dozens of media reporters.

Li Mu shook hands with Larry Page and posed for the reporters to take some photos. After that, he stood on a small stage about 20 centimeters high and accepted the media's interview.

The first person Li Mu asked was a reporter from Hua Xia's CCTV. The reporter immediately asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, you personally came from Hua Xia to ring the bell for Google's IPO. Is this to show your close relationship with Google to the world?"

Li Mu smiled, "Is there a need to show it? I am a shareholder of Google and a good friend of Mr. Page. Of course, I have to be there to congratulate you personally."

Then, Li Mu added, "By the way, since you asked this question, I'd like to announce something here."

As soon as the media reporters heard this, they all desperately extended their microphones to Li Mu, and the cameramen behind them also focused their cameras on Li Mu alone.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Page and I have reached an agreement. We are going to invest in a new technology company with Makino Technology and Google. This technology company will be named M&G. We are expected to complete the registration within this month, and the company's headquarters will be set up in Silicon Valley."

When this was said, everyone was shocked.

Makino Technology was a shareholder of Google, and this was one of the reasons why the market was optimistic about Google's future. However, no one expected that the day before Google's IPO, Li Mu suddenly announced that he was going to set up a new joint venture company with Google. This proved that the two companies were not only closely related to each other in terms of capital, but they were also going to work closely together in terms of business!

This was a huge advantage for Google.

Therefore, the reporters hurriedly asked, "Mr. Lee, can you reveal the future direction of M&G's business?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Everyone should know that Makino Technology and Ford have reached an agreement to acquire three of their automobile brands. A part of M&G's future business is to support Makino Technology's automobile industry in the future. In addition, we have some strategic plans that are not convenient to announce now. When the time is right, we will announce them to everyone step by step."

At this time, a reporter from CNN asked, "Mr. Lee, can you reveal the specific shareholding ratio of M&G?"

The significance of M&G to Google depended on the shareholding ratio of Google in this company. If it was very high, it meant that Makino Technology did not invest a lot in this company, and it might just be a formality. If it was very low, it meant that Google did not invest a lot in this company.

Li Mu immediately replied, "The specific shareholding ratio is 60% for Makino Technology and 40% for Google. In principle, we will not add any new shareholders."

Makino Technology held 6% and Google held 4%. To the outside world, this was basically the best golden ratio for Google.

After all, Google hoped that Makino Technology would endorse them, and Li Mu himself was Makino Technology's little brother. If he held too many shares, it would make him feel insecure.

The reporter asked Larry Page again, "Mr. Page, Makino Technology is one of Google's major shareholders, and you will set up M&G with Google in the future. I would like to ask if Google's future strategic plan is to rely on Makino Technology to survive and develop?"

Larry Page immediately replied, "As you said, Makino Technology is indeed one of Google's major shareholders and is also our very important strategic partner in the future. However, our business plans with Makino Technology are very harmonious. Therefore, Google will not rely on Makino Technology in the future. Instead, we will cooperate and develop together with Makino Technology. We have already started to set up a joint venture company, and we may invest in other projects together in the future. This kind of in-depth cooperation is the path that Google and Makino Technology should take in the future."

Larry Page definitely could not directly admit that he would rely on Makino Technology to survive and develop. At the very least, he had to let the outside world have greater expectations for Google's future.

At this time, a reporter from Fortune Magazine asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, we have been hearing rumors of Makino Technology's IPO. May I know the specific time of Makino Technology's IPO?

Did you come to New York this time to explore the way for Makino Technology's IPO? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't need to explore the way for the IPO. For this kind of thing, we have an accounting firm, a law firm, and an internal IPO department. At the same time, we also have a lead underwriter for the future IPO. Everything is ready. What else do I need to explore?"

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "As for the specific time of Makino Technology's IPO, I can only tell you that it is currently tentatively scheduled to start in the second half of this year. But it is not completely certain, because for us now, the most important thing is to find the right time to go public."

At this time, Li Mu suddenly thought of something and said with a smile, "Oh yes, I saw a media on Wall Street saying that they want to know how much I can get if I auction a lunch. May I know which media wrote the article?"

The reporter from the Wall Street Journal raised his hand and said, "Hello, Mr. Li. That article was written by our Wall Street Journal."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Inspired by you, I decided to auction a dinner to try it out. All the auction proceeds will be donated to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation."

This caused an uproar among the reporters. Even Larry Page was a little surprised.

No one expected that Li Mu would really decide to auction a dinner. Although this was pioneered by Warren Buffett, there had never been anyone who imitated him.

Many tycoons did not imitate Warren Buffett mainly because they were worried that their auction proceeds could not compete with Warren Buffett.

After all, Warren Buffett is a god in the investment world. If you eat dinner with Bill Gates, and he tells you how he built Microsoft, you might feel that he is very rational. But that is only rational, and there is no practical guidance.

But Warren Buffett is different. His experience is real investment experience. He knows how to analyze the market, how to seize opportunities, and how to earn high returns in the stock market. No one can compare to Warren Buffett in this aspect.

Li Mu also does not know how much his dinner will fetch, because he does not know what he can impart to the people who are having dinner with him.

But Li Mu himself is a legend, a super legend who had accumulated a lot of wealth at the speed of light. In the eyes of the public, he is a treasure. Even if they can get some of his views, they will benefit a lot from it.

When the reporters heard that Feng Yu is going to auction a dinner, they started to ask all sorts of questions.

Li Mu gestured for everyone to be quiet, and then he introduced himself, "The dinner I auction will be held in Yan Jing, Huaxia. At that time, I will spare three hours to have dinner with the winner of the auction."

"As for the bidders, there are no requirements or restrictions on their identities. As long as they successfully bid and pay, they can come to Beijing to have dinner with me."

A reporter immediately asked. "Mr. Lee, where will your dinner be auctioned?"

Li Mu said. "The dinner will be auctioned online on Taobao International, and it will support PayPal and Alipay online payment channels."

Li Mu continued. "Taobao International is not online yet, but it should be available soon."

Another reporter asked, "Mr. Lee, is the reason why you are auctioning the dinner to promote Taobao International?"

Li Mu nodded and admitted it. "Sacrificing some of my time and energy to help my industry promote, and at the same time, to raise money for the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. It's killing two birds with one stone, so why not?"

"Then, which do you think will be sold for a higher price, your dinner or Buffett's lunch?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "There's no point in comparison at all. Mr. Buffett is an investment expert. Having lunch with him, you may get some advice from his decades of investment experience. As for me, I'm mainly good at entrepreneurship, not investment. Although I can't provide investment experience to others, I can still provide some experience and insights on entrepreneurship. So, the specific transaction price will depend on the situation of each of us."

"Then, will your dinner auction continue in the future?"

Li Mu said. "I can't say for sure. If I retire one day and don't want to deal with entrepreneurship anymore, I will probably stop this. But as long as I am still working, the dinner auction will continue."