Chapter 1381

The latest version of Plants vs Zombies Online was released at ten in the morning on the second day after completion of the closed beta testing.

This time, the update used a hot update technology. Players didn't need to redownload the entire game. Instead, after starting the game, the game would directly download the new game materials and updated content online. This ensured that all players connected to the game would have to complete this update, unless they were playing the game in single player mode while offline.

For users who were currently playing the game, the update would be automatically completed while the player was playing the game, and would be automatically loaded when the game ended, allowing the user to experience the latest version of the game.

From this time onwards, players from all over the world started to experience the new Plants vs Zombies Online. New maps, new plants, new zombies, new systems, all of which brought huge surprises to the players.

Hua Xia players were pleasantly surprised to find that in the latest Plants vs Zombies Online, there was a Hua Xia style map, as well as the unique zombies from Hua Xia's folklore!

This was really surprising, as up until now, no one had ever integrated the Hua Xia's folklore zombies into a game. Not only were the cartoonish zombies not scary at all, they even gave off a very cute vibe.

Even for Hua Xia players, it had been a long time since they saw a new element of the "Hua Xia zombies". After all, the golden age of Hong Kong zombie movies had long passed, and there weren't many new movies being produced.

Seeing the familiar setting, the familiar yet unique zombie design, almost all the Hua Xia players gave positive reviews. To a certain extent, there was also a special cultural complex. After all, this was our own folklore. Just like the Western zombies and vampires, if zombies and vampires could become a game element, then the Hua Xia zombies should be able to do the same, and Makino Technology had made this possible.

The familiar yet somewhat unfamiliar zombie element struck again, causing many netizens to rekindle their passion for zombie movies. Zombie movies were almost all rented out from the DVD rental stores on the streets and alleys. Various zombie movies were also being broadcasted on television, and the ratings were surprisingly high. Even the originally deserted Lin Zhengying's Tieba forum had become a hot topic among celebrity Tieba forums because of this nostalgic craze. The public's love for zombie movies seemed to have returned to a dozen years ago …

When the foreign players, who were using the non-Chinese version of the game, updated the game, there was a simple notification on the Hua Xia map, telling them that the design of the map was derived from the unique architectural style of Hua Xia, and the zombies in the game were a type of Hua Xia's folklore, collectively known as Hua Xia zombies (Hua Xia zombies).

Regardless of the differences between Eastern and Western cultures, in Plants vs Zombies Online, the design of the Hua Xia zombies was a lot better than the original Western zombies. Although the original Western zombies weren't visually scary, they weren't cute, either. At most, they gave people the feeling that they were stupid. However, the design of the Hua Xia zombies did catch the eyes of the overseas players. Their clothes were very special, and their postures were also very special. Their skin wasn't the greyish black of the Western zombies, but a light yellow color. The talisman on their forehead fluttered as the zombies jumped. The overseas players didn't know what it was used for, but it gave them a sense of mystery.

For the overseas players, as a whole, they didn't dislike the Hua Xia elements. On the contrary, these unique ethnic designs gave them a very exotic feeling. Before the game was updated today, most of these people didn't know about the existence of the Hua Xia zombies. However, in just a few hours, the entire world knew about the Hua Xia zombies, and understood the design of the Hua Xia zombies, as well as their unique jumping and jumping movements.

Most importantly, they did not hate these elements. On the contrary, they gradually fell in love with these very special and interesting images and settings. Many overseas users even openly discussed the Huaxia zombies on the Internet. They searched for and collected all kinds of legends about the Huaxia zombies, translated them into their own language, and popularized them to their own netizens on the Internet platform.

Why were they wearing special robes?

Because they were wearing the official robes of Hua Xia during the Qing Dynasty. These official robes were actually very particular. Officials from the first to the ninth rank all had strict requirements on their clothing.

Why was there a strange piece of yellow paper stuck to their foreheads?

That was because in the legends of Hua Xia, there was a class that specialized in dealing with these types of zombies. They were called Taoist priests. The yellow paper was called a talisman, and it was a type of weapon used by them. It had a very special effect. Of course, in this game, it was the plants that attacked the zombies, not the Taoist priests. Therefore, the talisman was probably just a design element.

Why were they jumping and jumping when they walked?

This wasn't because the zombies in the legends of Hua Xia were like this, but because there were many zombie movies in Hong Kong. In the Hong Kong movies, the zombies always jumped and jumped as they moved forward. Therefore, in Hua Xia, everyone's impression of the zombies was that they were jumping and jumping.

Other than that, many people found screenshots of various Hong Kong zombie movies and posted them online to popularize the knowledge. This further attracted the curiosity of the users about the Hua Xia zombies. Many people said that it would be great if they could get their hands on one or two Hong Kong zombie movies to watch.

The entire Western world, and even Japan, Korea, and Southeast Asia, were discussing the Hua Xia zombies because of the changes to Plants vs Zombies Online.

No one could have imagined that the Hong Kong zombie movies couldn't make it out of the Chinese region, and didn't even have much of a reaction in Southeast Asia. However, Plants vs Zombies Online, a game that was popular all over the world, only took a few hours to bring the concept of Hua Xia zombies to players all over the world.

This caused a huge commotion in the Hong Kong movie industry. Many investors, directors, and actors in the Hong Kong movie industry were impressed. Makino Technology only took a few hours to accomplish something that Hong Kong movies hadn't been able to achieve in the past ten or twenty years. This was truly admirable.

The fact that zombie movies couldn't make it out of the Chinese region for twenty years was a typical phenomenon of the global cultural export in recent years. Our people knew too much about western culture, but the western people knew very little about our culture.

In the Chinese world, even three-year-olds knew about western vampires. We knew that they had long fangs, were nocturnal, and lived by sucking human blood. We also knew that if a normal person was bitten by a vampire, they would turn into a vampire.

However, not many people in the West knew that there was also a type of zombie in Hua Xia. They were formed after a normal person died due to some special reasons, such as too much resentment when they were alive, or too much Yin energy when they were buried. On the night of the full moon, after the zombification, the corpse in the coffin would turn into a jumping zombie. They couldn't see, but their sense of smell was very sensitive. They were afraid of sticky rice, red thread, black donkey hooves, and black dog blood. They were even more afraid of the Taoist priest's peach wood sword and the Corpse Securing Talisman.

Our young people treated western Valentine's Day, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Day as important holidays. They sent flowers on Valentine's Day, ate Apple on Christmas Eve, and got a room with their girlfriends on Christmas Day. However, the western young people didn't even know about our Spring Festival. As for traditional festivals like Double Seventh Festival, Dragon Boat Festival, and Mid-Autumn Festival, not many people in the West knew about them.

A classic romance movie like Titanic could sweep the whole of Hua Xia and make everyone in Hua Xia know about it. However, a domestic movie like Farewell My Concubine, although it won the Cannes Awards overseas, its box office in the United States only added up to five million US dollars.

We knew too many big stars in the West, watched too many of their movies, and listened to too many of their songs. However, the Chinese movie stars that Western audiences knew about, other than Li Xiaolong, Cheng Long, and Li Lianjie, basically no one else had real influence.

This was the huge disparity in cultural exports. In this regard, the United States was like a country with a huge trade surplus, while China was a country with a huge trade deficit, to the point where it was almost used as a dumping market by the other party.

It was because of the disparity in cultural output throughout the years that the update of Plants vs Zombies Online had a huge significance in the eyes of the people in the Hua Xia cultural industry.

And the one that was shaken the most was the Hong Kong film industry.

In the 80s and 90s, there was a large number of zombie movies in Hong Kong. From Lin Zhengying to Hong Jinbao and Wu Ma, these outstanding Hong Kong actors contributed greatly to the prosperity of zombie movies.

However, in Hong Kong, where the movie industry was booming, zombie movies were squeezed too much in a short period of time. All kinds of bad movies ran rampant. Later on, whether it was in Hong Kong, Taiwan, or China, audiences had seen enough of this genre of movies, and the market space dropped drastically.

There was another very important reason for this. After Lin Zhengying's death, the zombie movies no longer had a real role model.

Although Hong Jinbao had made zombie movies a few years ago, he quickly moved onto the path of mainstream movies. Wu Ma, who was a supporting actor, had a wide range of roles in the Hong Kong film industry.

As of now, there were almost no new zombie movies in Hong Kong, and this theme was even rarer in China. Everyone treated zombie movies like old semiconductor radios, and threw them into the trash or storage room, focusing their energy on more advanced TVs and computers. Only a few nostalgic people would occasionally take them out to listen to them.