Chapter 180

Several media outlets praised 3321 in succession, and the wording of their reports also seemed to promote Li Mu as a model college student of the current generation. After Li Mu's image was magnified by the media, it also brought him a lot of repercussions. Every move he made on campus was very eye-catching.

Although he had suddenly become the most famous person in the school, Li Mu also knew that the incident with 3321 had not only helped him build an indestructible body, but also helped him gather believers and hatred at the same time. Now, there were not only Li Mu's followers and admirers in the school, but there was also no lack of people who were envious of his success and indignant.

Dong Ai was originally a little jealous of Li Mu's success. This jealousy was not derogatory, but it was mainly because she had seen a first-year student accomplish such an earth-shattering feat in less than a semester. When she looked at herself, she felt like she was just a good-for-nothing with the title of Vice President of the Student Council. This feeling of disparity was hard to avoid.

However, while Dong Ai felt the huge disparity, she was also glad that she had not taken the wrong path. Otherwise, she would have ended up like Sun Tan. Wu Shuai was even worse. The entire National People's Congress knew that he had become Sun Tan's scapegoat, and Sun Tan was the scum of the scum.

Dong Ai also noticed the announcement from the school. She had expected that the National People's Congress would want to use 3321 to gain some reputation, but she did not expect Li Mu to hold on so well. From the announcement, the National People's Congress did not seem to have any intention of interfering with 3321. It was only acting as an incubator, and 3321 was still Li Mu's.

Moreover, Li Mu had taken three classrooms from the school. It seemed like he was going to officially settle down with the National People's Congress.

After that, Dong Ai saw Li Mu's recruitment post by the side of One Ladle Pond, and this immediately piqued her interest.

She had very few academic tasks now, and was preparing to start looking for a suitable internship at the end of the year. Originally, she had wanted to contact a foreign company that she had previously discussed sponsorship with, but after seeing Li Mu's post, she suddenly became even more interested in 3321.

Dong Ai sighed at the computer. She had previously doubted Chen Wan's taste, but now it seemed that Chen Wan's taste was really sharp. Thinking back to the matter of her introducing Lin Ching-ah to her cousin a few days ago, Dong Ai always felt that there was something strange about it.

After thinking for a long time, she still could not figure it out, so Dong Ai called Lin Ching-ah and asked, "Sister Lin Ching-ah, have you gone to work at the company I recommended last time?"

"I've already started working."

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "But I've been very busy these days, and I have a lot of things to do, so I haven't had the chance to tell you. I originally wanted to treat you to a meal on the weekend to thank you for introducing such a good opportunity to me, but now it seems that I will definitely have to work overtime on the weekend. I don't know if I can get off early on Sunday night. If I can finish before eight, I'll go to the National People's Congress to eat with you, okay?"

“

Dong Ai said, "With our relationship, you don't have to be so polite with me!" After that, she asked curiously, "That company is so busy?

How do you feel? "

Lin Ching-ah said, "It's quite busy, but very fulfilling. I'm also very optimistic about the company's future, and it's developing very fast."

Dong Ai then asked tentatively, "Is the boss of your company the man whose surname is Kong that we had a meal with last time?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "I'm not sure about that, but he's the general manager, and he's mainly in charge of technology."

Dong Ai asked again, "Can you help me ask who the legal person or major shareholder of your company is?"

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "Why are you so interested in this?

I haven't been here for a long time, and it's a bit inappropriate to ask this question. "

Dong Ai thought about it and agreed. Lin Ching-ah was very serious in her work, and she had a clear distinction between public and private interests. It was indeed a bit inappropriate to ask her to help her ask this gossip. Thinking that there was a senior who worked in the industry and commerce system, Dong Ai said, "Tell me the full name of your company, and it would be best if you could send me a text message."

Lin Ching-ah didn't know why Dong Ai was so interested in the company that she had just joined. She just wanted the full name of the company, and there was no point in keeping it a secret, so she said, "Okay, then I'll tell you the full name of the company later."

A moment after hanging up the phone, Dong Ai received a text message. She opened it and saw that it was from Lin Ching-ah, "Yan Jing Makino Technology Co., Ltd."

Dong Ai's eyes lit up. I knew it!

I felt that there was a problem in it. Now looking at the name again, Makino Technology must be Li Mu's company!

What is the background of this kid?

He is so wild in his freshman year. He is the standard of a capable person.

So Dong Ai immediately called Li Mu.

Li Mu hadn't seen Dong Ai for a while, and he hadn't received her call. He was a little surprised when he suddenly saw her name on the phone.

He picked up the phone and politely called Senior Sister Dong Ai. Dong Ai said, "Li Mu, do you have time? Senior Sister will treat you to a meal."

"A meal?" Li Mu thought about it and asked, "When?"

"Let's do it today. I have something to ask of you."

Li Mu hesitated a little, but he still agreed. No matter what, she was Sister Wan's friend. If Sister Wan came over on the weekend, she would definitely have to meet him. It was best not to neglect her.

Dong Ai decided to go to a restaurant outside the campus in the evening. She made an appointment with Li Mu to meet at her dormitory first, and then they would go together. Li Mu appeared at Dong Ai's dormitory on time.

A few minutes later, Dong Ai arrived gracefully. Dong Ai, who was 22 years old, was very beautiful. She looked slightly more mature than her peers, but she was not old. There was a kind of woman who looked like she was in her twenties when she was 18 years old, but she still looked like she was in her twenties when she was in her thirties. Once such a woman passed the age of thirty, she would definitely be the best mature woman that men would be crazy about. It was just that her current charm lacked social experience.

As soon as they met, Dong Ai teased Li Mu and said, "Li Mu is now a big star in the National People's Congress. I didn't expect you to give me face. I really appreciate it."

Li Mu said, "Senior Sister Ai, you can treat me to a meal, but don't mock me."

Dong Ai raised her eyebrows and said, "I'm not mocking you."

Dong Ai said, "Your Sister Wan is coming soon. Are you very excited?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm very excited."

Dong Ai nodded meaningfully and said, "You don't know. She's very excited!"

As they spoke, they walked side by side out of the school gate. Just as they were about to leave the school gate, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Li Mu and Dong Ai. After Li Mu saw the appearance of the person in front of him and Dong Ai, he frowned and asked, "Wu Shuai?

What do you want? "

Wu Shuai's face was dejected. He no longer had the high-spirited and handsome appearance of the past. He stared at Li Mu with bloodshot eyes and said in a hoarse voice, "Li Mu, I'm here to apologize to you. I was blind in the past. I'm sorry!"

Li Mu already knew that Wu Shuai had been expelled from school. He knew how big a blow it was to a student. Moreover, Wu Shuai's ending today was inextricably linked to him. Back then, he had touched Wu Shuai's scholarship in order to fight back against Sun Tan. He didn't expect Sun Tan to withdraw Wu Shuai as a scapegoat.

However, Li Mu did not feel guilty about Wu Shuai at all. Wu Shuai had only himself to blame for what happened today. He could not blame others, let alone himself.

Looking at the dejected Wu Shuai, Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Let bygones be bygones."

Wu Shuai pursed his lips and nodded heavily. The person he had looked up to in the past had sold him out completely. And the person he had looked up to as his mortal enemy didn't kick him when he was at his lowest. Instead, he showed a smile and let go of the enmity. This made him realize how stupid he had been.

No, not stupid. He was blind, and completely blind.

However, Wu Shuai didn't forget the core reason he had come to Li Mu. He calmed himself down and tried to appear more sincere. He said, "Li Mu, Sun Tan from the scholarship organization has been targeting you and your 3321. He even found Zhang Qing and tried to get him to anger you..."

"Don't say anymore."

Li Mu waved his hand and said faintly, "I don't want to have anything to do with the enmity between you and Sun Tan. I don't want to be enemies with anyone. You're on your own."

Wu Shuai's face was filled with despair.

His hidden motive had been so easily seen through by Li Mu. However, he was telling the truth!

At this time, Dong Ai couldn't bear to look at Wu Shuai and said, "Wu Shuai, I know you're angry with Sun Tan. However, it's already come to this. You should think about your next step first."

Wu Shuai finally saw Dong Ai who was beside Li Mu. He said dumbfoundedly, "Senior Sister Dong, why are you here..."

In the past, no matter where he looked, he would look at women first. Moreover, he would look at beautiful women first. However, the current him had even lost this nature. It was enough to see how miserable his current situation was.

Dong Ai sighed and said, "I'm going out with Li Mu to do something."

Wu Shuai nodded repeatedly. At the same time, he lowered his head more and more. In the past, he was subdued by Dong Ai. Now, he was even more ashamed of his inferiority.

At this time, Li Mu lightly patted his shoulder and didn't say anything more. He gave Dong Ai a look. Dong Ai told him to take care and then left with Li Mu.

Wu Shuai stood where he was and cried silently without looking back. In the past, he was one of the few all-powerful people on this campus. But now, there was no place for him on this campus.

Sun Tan, it was all Sun Tan's fault!

Wu Shuai was suddenly enraged. He broke into a run and disappeared.

At this time, Dong Ai, who had just left the school gate, said with sympathy, "Wu Shuai looks quite pitiful."

"There must be something hateful about a pitiful person."

"Yes, what you said makes sense. But isn't the price a bit too high?"