Chapter 836

Zhao Xianliang was a little uncomfortable in front of Li Mu, and Li Mu was the same in front of Zhao Xianliang. He was a little reserved in his heart.

Xie Yun invited Li Mu to sit down at the table. Li Mu subconsciously didn't go inside, so he sat down near the door. Zhao Ziqiu sat next to Li Mu without thinking.

Seeing this scene, Zhao Xianliang couldn't help feeling jealous.

Xie Yun had to sit down next to Zhao Xianliang. She found a topic and asked Li Mu with a smile, "Li Mu, have you been to this restaurant before?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Auntie Xie, it's the first time I've been to this restaurant."

Xie Yun gently patted Zhao Xianliang's arm and said, "This is definitely the best restaurant in Hangzhou. Your Uncle Zhao knew you were coming, so he specially booked this restaurant to welcome you."

Zhao Xianliang wanted to ask her, "Why did I specially book this restaurant?

Didn't you book it? "

However, Xie Yun knew that he was in a dilemma, so she gently patted his arm with her hand and kept touching him with her leg to remind him not to talk nonsense. This was the tacit understanding between the couple for many years.

This was the tacit understanding between the couple for many years. Zhao Xianliang immediately knew not to say anything. He just fiddled with the tableware in front of him and said to Li Mu with a fake smile, "The food here is very good. I ordered a few cold dishes first. Let's eat first. I'll ask the waiter to heat up the dishes later. If there's anything you don't like, I'll call the waiter over later and you can order again."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Thank you, uncle. You're too polite."

Zhao Xianliang nodded. Xie Yun said with a smile, "Do you want to have a drink?"

Zhao Xianliang said, "Li Mu just got off the plane. He must be tired after a long journey. I don't think we should drink."

That being said, Zhao Xianliang didn't want to drink at all. Although he wanted to have a drink to relieve his worries, he couldn't drink with Li Mu. It was better to go home after dinner and pour himself a glass of whiskey and drink it with two ice cubes.

However, Xie Yun didn't want to follow his idea. She said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, people in Hangzhou like drinking yellow wine. This restaurant has the old Kuaiji Mountain yellow wine. I'll ask them to bring a jar later. You can drink it with your Uncle Zhao. The alcohol content of the yellow wine is not high, and it will stimulate the appetite."

How could Li Mu refuse? He immediately nodded and said, "Okay."

Although Zhao Xianliang was not very willing, he didn't dare to refuse his wife's request. He could only nod and acquiesce.

Therefore, Xie Yun said to the waiter in the private room, "Give us a jar of the old Kuaiji Mountain yellow wine first."

The waiter nodded and immediately went out to get the wine. Li Mu saw that they must wait for the wine to be served before eating, so he took out the gifts for Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun from his backpack.

When Xie Yun saw Li Mu take out two gift boxes, she was quite happy. It proved that Li Mu was still very sensible and gave enough respect to her and her husband.

Li Mu took out the gift box and handed the box with the Montblanc pen to Zhao Xianliang according to his memory. He said, "Uncle, I prepared a little gift for you. It's just a token of my respect. I hope you like it."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and took the gift box. His expression was more or less relaxed. He said, "Thank you."

"It's my pleasure."

As Li Mu spoke, he handed the other box with the top handmade Tiffany diamond brooch to Xie Yun and said, "Auntie, this is a little gift for you. I didn't know what you liked, so I just bought some."

Xie Yun was really happy. She took the gift box from Li Mu with both hands and said with a face full of smiles, "Thank you so much, Li Mu!"

As soon as Li Mu sat down, Zhao Ziqiu saw that he was no longer taking out Li Mu's gift, so she couldn't help but reach out and ask Li Mu, "Where's my gift?

You prepared a gift for my parents. Don't tell me you didn't prepare one for me? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I prepared a gift for Uncle and Auntie because as a junior, I can't come empty-handed for the first time. We don't have to be so particular, right?"

Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "You have to be particular too. I don't care, I also want a gift!"

Li Mu said, "Then how about I buy it for you after we go back to Yanjing?

If you don't want to, then I'll take you out tomorrow and buy you whatever you like. "

Zhao Ziqiu said angrily, "Ah?

You really didn't buy me a gift? "

Li Mu nodded and said apologetically, "I'm sorry, I didn't prepare one for you this time …"

"I'm angry!" Zhao Ziqiu looked unhappy, but no one knew whether she was really angry or pretending.

At this moment, Li Mu saw that he had teased her enough, so he said, "I bought a gift for you, but I can't give it to you now."

Zhao Ziqiu's expression immediately changed from gloomy to sunny, and she asked in surprise, "Really?

Where is it? "

Li Mu said, "I can't give it to you now."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "When will you give it to me?"

Li Mu wanted to say that he would give it to her at night, but then he thought about it again and decided not to say it. Li Mu was not sure whether Zhao Ziqiu could stay with him at night. If he said that in front of Zhao Ziqiu's parents, it might spoil the food.

So Li Mu changed his words and said, "I'll give it to you after dinner."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "It's not a toothpick. Why can't you give it to me after dinner?"

Li Mu was helpless. At this time, Xie Yun said, "Ziqiu, since Li Mu wants to give you a little surprise, don't force him to ask. After dinner, invite Li Mu to our house. When you get home, you can take a good look at what gift Li Mu brought for you."

When Zhao Ziqiu heard this, she immediately nodded and said with a smile, "Okay, then I'll wait a little longer."

Zhao Xianliang didn't want to invite Li Mu to their house, but since his wife said it, he couldn't say no. He could only bear it silently in his heart.

The waiter brought the yellow wine and poured it for Li Mu and Zhao Xianliang. Xie Yun asked the waiter to pour half a glass for herself and Zhao Ziqiu. Then she picked up the glass and said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, you are a guest from afar. Let's have a toast. Uncle, Auntie, and Ziqiu welcome you and wash the dust for you."

Li Mu hurriedly picked up the glass and said, "Thank you, Uncle, Auntie, for such a warm welcome."

The four of them clinked their glasses, and Xie Yun took care of the food. Although Zhao Xianliang felt a little uncomfortable, he felt a little better under Xie Yun's active adjustment. Xie Yun took the initiative to chat with Li Mu. First, she asked about Li Mu's parents. Li Mu told her about his parents' clothing business and his future plans to open a branded clothing store, which made Xie Yun quite surprised.

"You are so successful now, but your parents are still doing business in their hometown?

Why don't they follow you to Yanjing? Not only can they enjoy a good life, but they can also take care of your daily life. "

Li Mu said, "It's not easy for my parents to find something that they are more interested in and more convenient to do. I think it's better to let them do what they want to do. They are still young, and it's not suitable for them to give up their own pursuits and be around me all day long."

Xie Yun nodded lightly. "That's true. Your parents should be about the same age as me and your Uncle Zhao. If they are completely idle at this time, they won't be able to stay for long."

As she spoke, Xie Yun asked again, "Then what have you been busy with recently?

Your Makino Technology doesn't seem to have made any big moves recently, and Taobao has also been on the right track since the brand day. Are you personally operating Taobao Logistics? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "Taobao Logistics is mainly handled by one of my senior brothers. Recently, I have mainly been making corresponding preparations for some of the things that Minister Zhen of the Economic and Trade Commission discussed after his inspection."

Xie Yun asked with interest, "You also have a cooperation with the Economic and Trade Commission?"

Li Mu said, "It can't be considered a cooperation. I previously raised a request with Minister Zhen, hoping that the government can give some real incentives to the Internet. It's best if they can set up a government subsidy promotion policy for computer sales. This way, it can greatly promote the popularization of home computers in the country, and it can also promote the development of the entire Internet in the country."

Xie Yun was interested as soon as she came down and asked, "What kind of promotion policy?"

Li Mu briefly explained the policy plan of "computers entering the city". When Li Mu finished explaining the whole plan, Xie Yun and Zhao Xianliang both looked particularly surprised.

After a while, Xie Yun said, "Your Uncle Zhao and I have seen the news about Minister Zhen's inspection at Taobao. However, the media did not report on the closed-door discussion between you and Minister Zhen. Your Uncle Zhao and I were still discussing what exactly you would ask for from Minister Zhen. We originally thought that you would definitely take this opportunity to ask for more benefits for your company, but we didn't expect that you would actually ask for preferential policies for the entire industry. It's really amazing that you have such a breadth of mind."

Although Zhao Xianliang did not say anything, he also agreed with what Xie Yun said in his heart. Li Mu's vision was indeed not in line with his age. Most businessmen did not have the vision that he had. He could have obviously taken this excellent opportunity to ask for better exclusive preferential policies and run faster. He did not expect that Li Mu would actually ask for preferential policies for the entire industry. This really made him look at Li Mu in a different light. At the same time, he sighed in his heart, "The younger generation will surpass the older."

Li Mu said, "Actually, I am also a little selfish. Makino Technology has invested in Shenzhou Computer, so I also hope that Shenzhou can obtain a chance to advance by leaps and bounds with this preferential policy."

When he said this, Zhao Xianliang subconsciously asked him, "You have also invested in a computer manufacturing company?

Are you going to develop into physical manufacturing in the future? "

Ever since Zhao Xianliang first hired a private detective to investigate Li Mu's business situation, he had not paid attention to Li Mu's new business initiatives. It was only because of the rumors about Li Mu and Wei Lan that he focused his attention on Li Mu's private life. In the end, his private detective had never found any problems in Li Mu's private life. However, this was also because the private detective he had entrusted was afraid of Wang Yuanlang and did not dare to provoke Li Mu again.

During this period of time, other than the news about Li Mu's business, Zhao Xianliang did not take the initiative to pay attention to it. He also did not ask his private detective to investigate it again. Therefore, he did not know that Li Mu had actually invested in a computer manufacturing company.

Li Mu saw that Zhao Xianliang seemed to be very interested in this, so he explained in detail, "Uncle, it's like this. I invested in Shenzhou not to develop into physical manufacturing. My main purpose is to make use of Shenzhou and make it the engine that will lower the price of the home computer industry. For my internet business, the cheaper the computer, the more netizens there will be. If I can smash the price of the home computer, that will be the best."

…