Chapter 1162

At one o 'clock in the morning on New Year's Day, Li Mu's small business jet landed at Yanjing Airport.

The cold winter air in Yanjing made Li Mu feel refreshed when he just got off the plane. When the cold air entered his lungs, he felt a lot more refreshed.

On the spacious tarmac, Li Mu couldn't help but light a cigarette. The smoke accompanied the cold air. In Li Mu's opinion, it was the best combination.

Although Yanjing was foggy on New Year's Day and the PM2.5 level wasn't that low, Li Mu still felt a strong sense of familiarity. It seemed like he was used to this dry and cold weather. It was much more comfortable than the warm and humid weather in Shenzhen.

The VIP fleet arranged by the charter company had been waiting on the tarmac for a long time. When Li Mu smoked half of his cigarette, Wang Yuanlang had already sat in the driver's seat of the Benz car in the middle of the fleet.

This was something Wang Yuanlang had already confirmed with the charter company before he came. The car would be provided by the charter company. After the airport security check, he would be driving. Moreover, only he and Li Mu sat in the car. The other two bodyguards sat in the other cars in the fleet.

After Li Mu finished smoking, he got into the Benz car that Wang Yuanlang drove. The fleet of five cars quickly drove to Ziyun Villa.

Wei Lan always had the key to Ziyun Villa. As soon as she received Li Mu's text message, she left her residence and came over to tidy up the living room and Li Mu's bedroom.

For Wei Lan, after she confirmed her relationship with Li Mu in Shenzhen, her everything revolved around Li Mu. However, she was different from those girls who had to stick to their sweetheart. Wei Lan revolved around Li Mu by putting all her energy into working for Wanying Real Estate and considering various situations for Li Mu. In her heart, working for Wanying Real Estate was also working for Li Mu.

Due to the large age gap between her and Li Mu, Wei Lan never acted like a little girl in front of Li Mu. Even if she really missed him, she rarely showed it. This was the same even after they confirmed their relationship.

Wei Lan knew that there must be a variety of women around Li Mu. With a man like this, she probably wouldn't last long by relying on her looks, figure, and temperament. For her, she hoped to become an indispensable part of Li Mu's career. At the same time, she hoped to be able to give more care and consideration to Li Mu outside of the relationship.

Therefore, she was more attentive to the current layout of Li Mu's career than any of the women around Li Mu. She was also the woman around Li Mu who understood his overall industrial layout and strategic planning the most.

When Li Mu arrived at Ziyun Villa, it was already two o 'clock at night. The other cars in the fleet didn't follow into the villa. Only Wang Yuanlang drove Li Mu.

When the car entered the gate of the villa, Wei Lan was already wearing a thick down jacket and waiting in the courtyard. When the car drove in, she walked to the right side of the car and gently waved at Li Mu, who was in the car, with a face full of joy.

The 27-year-old Wei Lan was at the peak of a woman's perfect combination of appearance and temperament. Her slightly curled long hair wrapped around her neck and all scattered on her right shoulder, revealing a side of her impeccable face. There was no trace of makeup on it. Although the white down jacket on her body looked bloated, when paired with her slender legs wrapped in gray leggings, it seemed to have a different flavor.

When the car stopped, the first thing Li Mu said when he got out of the car was to look at her and ask, "It's so cold, why are you still standing outside?"

Wei Lan slightly smiled and shook her head. "It's not cold at all. It's 28 degrees in the house."

At this time, Wang Yuanlang had already slowly reversed the car out. The remote door slowly closed, leaving Li Mu and Chen Wan to enjoy this short period of time together without being disturbed.

They hadn't seen each other for some time. Although Wei Lan didn't show any abnormalities on the surface when facing Li Mu, she still felt a little shy like a young girl. Last time in Shenzhen, the two of them made rapid progress, but the side effect was that after coming back, Wei Lan always felt a little unreal. So when she saw Li Mu again, she felt a little nervous.

Li Mu was in his thirties and had been tempered by countless big scenes in his life. He had long been shameless, so he didn't feel embarrassed. Seeing that Wei Lan deliberately kept about a meter away from him, he directly walked in front of her and gently pulled her into his arms.

Wei Lan followed the movement of Li Mu's hand and leaned into Li Mu's arms. Li Mu didn't say anything, and neither did she. She just felt the warmth of his body, and her heart finally felt a little more real.

Half a minute later, Li Mu gently patted her back and softly said, "Let's go. Let's go inside."

Wei Lan nodded and reached out to fix her hair. The two of them walked into the villa together.

After entering the house, Wei Lan helped Li Mu hang up his coat and asked with concern, "Are you tired?"

Li Mu smiled. "I'm not tired. I just feel a little tired after sitting for a long time."

"Isn't being tired the same as being tired?" Wei Lan asked.

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. "Being tired is the feeling of not moving or doing anything. It's like staying at home for two days on the weekend."

Wei Lan thoughtfully nodded and said with a smile, "That seems to be the case."

Having said that, Wei Lan walked behind Li Mu and gently massaged his shoulders and neck through the back of the sofa. She asked him, "How long will you be staying in Beijing this time?"

"I'll leave tomorrow afternoon," Li Mu answered truthfully.

"You're in such a hurry?"

Wei Lan was a little disappointed. She guessed that Li Mu wouldn't be staying for long this time, but she didn't expect that he wouldn't even stay for 24 hours.

Li Mu sighed and said, "I have some urgent matters to deal with in Shenzhen, and I have to go to Hangzhou tomorrow."

"Are you going to Ziqiu's house?" Wei Lan asked.

Li Mu nodded and said, "Her parents called me and advised me to leave Shenzhen. I'm thinking of taking a day to visit them before I go back tomorrow."

Wei Lan didn't quite understand and asked Li Mu, "Why did they advise you to leave Shenzhen?"

"It's a long story."

Li Mu sighed and hesitated for a moment before he decided to tell Wei Lan the truth. Thus, he said, "There's a situation in Shenzhen."

Having said that, Li Mu told Wei Lan about Anne Hathaway's fever and being quarantined, as well as the hospital's leader and the vice mayor of Shenzhen.

After listening to him, Wei Lan was silent for a moment before she blurted out, "Then why do you have to stay in Shenzhen?"

Li Mu said, "Since I know about this, I can't just ignore it. From the hospital's attention, it can be seen that this disease is very dangerous. Moreover, Shenzhen and even the entire Guangdong Province's population is very mobile. No one can guarantee that this disease is only around Shenzhen. What if it has already started to spread?"

Wei Lan couldn't help but ask, "But what problem can you solve by staying there?"

Li Mu roughly explained his plan to Wei Lan. Although Wei Lan was a woman, she had a strong sense of the overall situation and looked at the problem very comprehensively. Therefore, after Li Mu explained his plan, she immediately understood Li Mu's intentions.

In Wei Lan's heart, Li Mu had always been a superhero, and what Li Mu said just now made his heroic image even greater. Because he was worried that an outbreak of an epidemic would cause social panic, Li Mu was able to take out more than two billion yuan to stock up on supplies. Not to mention a young man in his early twenties like him, even big entrepreneurs in their fifties or sixties might not have this kind of courage.

Wei Lan couldn't help but ask, "Have you ever thought that if things aren't as bad as you think, your two billion yuan might go down the drain? This is a very big risk. There are too few companies in the country that can bear two billion yuan of bad debts, and there are only a few that can bear one billion yuan."

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "You're right. Companies that can bear one billion yuan of bad debts have a market value of ten billion yuan or even higher. But what Taobao has is that I have a large amount of redundant funds in my hands. This fund is like a rolling snowball. As long as my platform's revenue doesn't plummet, and as long as my partners don't withdraw or run on me, this fund is still alive. Even if this two billion yuan turns into bad debts, I can slowly recoup it without worrying."

Wei Lan sighed, "Then wouldn't you be transferring all the risks to yourself?"

Li Mu smiled, "It doesn't matter. I can still bear this bit of risk. Although there are risks, as long as I have these preparations, once the situation worsens, my preparations will be of great use. I don't dare to say that I can directly help in curing the disease, but at least I can calm the hearts of the people."

Wei Lan nodded and softly said, "I understand what you said. Since you've already decided, then I'll definitely support you with all my heart."

Speaking up to here, Wei Lan couldn't help but remind, "But you must be more careful in Shenzhen City. Try not to go to crowded places. Wear a mask when you go out, and wash your hands first when you get home. I'll go buy some alcohol-based hand sanitizer for you tomorrow. You can keep some at home and bring it with you when you go out. Rub your hands with it often."

Li Mu smiled, "There's no need to go through so much trouble. My activities in Shenzhen City are very small. Aside from the place where I live, there's the logistics base."

"The logistics base is very dangerous."

Wei Lan said, "There are a lot of people there to begin with. Moreover, those freight drivers also travel all over the country. What if they carry the virus?"

Li Mu said seriously, "That's right. I'll send a message to Liu Shixiong and the people in charge of the other companies. Tell them to pay attention to the disinfection of the company's public areas and do a good job of basic defense."

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, he was about to take out his phone. Wei Lan hurriedly stopped him and said helplessly, "Look at the time. If you don't sleep, they still have to sleep. It's not too late to inform them tomorrow."

Li Mu's action just now was also subconscious. After being reminded by Wei Lan, he looked at the watch on his wrist. It was actually almost 2: 30.

Wei Lan was still massaging Li Mu's shoulders. She said, "I've prepared the bathwater for you. It's upstairs. Hurry up and take a bath, then have a good rest."