Chapter 653

Lin Ching-ah and the others saw Li Mu sitting on the ground as soon as they came in. They were all curious. Lin Ching-ah hurried to ask, "Li Zong, what happened to you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I was arrested by the police at first, but now they let me go. I don't want to leave." Then he couldn't help asking, "Why did you bring three guests here?"

Mei Yanfang took off her mask and sunglasses and said to Li Mu casually, "We just finished recording the show. Miss Lin said that something happened to you and you were in a hurry to leave. We asked her and found out that you were in the police station. We were all worried, so we followed you here."

Zhang Guorong also took off her mask and sunglasses. She asked Li Mu, "We thought you were in the office. Why did you come to the police station?"

Zhao Kang, Su Yingxue, and even Chen Ze and Song Liang were all shocked when they took off their masks. At first, they didn't recognize them because they were wearing masks and sunglasses. But when they took off their masks, they were shocked.

Mo Wenwei also took off her mask and said, "Li Zong, I heard that something happened to you. If we didn't come to see you, we wouldn't feel at ease."

Lu Changyong, who was at the door, felt that his brain was short of blood. He almost fainted at the door.

What kind of sin did he commit? What was the background of this guy? Why did these three Hong Kong superstars appear in his branch without saying a word? They seemed to have a very good relationship with this guy. Oh my god, was this really going to develop in the direction of piercing the sky?

Li Mu saw him standing at the door with a desperate look. He hurriedly shouted at him, "Is this how your branch treats guests?

Hurry up and ask someone to bring a chair here! "

Lu Changyong almost had a heart attack, but he didn't dare to neglect. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, this room is too small. It's too cramped for so many people. Would you like to move to the conference room?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "No, I'll stay here. I won't go anywhere else."

As he spoke, Li Mu said to Lin Ching-ah, Kong Lingyu, and Wang Nan, "Qingya, Lingyu, Wang Nan, send Chief Lu your name cards to get to know each other."

Lin Ching-ah placed the dishes in front of Li Mu and handed Lu Changyong her name card. Kong Lingyu and Wang Nan also handed their name cards to Lu Changyong.

Lu Changyong didn't dare to be negligent. He respectfully took them with both hands and looked at them. His heart suddenly shrank into a ball, so much so that he felt like his blood supply was insufficient. He could only lean against the door frame and look at the three business cards in his hand with despair.

General Manager of Makino Technology, Deputy General Manager of Makino Technology, Deputy Editor-in-Chief of Makino Technology YY Website …

Although Lu Changyong didn't know much about the Internet, how could he not have heard of the famous Makino Technology? Combined with the three famous Hong Kong stars in front of him, he finally realized that he had really made a big mess this time.

Su Yingxue didn't see the name cards, but she vaguely guessed some clues. Although she was shocked, she didn't say a word when she thought of Li Mu's previous instructions.

Lu Changyong wanted to die, but he still had to bite the bullet. He ordered his men to move several chairs in the conference room. It took a lot of effort to arrange these people to sit down, but Li Mu still refused to sit down. He sat on the ground and opened the lunch box that Lin Ching-ah brought. He wanted to pull Su Yingxue to eat with him.

Su Yingxue had no appetite. The scene of Cai Zhi's accident was still replaying in her mind. She was still immersed in pain and didn't feel hungry at all.

Therefore, Li Mu had to make do by himself. Under the gaze of so many people, he hurriedly ate a few mouthfuls to fill his stomach.

He hadn't eaten for the whole day, and he even fought with someone. He was exhausted. He felt that if he didn't eat, he would have hypoglycemia.

When Gu Jianghe rushed to the Western District Branch, Lu Changyong was already waiting at the door. Gu Jianghe's car stopped in front of the office building. When he got out of the car and saw Lu Changyong, the first thing he said was, "Where is Li Mu?"

Lu Changyong said with a sad face, "Chief Gu, I'm sorry. I've caused you trouble …" Then, he bowed 120 degrees with his belly full of fat.

Gu Jianghe wasn't in the mood to care about him. He said impatiently, "I'm asking you where he is!"

Lu Changyong straightened his body and said pitifully like a five-year-old girl, "Chief Gu, he's in the interrogation room now. He won't come out no matter what …"

"Bring me to him!"

The moment Gu Jianghe opened the door, everyone in the room looked up at him, including Li Mu, who was sitting on the ground and eating rice. When Gu Jianghe saw all the faces, his heart suddenly jumped.

What is going on?

Li Mu, Chen Ze, and the three Hong Kong and Taiwanese celebrities were all here. Li Mu is trying to blow this matter up!

Gu Jianghe could not help but worry. If Li Mu was the only one here, with Chen Ze's help, they might be able to fight for some leeway and come to an agreement in private to resolve this matter outside of the public's view. But looking at the situation in front of him, it was much worse than the worst-case scenario he had imagined. If Li Mu really wanted to expose this matter, with the three big stars adding fuel to the fire, there was no need to think about it. This news would definitely be the headlines of the entire country, and it would be a super treatment that would stay in the headlines for a few days straight.

For Gu Jianghe, if this matter was blown up, his dream of entering the ministry would be greatly hindered.

At present, there were four or five people like Gu Jianghe in the local public security system, but only three or four of them had the real power. Only these three or four people were in the first echelon of real power. In the next two or three years, there would be a vacant seat in the first echelon because an old comrade reached the retirement age. Whether Gu Jianghe could get that key seat or not, on the one hand, it depended on his contacts, on the other hand, it depended on his work results in the past few years. If Li Mu really made a national big news, he would inevitably be greatly affected.

He had learned about Li Mu's situation before. In his opinion, Li Mu was very rational and thorough in doing things. But the more rational he was, the more he could understand the reason why Li Mu was so impulsive today. This case must have completely infuriated him. Gu Jianghe had climbed step by step from being a policeman to where he was today. He had dealt with countless kinds of cases. He had his own theory. The more rational a person was, the crazier he would be the moment he lost his rationality.

On the other hand, Gu Jianghe was most worried about Chen Ze. Chen Ze's father's real power was far higher than his. And now, although Chen Ze generally had the mentality of mediating in the show, he was actually still partial to Li Mu. If Li Mu was satisfied, he would mediate; if Li Mu was not satisfied, he would directly choose a side. After all, the cooperation between him and Li Mu was not a secret in the eyes of many people in Yan Jing. If things went wrong and Chen Ze needed to express his attitude, then he would probably be partial to Li Mu. At that time, if Li Mu wanted to use public opinion as a weapon, with Chen Ze's support, Gu Jianghe would not be able to suppress him at all. At that time, the pressure would be even greater.

Before talking to Li Mu, Gu Jianghe had begun to worry in his heart.

At this time, Chen Ze came forward to help him. He said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, this is Uncle Gu that I told you about. Uncle Gu, this is Li Mu."

Li Mu sat on the ground and nodded with his lunch box. He said, "Hello, Director Gu. I'm sorry that my situation is a little special now. I've embarrassed myself."

Li Mu knew in his heart that if such a terrible case did not happen, if it was not because he had a powerful information dissemination ability, if it was not because of Chen Ze's support, someone like Gu Jianghe might not look up to him. He must have seen many rich and powerful people in Yan Jing, and he must have received a lot of respect and compliments from them.

Because of this, Li Mu felt that he had to be high-profile now. Only then would he have a bargaining chip.

"Not at all, not at all."

Gu Jianghe forced a smile and said, "I rushed over as soon as I heard Chen Ze mention this. I have a general understanding of the situation. Don't worry, I'm here to solve the problem. I will personally supervise this case and get to the bottom of it!"

Li Mu said, "Director Gu, may I ask when your men can start interrogating the fake suspect again?

Also, when can you start sending the police to arrest the real culprit? "

Gu Jianghe immediately said, "Don't worry, I will definitely get them to follow the proper procedures and arrest the real culprit."

…

As soon as Gu Jianghe said that, the efficiency of the Western District Sub-Bureau's investigation suddenly increased.

Under the gaze of Gu Jianghe, Lu Changyong, and all of Li Mu's friends and subordinates, Song Zheng gave Su Yingxue a thorough and detailed statement. Su Yingxue tried her best to suppress the grief and anger in her heart as she recounted the entire incident in detail.

From how the Bentley ran the red light and knocked Cai Zhizhi into the air, to the shocking scene of Cai Zhizhi lying on the ground with blood staining the asphalt road, to how the culprit pushed her to the ground in order to escape, and even how he turned around and smashed Su Yingxue's phone, Su Yingxue held back her tears. It was not until she finished recounting the details that she finally could not take it anymore and covered her face with her hands and cried silently.

Li Mu held her hand as he continued to narrate in detail what happened after Huang Jinxiao arrived at the sub-bureau. Lu Changyong was too ashamed to show his face, but he could only listen to the entire story without saying a word.

After Gu Jianghe heard the entire story, he finally understood why Li Mu would go all out and beat up Huang Jinxiao on the spot. Normal people would not need to experience this kind of thing personally. Just hearing about it would make them want to kill someone. Moreover, Li Mu could be considered to have experienced it himself. How could a normal man endure Huang Jinxiao's arrogance and threats after being exposed? No wonder Li Mu would go all out to fight Huang Jinxiao. It was all because Huang Jinxiao was too much of a bully.

Then, without waiting for Gu Jianghe's instructions, Lu Changyong immediately started to make up for the situation. Su Yingxue did not know the identity of the driver, but Lu Changyong knew it very well. He quickly ordered his men to pull out the files of the younger generations of the Huang family, so that Su Yingxue could identify them one by one. Su Yingxue immediately identified Huang Shuolun among these people. She firmly pointed at his black and white photo and said, "It's him!"

As one of the victims, Su Yingxue had already been identified as a suspect. The key evidence to arrest Huang Shuolun was also present. Lu Changyong immediately ordered his men to conduct an emergency interrogation on the driver who took the blame. They had to destroy his psychological defenses and force him to tell the truth. Secondly, the sub-bureau immediately sent out three teams. Two of them directly went to the Huang family's properties to arrest Huang Shuolun. The other team immediately went to the scene of the incident to conduct a second investigation. They would collect physical evidence from the car that caused the accident, and at the same time, they would look for other eyewitnesses and possible surveillance cameras in the surroundings. Lastly, the western district sub-bureau would issue an emergency notice, requesting the entire police force in Beijing to work together to arrest Huang Shuolun.