Chapter 1031

Zhao Ziqiu was shocked by her mother's words.

She naturally understood the meaning behind her mother's words. She wasn't surprised that her mother would interfere in the matter between her and Li Mu, but she never expected that her mother would single-handedly manipulate Su Yingxue to go abroad as an exchange student.

Zhao Ziqiu's heart instantly tensed up. She hurriedly asked, "Mom, you went to look for Su Yingxue?"

Zhao Ziqiu was afraid that her mother would go behind her back to look for Su Yingxue because of her and Li Mu. She had seen too many melodramatic plots in romance dramas. Whether it was her mother going to look for Su Yingxue, telling her about her and Li Mu, forcing her to leave Li Mu, or her mother writing a huge cheque to Su Yingxue to induce her to leave Li Mu, she couldn't accept it.

Zhao Ziqiu naturally hoped that one day, Su Yingxue would be able to withdraw from Li Mu's emotional world. However, she couldn't accept using external forces to achieve this goal, especially involving her family. Even if Su Yingxue really withdrew, she would still be very upset. The most important thing was Li Mu. If Li Mu found out that her family was using some underhanded means to make Su Yingxue leave him, one day, when Li Mu found out about it, he would definitely blame her.

Xie Yun could hear the nervousness in Zhao Ziqiu's voice. She comforted her, "Don't worry, I know what I'm doing. It's impossible for me to look for Su Yingxue and ask her to leave Li Mu. Even if I have to go through a lot of trouble, I can't lose my principles."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly asked her, "What's going on?"

Xie Yun said, "I asked your uncle to help me launch a small project in Harvard that cooperated with the National People's Congress. They gave eight second-year exchange spots to the National People's Congress's School of Economics. One of the spots was given to a foreign teacher from the National People's Congress, who in turn gave the spot to Su Yingxue."

With that said, Xie Yun added, "Su Yingxue has now voluntarily accepted the quota. Mom will naturally handle things flawlessly, so you don't have to worry about Li Mu finding out one day."

Zhao Ziqiu said anxiously, "Mom, I feel very uncomfortable …"

"What are you embarrassed about?" Xie Yun couldn't help but ask, "Do you feel bad?"

"A little …" Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and said, "I can't help but feel a little ashamed, but deep in my heart, I feel a little happy. It's too contradictory."

Xie Yun said, "You don't have to think about it, and you don't have to feel conflicted. Su Yingxue went to the United States was her own choice. Mom just gave her a chance to make her own choice, so you don't have to have any psychological burden."

Speaking of this, Xie Yun added, "And if she goes to the United States, it doesn't mean that she will break up with Li Mu. Mom is not helping you solve your relationship problems. Mom is just helping you fight for a window of time to focus on dealing with the problems. So whether you can grasp this opportunity is up to you, not me. If you don't have a clear explanation with Li Mu after half a year, then the day when Su Yingxue comes back from Harvard will be the day when you leave for Harvard. Mom is not discussing this with you, but informing you in advance. Do you understand?"

"I understand …"

Xie Yun said, "Mom won't say too much to you. There are a lot of things that you need to weigh and grasp on."

"I understand, Mom …"

After hanging up the phone, the guilt in Zhao Ziqiu's heart was relieved a lot, but a great deal of pressure followed.

She originally wanted to stay with Li Mu without any status. Anyway, her youth was just right, and she had plenty of time to accompany and wait for him. But she did not expect that the matter would be exposed, so that her mother strongly intervened in this matter. According to her mother, she only had half a year now. If Li Mu did not break up with Su Yingxue and did not clearly want to be with her, then she must leave Li Mu. There was definitely no room for negotiation.

Just when Zhao Ziqiu was in a trance, a Benz S-Class car stopped beside Zhao Ziqiu. The window was rolled down, and Li Mu was sitting in the car.

Although the car stopped beside Zhao Ziqiu, in the first few seconds, Zhao Ziqiu did not notice it. She looked at her toes in a daze until Li Mu coughed in the car and asked her with a smile, "Why are you in a daze?"

Zhao Ziqiu came back to her senses and looked up at Li Mu. She was stunned for half a second, and then immediately reacted. She hurriedly opened the door and sat in the car.

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu entered the car, Li Mu saw that she was unnatural. Not only was her eyes a little evasive, but her sitting posture was also a little like sitting on pins and needles. He couldn't help but ask her, "What happened just now?"

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly replied, "Nothing. I suddenly thought of something and was a little distracted …" Then, she quickly changed the topic and asked him, "Where are we going to eat?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Are you too muddle-headed?

Didn't we just say on the phone that we were going to eat hairy crabs? "

"Oh, yes, I'm a little confused now …" Zhao Ziqiu suddenly remembered that she had already told Li Mu on the phone that she wanted to eat crabs, and Li Mu also agreed. As a result, after her mother's call, her mind was a mess, and she couldn't remember what happened.

Li Mu helplessly shook his head, smiled and teased, "With your brain, I really don't know how you got into Yanjing University."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue and said, "I was thinking about something just now, so I was a little absent-minded."

Li Mu asked, "What were you thinking about that made you so focused?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I was thinking about you. You're going to the United States tomorrow, and I don't know how long I won't see you again. By the way, how long will you be going this time?"

Li Mu said, "I'll probably stay for ten days to half a month, depending on how things go."

"Oh …" Zhao Ziqiu still nodded. She wanted to ask something, but in the end, she gave up.

Li Mu drove Zhao Ziqiu to a famous restaurant for eating hairy crabs in Yanjing, and the two of them asked for a private room with a quiet environment.

For a child like Zhao Ziqiu who grew up in Jiangsu and Zhejiang and had a well-off family, eating hairy crabs in autumn every year was as common as eating watermelon in summer for Li Mu. Moreover, it was very common and addictive. If she didn't eat it for a few days, she would be very hungry. Although Li Mu didn't feel anything, he was happy to accompany Zhao Ziqiu every time. Seeing her eat contentedly, he also felt a sense of achievement.

At the dining table, Zhao Ziqiu always wanted to find a chance to ask Li Mu about Su Yingxue, but every time she had this thought, she resisted it. She was worried that if she asked too much, it would make Li Mu suspicious. The matter of her mother manipulating Su Yingxue to go abroad as an exchange student was already done, so she couldn't let him know no matter what.

When they were almost done eating, Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "By the way, what time is your flight tomorrow?"

Li Mu said, "10: 30 in the morning."

Zhao Ziqiu asked again, "Where are you flying to?

How long will it take? "

Li Mu said, "Seattle. It'll take about 12 hours to fly. I'll land around 7: 30 in the morning."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and asked, "Do you want me to send you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There are a few colleagues coming with me tomorrow. If you don't mind, it's fine."

Zhao Ziqiu stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "I forgot that you definitely won't be going to the United States alone. If that's the case, I won't send you off, lest I cause you trouble."

As she spoke, Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu affectionately with her big eyes and said with a bit of shyness, "I can't send you off tomorrow, can I change it to tonight?"

…

The next morning, when Li Mu woke up in the villa of Ziyun Villa, Zhao Ziqiu, who was by his side last night, was already gone.

After waking up, Li Mu realized that Zhao Ziqiu had woken up early and was preparing breakfast for him in the kitchen downstairs.

Zhao Ziqiu was wearing Li Mu's white shirt, and her two straight and slender legs were exposed. The white shirt was obviously a bit too big for her, and her shoulders were loose and loose. The sleeves were also a bit long, and the hem was just above her thighs. Although the shirt didn't fit her, it made Li Mu feel an indescribable feeling.

If one looked closely, they could see that under Zhao Ziqiu's white shirt, there was only a thin strip of lace cloth around her waist. Aside from the white shirt, her upper body was bare. Her slightly curly long hair spread over her shoulders, and no matter how one looked at it, it was impeccable.

Zhao Ziqiu didn't know that her unintentional dressing was Li Mu's favorite.

He didn't know where he developed this bad taste, but Li Mu especially liked the way women looked when they wore men's shirts. It was really a different kind of beauty.

Hearing the movement, Zhao Ziqiu turned around and saw Li Mu standing outside the kitchen door. She smiled sweetly and said, "You're awake!

We can eat soon! "

Li Mu walked forward and gently held her waist from behind. He put his head on her shoulder and looked at the two fried eggs that were still sizzling in the pot. He asked her, "Why did you get up so early?"

Zhao Ziqiu used the spatula to carefully push the fried eggs in the pot. She gently kissed Li Mu's cheek and said, "Your flight is at 10: 30 in the morning, so you should go out at 7: 30 or 8: 00. There's no breakfast nearby, so you can't go to the airport with an empty stomach, right?

I saw that there was bread, bacon, and eggs in the fridge, and they were all fresh, so I fried the bacon and eggs. The bread is in the toaster, and it's already baked. You can eat it later. "

Li Mu couldn't help but praise, "It seems that our big miss is going to become a little chef soon."

As he said that, his phone rang. It was Li Mu's assistant, Li Ziwei.

Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "I'll take this call first."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded, "Go ahead. Come in for dinner in five minutes."

Li Mu went out of the kitchen and answered the phone. Li Ziwei asked him, "Li Zong, are you up?"

Li Mu said, "I'm up. What's the plan for today?"

Li Ziwei said, "The motorcade is downstairs at my house. I'll leave with them right away. I'll pick up the others first, and then I'll pick you up."

After saying that, Li Ziwei asked Li Mu, "Where are you now?"

Li Mu said, "I'm at Ziyun Villa, but you don't need to pick me up. I'll drive to the airport myself."

…