Chapter 342

The banquet lasted until very late. When it was over, Li Mu drank quite a lot of alcohol. They were all people who came up to him to toast him. He deliberately did not drink white wine and responded with beer, but he still felt a little dizzy.

Before they left, Li Mu whispered to Su Yingxue beside him, "Honey, you drive later."

Su Yingxue said, "But I don't have much experience..."

Li Mu said, "It's okay, I'll give you directions from the side."

Hearing this, Su Yingxue did not think much and nodded in agreement.

Before they left, Li Mu raised his beer and toasted everyone again. After the filming was done, the filming was completed. What followed was the behind-the-scenes work such as post-production editing, effects, and sound mixing. Most of the people involved would not be involved, so they would not have a chance to meet again in the future other than working together again.

After the toast, everyone left after eating and drinking. Before Li Mu left, he pulled Ning Hao over and told him to prepare for the post-production work of the movie as soon as possible. Ning Hao was like he was on steroids and could not stop, so he immediately agreed to Li Mu and said, "I'll start tomorrow morning."

Li Mu said, "You don't have to be so anxious, at least give yourself a day off."

Ning Hao waved his hand. "I can't stay idle anymore. I'll finish our movie in one go and have a good rest during the New Year!"

Seeing that he was so enthusiastic about work, Li Mu did not say anything more. He only reminded him, "Don't forget to write a script."

Ning Hao nodded and said, "Don't worry, I already have a few stories in my head."

Then, Ning Hao whispered to Li Mu, "Boss, do you have resources in terms of distribution and cinema chains?

If you don't have resources, you have to hurry and find them. The income of a movie basically depends on distribution and cinema chains to make money. If you don't have enough resources in this area, it will be difficult to achieve a high box office no matter how good the movie is. "

Li Mu smiled. He knew that he did not have any resources in this area, but he already had a grand blueprint. He wanted to build his own cinema chain. The domestic film industry was not developed enough now. At this time, the cost of building a cinema chain was the lowest and the market was the most empty. If he controlled the cinema chain resources in advance before the box office explosion, it would be equivalent to controlling the fate of all the movies in the domestic market. After all, the cinema chain was the most direct and the most crucial link in taking money from the pockets of the consumers. It was as important to the film industry as Alipay and WeChat were to the e-commerce industry.

In the future, the market value of Wanda Cinema would be close to 100 billion, and this did not take into account its potential influence on the entertainment industry. Therefore, investing in a cinema chain was definitely a good deal.

However, there was also an awkward thing about investing in a cinema chain: the investment cost was too high, and the initial returns were slow. Li Mu definitely did not have the financial resources, but in the future, he could transfer a part of the shares of Makino Image to Makino Technology. In this way, he could get a sum of money from Makino Technology, and then continue to use Makino Technology to support this subsidiary. At the same time, Makino Image could also make money by itself. He could invest in some popular films and TV series that he knew well. If it was done well, it would definitely be a considerable income.

After eating and drinking to their heart's content, everyone walked out of the hotel together. Li Mu and Su Yingxue stood at the door hand in hand, waiting for the car. The valet of the star hotel drove the car to their side, then got out of the car and handed the car keys to Li Mu.

Li Mu turned his head and handed the car keys to Su Yingxue, saying, "You drive."

Su Yingxue nodded, took the car keys, and went to the driver's seat. Li Mu also opened the door and got in the car. Su Yingxue skillfully started the car, changed the gear, released the handbrake, and then slowly drove away.

At this time, a middle-aged man accompanied by a white-haired old man also walked to where Li Mu and Su Yingxue got in the car. The middle-aged man stared at Li Mu's GL8 in a daze, and the old man next to him asked, "Shaohua, what are you looking at?"

The middle-aged man suddenly came back to his senses, and his eyes moved away from the GL8. He hurriedly said to the old man next to him, "Nothing, Secretary Cao."

The old man nodded slightly. At this time, the driver drove an Audi A6 to the front, and the driver personally opened the back door for the old man. Before the old man got in the car, he said to the middle-aged man, "Shaohua, let Xiao Zhang take you home first."

The middle-aged man hurriedly said, "Secretary Cao, I'll take you home first. When you get home, I'll trouble Xiao Zhang to take me home."

The old man smiled and waved his hand, "I remember that your home is not far from here. I'll take you home first. Don't refuse, get in the car."

When the middle-aged man heard that the old man actually remembered that his home was not far from here, he was happy in his heart. He no longer insisted and said, "Thank you, Secretary Cao." Then he sat in the passenger seat.

The middle-aged man's home was indeed not far from the five-star hotel. The Audi drove to the community where his home was in less than ten minutes. Then the middle-aged man thanked the old man and asked the driver to take the old man home. Then he got out of the car and walked home.

On the way back, he thought of the scene he had just seen when he left the hotel. He couldn't help but feel anxious. He walked a few steps faster and quickly returned home. His wife was watching TV in the living room with his daughter. As soon as the middle-aged man entered the door, he waved to his wife on the sofa and said, "Yuehua, come back to the room. I have something to tell you."

Su Yuehua, who was watching TV, couldn't help but say, "Oh, if you have something to say, just say it now."

The middle-aged man was about to speak, but when he thought that his daughter was still with his wife, he gave up and continued, "Oh, you'd better come to the room. I have something to tell you in private."

"Oh, it's so annoying."

Su Yuehua had no choice but to stand up and walk to the bedroom. As she walked, she muttered, "What is it that is so mysterious, and it has to be said in the room …"

His daughter on the sofa also smiled and said, "Yes, Dad, what secret do you have with Mom that you can't tell me?"

The middle-aged man waved his hand at his daughter on the sofa and said with a smile, "Watch your TV!"

Then he hurried into the room, closed the door, and said to Su Yuehua, "I just accompanied Secretary Cao to Winston to catch up with a social event. When I came out, guess who I saw?"

"Who?" Su Yuehua frowned, her face full of curiosity.

Women were born to love to gossip, especially when their husbands spoke in such a tone. It was really a bit of a suspense.

At this time, Su Yuehua's husband, Wang Shaohua, lowered his voice and said, "I saw Ying Xue!"

"Ying Xue?"

Su Yuehua was even more surprised. "Ying Xue's school is in Zhongguancun. Winston is near our home, at least 20 kilometers away from her school. Why would she be here so late at night?

What was the situation at that time? Did you talk to her? "

Wang Shaohua hesitated for a moment and said, "Don't worry, I'll tell you. When I came out of Winston with Secretary Cao, I happened to see Ying Xue and a boy get into a car and leave."

"Left?" Su Yuehua asked, "You mean, she left Winston with a boy, right?"

Wang Shaohua nodded and said, "Isn't that obvious?"

Su Yuehua rolled her eyes at him. "Ying Xue is my niece. Of course I have to ask!"

After that, Su Yuehua asked nervously, "She came out of Winston with a boy so late at night. What's going on?"

Wang Shaohua spread his hands. "I don't know. Before they got in the car, I saw their backs holding hands. At that time, I didn't recognize her. Later, when the waiter drove the car in front of them, the boy gave the car key to Ying Xue, and when Ying Xue went around the front of the car to the driver's seat, I recognized her."

Su Yuehua's expression became even more nervous. "You mean, Ying Xue and a boy came out of Winston and drove away, or Ying Xue drove the car?"

Wang Shaohua nodded repeatedly. "Yes."

"How old is the boy?"

"He looks about the same age as Ying Xue."

Su Yuehua's heart suddenly tightened. She slowly sat on the edge of the bed and said to herself, "The car is definitely not Ying Xue's. That is to say, the car is most likely the boy's. He has a car at such a young age. Whether it's his or his family's, the boy's family should be considered good. Moreover, the two of them came out of Winston, and the consumption there is so high..."

Speaking of this, Su Yuehua suddenly stood up and asked hurriedly, "Do you think Ying Xue... she won't... won't she go astray?!"

Wang Shaohua didn't know how to respond to his wife's question. If he said no, the situation tonight really didn't make sense. If he said yes, his wife would probably go crazy.

Seeing that her husband didn't speak for a long time, Su Yuehua couldn't help but say, "No, I have to call Ying Xue and ask her."

"Don't!" Wang Shaohua hurriedly stopped her and said, "Why are you calling Ying Xue now?

How do you expect her to answer you on the phone? "

Su Yuehua said, "I have to ask her what is her relationship with that boy, and what is she doing so late at night!

My second brother only has one precious daughter. She is in Yanjing, and my second brother also entrusted me to take care of her. My second sister-in-law also specifically told me to help her pay attention to not let Ying Xue fall in love at school. Such a big thing, I have to ask her clearly. "

Wang Shaohua said, "This is not something that can be asked clearly by a phone call. Why don't we invite Ying Xue to our house for dinner another day, and then you can ask her in private. If you call her now, how can you ask the truth? On the contrary, it will make Ying Xue feel conflicted."

Su Yuehua was a little emotional as she said, "Ying Xue drove away with a boy. It's late at night. What if something happens between the two of them and Ying Xue is confused? What do you think we should do?"

Wang Shaohua looked at the time and said, "They have been gone for almost twenty minutes. It will take about half an hour to drive from here to the National People's Congress. Why don't you wait a little longer and call Ying Xue's dormitory to see if she has returned to the dormitory? They should have turned off the lights at 10: 30. There is less than half an hour left. If she hasn't returned to the dormitory at 10: 30, you can call her again. No matter what, no matter what excuse, we have to take her home tonight."

Su Yuehua thought for a moment and nodded gently. Her husband's method should be the most rational and appropriate. First, he would bet that Ying Xue did not fall in love, or everything was appropriate, and she would rush back to the dormitory before the lights went out. If not, then things would be a little too much. She would directly call her cell phone. As her husband said, no matter what, they had to get her home first.

…

At this moment, Li Mu and Su Yingxue were still on the way back to the National People's Congress. Although Su Yingxue had not been on the road much, there were not many cars at night, so she drove relatively smoothly. Li Mu would give her directions from time to time, and he was at ease with her driving.

As Su Yingxue drove, she asked Li Mu, "Are you okay?

Does your head still hurt? "

"A little." Li Mu rubbed his temples. "I have a headache after drinking too much beer, but other than that, I'm fine."

Su Yingxue said, "Then, are you going back to the dormitory tonight?"

"I'm not going back."

Li Mu said, "I have to take a hot bath and have a good sleep. The dormitory doesn't have that condition, so I'll go to Yucheng Garden."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and asked him, "You drank so much, can you do it by yourself?"

Li Mu took advantage of the situation and said, "Of course not."

Su Yingxue asked him subconsciously, "Then what should I do?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You accompany me. At least you can pour me a glass of water or something. If I'm not feeling well, you can take me to the hospital or help me call an ambulance."

Su Yingxue asked nervously, "Is it that serious?"

Li Mu said, "It's better to be safe than sorry. My alcohol tolerance is average, and I drank more than I usually do tonight. If I don't feel well at night, and there's no one around to take care of me, something might really go wrong. For example, what if I slip and fall while I'm taking a bath?

So, the best way is for you to accompany me to Yucheng Garden tonight. "

Su Yingxue thought for a moment. Seeing that Li Mu's face was really red from drinking, she was afraid that he would really have an accident in Yucheng Garden, so she agreed. "Okay, I'll accompany you tonight."

Li Mu was waiting for this sentence. Hearing Su Yingxue agree, he hurriedly said, "You can't go back on your word."

Su Yingxue knew that Li Mu had some thoughts, so she nodded with a little shyness and said, "I won't go back on my word, but you can't go too far."

Li Mu asked her, "What's going to be considered going too far?"

Su Yingxue rolled her eyes at him and said angrily, "Just like before."

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "Madam, can't you give me a discount?"

"I can't."

Li Mu chuckled. It was useless to say it out loud. He had to fight for it with his actions. Anyway, he had made up his mind that he would not sleep in separate rooms tonight. At the very least, he would hug Su Yingxue and sleep soundly for the whole night.

Su Yingxue drove the car to Yucheng Garden. As soon as they got home, Su Yingxue urged Li Mu to take a shower to refresh himself. Li Mu also realized that he was full of the smell of alcohol, so he rushed into the bathroom to take a shower. Su Yingxue helped Li Mu clean up the room, sorted out some random things, and helped Li Mu put a few clothes in the bedroom into the washing machine.

At 10: 30, a phone call came to Su Yingxue's room on time. Her roommate picked up the phone and heard a woman say, "Hello, I'm looking for Su Yingxue from your room."