Chapter 957

The news of Taobao's 929 promotion and daily sales reaching 8.22 billion yuan reached the headlines of all the domestic news media.

All the media and people were discussing the 8.22 billion figure with an impossible, unbelievable, and inconceivable attitude. However, none of the media questioned the authenticity of this figure. Instead, they looked for all kinds of in-depth and detailed news points to carry out further supplementary reports.

In major events, the law of the media reports was highly unified, much like the process of creating a sketch.

At the beginning, the major media did not have too detailed and in-depth inquiries. They only had an overall framework, so they first sketched out a simple composition of the sketched object. They first let the audience know that this time, they wanted to draw a portrait. As for what kind of person they wanted to draw, they did not need to be anxious. Wait for them to handle the details step by step, structure the layers, darkness, and the main and secondary, and finally present a lifelike portrait in front of them.

As the media reports continued to deepen, all kinds of supporting evidence for the 8.22 billion figure surfaced one by one.

First, Taobao released a summary data. In this data, Taobao listed the top ten sales companies in the 929 promotion. The first company was P&G, with sales of 760 million yuan; the second was Kerry Grain and Oil, with sales of 530 million yuan; the third was Unilever, with sales of 390 million yuan; and the fourth was Metersbonwe, with sales of 330 million yuan …

Only then did the people of the country realize that more than 80% of the 8.22 billion sales were contributed by these well-known companies and their products. The ins and outs were very clear.

Even so, there were still some people who were unwilling to believe it. They thought that the 8.22 billion sales of Taobao's website had a lot of exaggeration in it.

Then, the first person in charge of the company to stand up appeared.

When the person in charge of P&G Group, Hua Xia, was interviewed by the media, she announced to the reporters with great certainty: On the day of the 929 promotion on Taobao, the products of many brands under P&G had received a total of 763.5 million yuan in orders from Taobao.

100 million yuan. It was more detailed than the 760 million yuan announced by Taobao. This data was personally admitted by the world's top 500 companies, proving that the data publicized by Taobao was not exaggerated at all.

After P&G announced the data, the whole country was in an uproar.

Those who doubted the authenticity of Taobao's data tactfully shut their mouths. The national media and consumers began to happily solve the math problems.

The TV station said that according to the retail price of Shufujia soap of 3.5 yuan per bar, it was equivalent to P&G selling more than 200 million bars of soap on Taobao in one day …

Netizens began to spread their thoughts. Some people said that P&G had sold more than 30 million bottles of Head & Shoulders in a day.

Some people said that P&G had sold more than 50 million bottles of shampoo in a day.

The most interesting thing was that a netizen with bad taste said that P&G was equivalent to selling 100 million packs of sanitary napkins in a day in Taobao, and if they opened them one by one, they would be able to circle the earth several times …

Subsequently, P&G provided detailed data. In one day, Shufu Jia Soap did not sell more than 200 million yuan, but it still sold an astonishing 30 million yuan. The real sales champion under P&G was the family promotional set of the Body and Wash Combination. More than 3 million sets were sold in one day, generating more than 200 million yuan in sales.

Coupled with other brands, P&G earned 760 million yuan in sales in Taobao in one day.

For a company like P&G, which was one of the world's top 500 companies, it was nothing. In fact, it was nothing to the Hua Xia region. However, this additional publicity effect was really what they wanted. Therefore, they immediately had a very in-depth interaction with the media. Not only did they disclose the specific sales data of all P&G's brands in one go, but even their Hua Xia region president personally came out to accept an interview and support Taobao.

This Frenchman named Hua Xia, also known as Luo Hongfei, had just taken over the position of the Hua Xia region president of P&G last year. After the big 929 promotion of Taobao, the reason why he was the first to stand up for Taobao was that he realized that the attention caused by the 929 promotion of Taobao this time was too high. Any company that performed well in the 929 promotion was equivalent to getting a chance to be in the headlines for free. The sooner he stood up, the sooner he could attract attention for P&G.

Luo Hongfei had been the president of Hua Xia region for a year, but when he was in charge of the Hua Xia region, the best years of P&G in Hua Xia had passed. With the entry of other international giants and the continuous rise of local brands in Hua Xia, P&G's share in Hua Xia had been constantly decreasing.

Luo Hongfei often felt anxious. The layout of Unilever in Hua Xia was getting bigger and bigger, and it gradually had the momentum to catch up with P&G. This made Luo Hongfei always be on guard, and he tried every means to fight against it.

Sometimes, as long as Luo Hongfei saw Unilever's advertisement on TV, he would feel a burst of irritation and uneasiness. The feeling of being chased and beaten in all directions was really not good.

Now, every business of P&G was in a state of encirclement and suppression in Hua Xia. For example, P&G had several well-known shampoo brands, such as Head & Shoulders, Piaoro, and Pantene. In the past, the advertising slogan "Zhang Depei trusts Piaoro" once made Piaoro popular all over the country in Hua Xia. However, the competitors did not give P&G a chance to dominate. Brands such as Luishi and Xia Shilian also had a considerable market share in Hua Xia, and their exposure was also very high, threatening P&G's hegemonic position at all times.

What's more, there were many domestic products on the rise recently, such as Yangcheng Haodi, which was advertising everywhere. Although these brands were not a direct threat to P&G's development, after the number of these brands increased, they could also pose a threat like a group of ants biting.

The more this was so, the more Luo Hongfei wanted to find a new breakthrough point.

And Taobao was the new breakthrough point that he accidentally seized!

This time, compared to Unilever, P&G showed a more sincere cooperation attitude. Not only did it give enough profit concessions, but it also specially launched a very cost-effective family set for online shopping users. For the first time in cooperation with Taobao, it launched a customized service, which was really giving enough face.

And Li Mu did not let Luo Hongfei down. In order to affirm P&G's cooperation attitude and to set a good example for other brands, Taobao deliberately gave P&G the most display space and the highest exposure. Now, P&G also received the highest sales, which was enough to set a good example for other brands and convey a fundamental idea: the more serious you are to me, the more I will invest in you.

In an interview with a reporter, Luo Hongfei said, "We believe that Taobao will have a deeper impact on the daily consumption and life of the people of Hua Xia in the future. Therefore, for a company like P&G that focuses on the production of fast consumer goods, Taobao will definitely become a very important sales channel for us in the future. Therefore, in the future, we will definitely continue to cooperate with Taobao. At the same time, we also hope that Taobao can continue to grow. We hope that the daily sales of the next Taobao promotion can exceed the 10 billion mark, and P&G will definitely be able to rely on a precise multi-brand strategy to make our sales on Taobao exceed the 1 billion mark."

In front of the media, Luo Hongfei not only affirmed Taobao, but also boasted about P&G. With the popularity of Taobao's 929 promotion, it was equivalent to a round of free advertising worth tens of millions of yuan.

In addition, Luo Hongfei also understood that supporting Taobao through the media could further enhance the close cooperation between P&G and Taobao. It was definitely a good way to kill many birds with one stone.

Seeing that Luo Hongfei had stepped forward and allowed P&G to appear in the major media for free, the other brands could not sit still anymore.

All of a sudden, all the companies in the top ten list published by Taobao accepted interviews from the media and issued statements through the media. While confirming the authenticity of Taobao's data, they did not forget to promote their own companies. Even those companies that did not make it into the top ten also paid out of their own pockets to invite the local media to interview them. They also spent money to find a soft text company to post their news on the secondary or even tertiary pages of the major portals.

In short, as soon as Li Mu woke up, the entire society had already set off a wave of "riding on the popularity of 929".

The news related to the 929 promotion on Taobao was so popular that on September 30th, the dissemination of other news was almost weakened by half.

Just as the 929 promotion on Taobao dominated the news pages of the major media, the Yanjing Public Security Bureau sorted out the specific materials of the "Yanjing 9.28 Kidnapping Case" and reported them to the Ministry.

In the materials, the Municipal Bureau introduced the entire process of the "Yanjing 9.28 Kidnapping Case" in detail. In this internal information, the names and information of Li Mu and Wei Lan were naturally not hidden.

The Ministry, which was also in Yanjing, did not even hear that such a vicious criminal case had occurred right under their noses. The person who was kidnapped was not only a senior executive of a company in Yanjing, but also a senior executive of a company in which Li Mu was a shareholder. Li Mu was now the topic of the news. Anything related to him, especially if it involved criminal offenses, was very sensitive.

And this time, the kidnappers were not only extremely professional, but during the process of kidnapping and extortion, they also offered the highest ransom in the history of Yanjing. 30 million yuan plus 10 million US dollars, which was equivalent to more than 110 million yuan. This shocked the Ministry even more.