Chapter 246

The next morning, Li Mu rented a car. In the morning, he took his classmates from afar to the beach for a walk. At noon, he arranged for them to have lunch in the ecological park, but Li Mu did not stay. This group of people got along with him every day. It was too common for them to eat together. Now, his parents became the people who ate together the least. So, Li Mu accompanied his parents for lunch and tasted his mother's long-lost cooking. The family of three was happy.

In order to open a taxi company and the future B round financing of Makino Technology, Li Mu went to see Song Liang in the afternoon.

Song Liang did not expect that Li Mu, who was working in an Internet company with a valuation of more than 100 million yuan in Yan Jing, still had the energy to think about opening a taxi company in Haizhou.

However, after listening to Li Mu's story, Song Liang admired him a little more. Zhao Kang, as a young man who had just gone to college, could earn nearly one million yuan in a few months with Li Mu. He also got 5% of Makino Technology's shares, which was enough to be called a pie falling from the sky. But Li Mu could even tell that Li Mu wanted to do this business now. It turned out that he wanted to find a career for his friend's father.

Song Liang was also surprised in his heart. Was Li Mu sometimes a little too much? But on second thought, he must have thought about this, so he let his parents also invest, and the shares were 50% with Zhao Kang's father. In this way, it was not a help, but a cooperation. If Zhao Kang's father ran the business well, while making money for himself, he was also making money for Li Mu's family.

After thinking about it, Song Liang said to Li Mu, "It's easy to get a taxi company and a car license. But 20 cars, isn't it a little less?"

Li Mu said, "It's not a little less. 20 cars will cost more than one million yuan. Zhao Kang doesn't have much money in his hands."

Song Liang said with a smile, "How can there be 100% cash investment in business?

This business can be done with a loan. "

"Loan?"

Song Mingliang nodded. "Buy ten cars first, then use the ten cars to get a mortgage, and then use the cars we bought as collateral. This way, we can solve at least 40% of the capital problem. Moreover, the interest rate of the loan is not high now. It's quite worth it."

As he spoke, Song Liang smiled and said, "I can help you find someone in this regard. You don't have to go through the trouble of buying and mortgaging, buying and mortgaging again. Just let the bank give you an ultra-low-interest loan. As long as you take out one million, it won't be a problem to borrow two million."

Li Mu asked him curiously, "How low is the ultra-low level?"

Song Liang thought about it and smiled. "It's almost the same as the interest of a two-year deposit."

Li Mu was stunned. "So low?!"

The interest on the loan was almost the same as the interest on the deposit. Wasn't the interest too low?

The current two-year fixed interest rate should not even be 3% …

Song Liang said with a smile, "The bank also has a task to grant loans every year. As long as the task is completed well and the amount of deposits absorbed increases, even interest-free loans can be obtained through relationships. You may not have been in contact with loans, but I deal with loans all day long."

Li Mu lowered his head and thought for a moment. If he really invested one million and loaned two million, he could almost buy forty or fifty cars with three million, which was more than double his original plan. However, the capital only needed to take up one million, even two or three hundred thousand less than his original investment.

Now investing in a taxi company, the only thing Li Mu was not sure about was the operating ability of Zhao Kang's father. However, as long as he bought forty or fifty cars, he would definitely make a profit.

So Li Mu said, "Then I'll leave this matter to you, Brother Liang. I can only stay in Haizhou for two days. I'll leave tomorrow night. I'll ask Zhao Kang's father to contact you directly later."

Song Liang nodded and said, "Don't worry about this. I'll definitely help you get it done."

Li Mu was also very confident in him. After all, he was also a local tyrant in Haizhou. With him, there was basically no problem that couldn't be solved.

In the past, Li Mu was afraid that asking Song Liang for help would not be good for him, but now the two were a community of interests. Song Liang held 5% of the shares in Makino Technology, and he also left 5% of the shares in the new building in Sanpai Tower in Haizhou, waiting for Li Mu to invest. He had mentioned this matter to Li Mu at the beginning, but Li Mu had no money at that time, so the matter was temporarily shelved.

After talking about the taxi company, Li Mu just wanted to talk to Song Liang about Makino Technology. Song Liang took the initiative to ask Li Mu, "When are you going to get the shares I left for you in Sanpai Tower?

The project has started now, and it can be opened in early 2003. "

Li Mu asked him, "How much is it?"

Song Liang said with a smile, "The start-up is more than 68 million, and 5% is 3.4 million."

Li Mu stuck out his tongue and said, "Oh, it's so expensive. I can't afford it for the time being."

Song Liang said with a smile, "Come on, you're worth so much just because you have one share in Muye."

Li Mu said with a smile, "But I don't have enough cash. That's the most embarrassing thing."

Song Liang shook his head and said with a smile, "For the sake of Makino Technology making so much money, I'll help you pay the 5%. When you cash out, you can give it to me. The profit of real estate is not as high as that of the Internet. The cost of this building and the growth of the house price should be quadrupled at the beginning of 2003. Compared with Muye, it's nothing."

Li Mu saw that Song Liang seemed to feel a little indebted to him. At first, he didn't expect that Makino Technology would make so much money. Its valuation had multiplied several times in a few months. The 5% shares he promised Li Mu at the beginning now seemed insignificant compared with what Li Mu had brought him.

Moreover, Song Liang was far-sighted. His intuition told him that if he held 5% of Makino Technology's shares, it might become his greatest wealth in the future.

Li Mu didn't refuse Song Liang's kindness. Although it was somewhat inappropriate to sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' labor without paying, he had to give Song Liang a chance to find a balance. If he behaved shamelessly in this matter, Song Liang would be more at ease in the matter of Muye.

Therefore, Li Mu said, "How about this, Brother Liang? Help me pay for the five points first. When the real estate opens, help me convert the five points into the area of the house. When I have enough cash on hand, I will give the money to you."

Song Liang nodded. "Okay, but I suggest you wait until the house is sold. I'm not in a hurry to use the money."

Li Mu didn't care and said shamelessly, "Okay, as long as you don't have any objections, I have no objections."

Song Liang asked again, "Are you short of cash?

If you need it, I can prepare some for you. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't need cash. I don't have a lot of money to spend at the moment."

Song Liang said, "Anyway, if you need anything, just let me know. Don't treat me like an outsider."

Li Mu nodded and said, "By the way, there's something I want to ask you. You can give me some advice."

"Go ahead."

Li Mu said, "I want to kick Baidu out of Muye."

Song Liang couldn't help but sit up straight. He squinted and asked, "What's wrong?"

Li Mu said three points, "First, Baidu has been ambitious for Makino Technology from the beginning. If they are kept in the company, every financing in the future will be a war without any results."

Song Liang agreed and said, "Indeed, Baidu wanted to buy you out from the beginning."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Second, Baidu's help to Muye is becoming less and less useful. Baidu's current traffic is not very amazing, and it has just begun to explore its profit model. Muye's future development direction will not rely too much on search engines."

Song Liang said, "I don't understand this. You have to think about it yourself. What is the third point?"

"The third point is that I think Baidu will go astray in the future. They have already started to make bidding rankings. If they only pursue profits, it will bring a lot of trouble in the future."

Song Liang asked him, "What kind of trouble?"

Li Mu said, "There are all kinds of possibilities. For example, you are messing around outside and accidentally get sick. You want to search on Baidu where you can cure it. In the end, it recommends those evil doctors on the telephone poles to you. You don't know the truth and go to them for treatment. Not only are you cheated of your money, but you also delay the treatment."

Song Liang laughed and scolded, "Can't you make an analogy with someone else?"

Li Mu said, "You will feel better if you make an analogy like this."

Song Liang gave Li Mu the middle finger and asked a question, "Why did Baidu recommend those evil doctors to me?"

Li Mu said, "Because they pay a lot of money when bidding for keywords. For example, you searched for gonorrhea …"

Song Liang waved his hand. "Okay, stop talking. I understand. I really want to f * ck them."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "That's why I want to kick them out of Makino Technology. Strictly speaking, there is actually a fourth reason, which is profit. If we can take back the 10% of Baidu's shares and directly lend it to the Series B investment bank, we can probably get back 50 million yuan."

Song Liang asked him, "Then what are you going to do?"

Li Mu said his multi-pronged method.

After listening, Song Liang said, "It's very insidious, but it's also very classic. The business world has always been full of deception and bare-handed fighting. It's only right to play some tricks. I don't have any opinions. The only thing I hope is that you can make Baidu happily withdraw from Muye and enter Yi Ting, so that other investment banks won't have any opinions about you in the future."

Li Mu understood what he meant. He was afraid that he would ruin his reputation in the investment banking circle, so he nodded and said, "I will strive to make both sides satisfied. I will only do this kind of thing like kicking people out of the car halfway. In the future, I will carefully screen every investment bank that comes in and cooperate with them until the end."

Song Liang asked, "If Makino Technology is financing the Series B, do you have an investment bank in mind?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I receive emails with investment intentions almost every day, but at the moment, it seems that they are all the same. Makino Technology is still preparing a few big moves, and the real financing will wait until the big moves are released."

Song Liang said, "With your development speed, Makino Technology can go public in a few rounds of financing."