Chapter 572

Over 80 former QQ employees who followed Liu Xuebin from Shenzhen to Beijing and joined Sina felt unprecedented anger at this moment.

Sina had treated them strictly and did not care about their feelings. But they did not expect there was such a big secret behind this. No wonder when everyone was deciding whether to join Sina or Makino Technology, Liu Xuebin encouraged them to join Sina and purposely described Makino Technology as unfriendly and arrogant. His motive was to get Sina's signing fees!

Over 80 employees were betrayed by Liu Xuebin and joined an unreliable company. They were asked to leave before they could even warm their seats, but Liu Xuebin became the biggest winner. He had earned 500,000 RMB within 2 months!

The employees who were filled with righteous indignation were so angry that they immediately wanted to confront Liu Xuebin. However, Liu Xuebin was nowhere to be found.

Liu Xuebin had left Sina's office building in his newly bought car. Although he felt guilty and does not know how his ex-employees will look at him in the future, he could not care less about what others will think of him. Anyway, he had signed the termination agreement, and he does not need to come back to Sina in the future. Also, he had gotten the money. He had bought a house and a car. This was the most practical thing. Even if he was scolded by his ex-employees, it was worth it.

Realizing that Liu Xuebin had already left without saying a word, the hearts of the eighty or so people were instantly broken into pieces. Along the way, they saw that everyone was stuck in a quagmire, but their leader had already slipped away. Moreover, he had taken their heads and escaped!

500,000 RMB!

More than eighty people were sold for six thousand yuan each!

Not only were they betrayed by him, but he left without saying a word at this time. This action was simply too hurtful. Originally, they could not accept the dismissal of more than 80 people, and Liu Xuebin's ruthless betrayal made them feel even more despair.

More than 80 employees refused to sign the termination agreement and tried to put pressure on Sina. They wanted Sina to compensate them with 2 months' salary before they sign the agreement. But Sina's HR Director told them: According to the law, if a company wants to fire an employee who had worked for less than 6 months, they only need to notify the company 30 days in advance or compensate them with half a month's salary. Even if the employees refused to sign the agreement, Sina can still terminate their contracts. As long as the company pays their salaries and compensations, these employees will not be able to sue for arbitration. Sina's actions are legal and reasonable.

So, Sina gave these 80 employees an ultimatum. They must hand over all their stuff and leave the company before the end of the day. If not, the company will call the police.

All of a sudden, more than eighty people became disgusted and abandoned children. For a moment, a pessimistic mood spread throughout the department. Everyone gathered in the department's office hall, looking sad and sighing.

Some people called their friends and classmates who are lawyers to ask if what Sina is doing is as reasonable and legal as they claim. All the answers they received were positive. The labor law's support for an employee's benefits depends on how long the employee has worked for the company. For people like them, who have not worked for more than half a year, they can only get half a month's compensation.

After consulting many professionals, these 80 employees did not argue with Sina anymore. All of them decided to follow Sina's instructions and hand over their stuff.

A few people from the HR department helped them with all the procedures. Seeing that they were no longer making trouble and protesting, the HR director said to the eighty-odd people, "If you don't want to leave now, you can stay here until after you get off work."

More than 80 people did not want to leave with their own things at this time. Anyway, their department had their own big office, and everyone could stay there for a while. It would not be so awkward to leave after work.

After the HR director left, the 80 people gathered together. They either stood or leaned against the table. They formed a circle and sighed with each other.

Someone sighed. "I didn't expect that bastard Liu Xuebin to cheat us. We trusted him so much, and he betrayed us. He did not even say goodbye to us when he left!"

Someone added, "Forget it. Now that things have come to this, there's no point in scolding him. He's obviously guilty and will hide from us in the future. The most important thing for us now is to think about where we should go."

"Where should we go?

Just look for a job if we lose our jobs. What else can we do? "

"Sigh … I want to go back to Shenzhen. No matter what, Shenzhen's environment is better than Beijing."

"Forget it. Shenzhen is as hot as a dog. I don't want to go back, and I can't afford the hassle. I will just look for a job in Beijing."

"That's right. There are more internet companies in Beijing, and there are more job opportunities."

"But we can't show off our two failed jobs at Tengxun and Sina!

We have been working for so many years, and we can't still be getting a newbie's salary, right? "

"No choice. Newbie's salary is fine. We have to survive first …"

Someone said, "Sigh … I should have gone to Makino Technology. Although the money is not as much as Sina, it is much more stable than here!"

Someone replied, "What's the point of saying all this now?"

Someone else said, "Contact Chen Hui. Otherwise, Makino Technology might be willing to accept us!"

Someone else said, "Forget it. Sina only gave in because of Makino Technology's pressure. Maybe Makino Technology is taking revenge on us. Why would they accept us?"

"Ask Chen Hui. We won't lose anything anyway. After all, with our current situation, entering Makino Technology is the best way out."

Everyone agreed with this. To them, the best thing to do was to join Makino Technology when Chen Hui first recruited them. That way, whether it was work or life, they could move forward steadily. Sina giving up on UC further proved Makino Technology's current strength. If they had the chance to join Makino Technology again, none of these 80 people would reject it. They would also work hard and not be tempted by people like Liu Xuebin.

Therefore, among the 80 people, a programmer who was closer to Chen Hui stood up and said, "I will send a message to Chen Hui now and ask him!"

…

Chen Hui's performance at work was outstanding recently. Ever since Zhang Yao joined Makino Technology and they got back together, Chen Hui had a motivation that he never had in his life. To him, this was the beginning of a beautiful life. Naturally, he would work harder to make his life better.

The few former QQ employees who followed Chen Hui to join Makino Technology had already adapted to the rhythm of Makino Technology. They were very satisfied with their work here. During this period, Chen Hui had talked to these colleagues privately. They estimated that Sina would soon be unable to withstand the pressure and get rid of the UC department. At that time, the 80 over colleagues would probably lose their jobs again.

A few of his subordinates also asked Chen Hui. After all, he was the only one who had direct contact with Li Mu. He should know if Li Mu was still interested in his old team. If he was still interested, maybe after Sina got rid of the UC department, he could still take these old employees back.

But Chen Hui was not sure. He didn't think that Li Mu was a narrow-minded person, but the key was that Liu Xuebin's previous meeting with Li Mu was a little too much. Li Mu was the CEO of an internet company worth billions, and he personally invited him to meet. In the end, Liu Xuebin played tricks with Li Mu. He wasn't talking about cooperation with Li Mu at all, but it was to brush off Li Mu and his team members. If Chen Hui was in Li Mu's shoes, he would also be angry in his heart.

So Chen Hui didn't think of going over to Li Mu to verify this matter. After all, his own matters had troubled Li Mu too much. His level was so far apart from him, it wasn't appropriate to always look for him to meet him frequently.

But Chen Hui didn't think that Sina would get rid of the UC department so quickly. He was still at work when he received a message from an old colleague saying: The UC team has been disbanded. All the employees have signed the contract. Liu Xuebin also ran away. Maybe it was because he was afraid that the signing fee of 500,000 would be exposed, so he didn't dare to face everyone.

Chen Hui was quite shocked. He thought that Sina would still hold on for a period of time, but he didn't expect that Makino Technology only blocked them for two to three days, and they completely gave up.

Following that, that old colleague expressed to him: Now everyone is very depressed and confused, and wants to ask him if there's still a chance to join Makino Technology.

Chen Hui heard that Liu Xuebin took a large sum of money for the signing fee, and even slipped away at the critical moment. So many people followed him from so far away, hoping that they would have a good development under his leadership, but he didn't expect them to be sold out by him without any mercy. Now, more than 80 people had lost their jobs not long after they arrived in Yanjing, and the situation was indeed quite worrying.

Chen Hui also hoped that they could join Makino Technology. On one hand, it would give them a stable, healthy, and developing working environment. On the other hand, the company was constantly expanding its technical team, and the product lines were also increasing. More than 80 technical talents joining would be a great boost to the company's technical research and development capabilities, especially since their main experience was in instant messaging. Once they came, they could directly enter the YY department, and it could release the all-rounder or more technical talents that were more focused on other products in the YY department.

So Chen Hui made a decision. He would look for his leader to discuss this matter again, and do his part for these brothers and sisters who had worked with him in the past.

Chen Hui said in the group, "Everyone, don't be anxious. I'll give feedback to my leader right now, and try to fight for a chance for everyone to join Makino Technology."