Chapter 562

As a portal, Sina's biggest influence is the direction of online public opinion, and this has become their biggest reliance against Makino Technology.

However, there was a basic rule that had to be followed. If one wanted to defame one's opponent through public opinion, the first thing one had to do was to ensure that one's voice was better than the opponent's. Otherwise, one would be asking for trouble and humiliation.

Sina can describe Makino Technology as a Nazi that wreaks havoc on the internet, but Makino Technology has more users than Sina. If it escalates to a public opinion war, Sina might not be able to gain the upper hand.

It was precisely because of this that Chen Tong felt that all other solutions were nonsense at the moment except to find a way to reconcile with Li Mu. Today, Muye Technology had only raised Series B financing, and there was no sign of it going public. But this did not mean that it was worse than the veteran Internet companies listed on NASDAQ, such as NetEase, Sina, and Sohu. In fact, Muye Technology had developed into an invisible behemoth. Once it opened the door to the capital market, its valuation would shock everyone like a rocket. Because in terms of the future, Chen Tong could not think of any domestic company that could compare with it.

Especially when Chen Tong knew that Li Mu and Li Mu have Taobao, Alipay, < Miracle Mu >, and Yi Ting Technology, he firmly believes that Makino Technology will be invincible in the future. Sina's business model and future are nothing in front of Li Mu. If Chen Tong does not think of a way to make Li Mu stop, Sina will pay a higher price.

Although Chen Tong's judgment was reasonable and well-founded, when he said it at the meeting, it still made everyone present dissatisfied.

Now is the time when everyone is united against a common enemy. The CEO had made it clear earlier. They must appease Sina and risk their lives. No matter how powerful their opponent is, they must charge forward like a warrior. Chen Tong is still bragging about his opponent at this time. This is simply boosting their opponent's morale and belittling their own.

Sina's CEO said to Chen Tong coldly. "Just do what I told you and don't care about the rest!" Chen Tong was speechless.

Chen Tong was at a loss for words. He had told the truth, but it seemed like he had become the target of public criticism for telling the truth. At some point, Chen Tong was also angry. He thought to himself, "Why do I have to worry so much? If Sina.com is really destroyed in the hands of these people, I won't be the one who will regret it the most. At most, I can just leave and find another company to continue working. At least out of sight, out of mind, and I won't have to suffer this."

Out of sight, out of mind. But when he thought of how he had worked so hard to make Sina stronger, he is reluctant to leave.

The CEO of Sina immediately began to execute his plan. He called his secretary and asked her to contact Muye Technology immediately. He wanted to tell Muye Technology that he hoped to visit their CEO in the afternoon and have a chat.

The secretary immediately relayed this request to Muye Technology. However, when Li Mu heard Lin Qingya's request for a meeting, he immediately rejected it without hesitation.

Sina's CEO's secretary walked into the meeting room in high heels and whispered to the CEO. "Makino Technology's CEO said he does not want to meet you …"

Sina's CEO was dumbfounded. He was ready to give up his territory and pay compensation, but the other party did not even give him a chance to meet him.

This caused him to be at a loss for what to do.

Although he had made two plans just now, in his heart, he was 90% inclined to cede territory and pay compensation. This was because he knew in his heart that if he were to bite the bullet and go against Muye Technology, he would not get any benefits. Based on the current influence of Muye Technology, as well as the number of users and resources in its hands, the possibility of Sina competing with it was zero. Otherwise, Muye Technology would not have blocked Sina internally, and Sina would not have lost a quarter of its traffic.

Makino Technology can greatly influence Sina, but Sina has no way to influence Makino Technology. They can't even arrange a meeting with Makino Technology's CEO. The difference between the two parties is obvious.

Sina's CEO waved his hand and sent his secretary away. He sighed heavily. "Makino Technology's CEO refuses to meet him. This Li brat is too ruthless."

"Then what should we do …" The other executives in the meeting room panicked.

Li Mu's identity is not a secret to Sina, but everyone knows that the higher-ups are paying attention to Li Mu. So, under normal circumstances, they will not take the initiative to report on him, lest they make a mistake.

Chen Tong also thought of Li Mu at this moment. He thought that this amazing young man was his junior fellow apprentice, and they had eaten together and interacted with each other. He wondered if Li Mu would give face to his senior fellow apprentice.

Thinking of this, Chen Tong was also a little hesitant. He didn't know whether it was necessary to help the company again. But after a moment of hesitation, he still felt it was better to help the company again. No matter whether the problem could be solved or not, at least he should ask Li Mu to come out first.

So, Chen Tong said again, "Li Mu has a good relationship with a junior of mine. I have had a meal with him before, and I have his contact. Should I call him and ask?"

When Sina's CEO heard this, he immediately said impatiently, "Then hurry up and call him. Tell him that we have plans to give up UC. Ask him if he is willing to meet and talk in detail."

Chen Tong nodded, took out his phone, found Li Mu's number, and dialed it.

The moment Li Mu saw Chen Tong's number on his mobile phone, he had already guessed the purpose of Chen Tong's call. After a moment of consideration, he picked up the phone and deliberately said politely, "Senior Brother Chen, long time no see."

Chen Tong was just about to speak, but the CEO next to him mouthed and gestured for him to turn on the speaker.

Chen Tong did not refuse. After turning on the speaker, he said to Li Mu, "Yes, we haven't seen each other for a long time. I called today because our CEO wants to meet you for a chat. I don't know if you have time."

Li Mu did not give him any face. He immediately said, "I'm sorry, Brother Chen. I don't want to meet your CEO. I don't know him, and there is no need to meet him."

Chen Tong hurriedly said, "It's like this. We had a meeting to discuss today's matter. The company has the intention to give up developing UC, so we want to meet you for a chat. If the chat goes well, we will directly disband the UC team."

Li Mu pretended to be dumb, "What is UC?"

Chen Tong said, "The instant messaging software we are developing internally is called UC."

"Oh!"

Li Mu laughed, "Brother Chen, this is your company's internal matter. Why do you need to talk to an outsider like me?"

Chen Tong saw that Li Mu was still hiding something, so he directly said, "Li Mu, we still hope to reconcile with Makino Technology. If you are willing to stop targeting Sina, we are also willing to immediately disband the UC team and not touch the instant messaging software market. In the future, both sides will mind their own business. What do you think?"

Li Mu laughed, "Brother Chen, this is your company's strategic decision. How can an outsider like me interfere?"

Chen Tong could hear that Li Mu did not want to directly link this matter with him, so he asked him, "Then if we disband the UC team first, will your side stop blocking Sina?"

Li Mu said, "We are not blocking Sina. We are only debugging a blocking logic. This is our company's internal action. It is not blocking Sina."

All the onlookers were cursing Li Mu for being insidious and cunning in their minds. Chen Tong had made it so clear, but Li Mu still pretended to be ignorant. That was too much.

Chen Tong could only bite the bullet and ask him, "Then how long are you going to debug?"

Li Mu sighed and said, "That is hard to say, Brother Chen. Backend logic needs to be tested continuously before it can be finalized. So, I am not sure how long it will take. How about this, Brother Chen? I will speak to the technicians and ask them to debug as soon as possible. But the exact time will depend on their efficiency."

Chen Tongyi listened. Li Mu was pushing this matter to the technical staff's work efficiency. This was really a bit too much. When it came to logic debugging, testing and adjustment could be done for a few days, or even a few months. If Li Mu kept Sina under control and did not give Sina an outlet in Muye Technology's product system, then Sina would really suffer a big loss this time.

Chen Tong wanted to try to communicate with Li Mu again, but Li Mu said, "Sorry, Brother Chen. I have something to do. Let's talk another day."

After that, Li Mu hung up.

Li Mu also understood that he could not block Sina in YY forever. Otherwise, he was afraid that it would cause a conflict in the industry against Muye Technology. Therefore, his current goal was to let his blocking logic run merrily for a few days. During these few days, Sina's stock price would definitely plummet. This was to teach Sina a lesson. Secondly, he would definitely accept Sina's request to cede territory and pay compensation, but definitely not now. At least in a few days, he would let Sina feel the thrill of free fall first.

Following that, Sina naturally had to cede territory and pay reparations. UC had to be disbanded first before Li Mu would stop blocking Sina. When Li Mu unblocked Sina, it was not because he wanted to bury the hatchet with Sina, but because he wanted to use the upcoming YY portal to rightfully defeat Sina. He did not dare to say that he could force Sina to its death, but he wanted to at least make it a second-tier portal!