Chapter 354

Li Mu turned sideways and closed his legs so that Su Yingxue wouldn't see the abnormality of his body. After entering the bathroom, he quickly took off his clothes and opened the mixer valve. The warm water quickly poured down and washed his body.

The heat of the water was transmitted to his body. Coupled with the effect of alcohol in his blood, it made him feel even hotter and unbearable. Li Mu could only turn the mixer valve to the right to cool the water a little bit. A little bit was not enough. Li Mu kept turning the mixer valve to the right until the water on his body was almost cold.

After a cold shower, Li Mu's anger was only slightly suppressed. When he came out of the bathroom, he saw Su Yingxue sitting on the sofa and rubbing her hair with a towel. Li Mu suddenly found that the cold shower just now was in vain.

Su Yingxue tilted her head, and her waterfall-like black hair hung on one side. She was very similar to the heroine of the classic TV commercial of Centennial Run-fat. Li Mu was fascinated. Su Yingxue looked up and saw Li Mu's fiery eyes again. She asked him unnaturally, "You took so long, longer than me."

Li Mu looked into her eyes and suddenly felt that the anger in his body had suddenly turned into unprecedented courage. He looked at Su Yingxue and stepped in front of her. Su Yingxue pointed to the mobile phone on the coffee table and said, "Someone called you just now, surnamed Chen …"

Before she finished speaking, Li Mu suddenly bent down and picked her up with both hands. He turned around and walked into the bedroom. Su Yingxue was surprised. Before she could speak, she had been thrown on the bed by Li Mu. Fortunately, the mattress was elastic enough. When Su Yingxue was thrown on the bed, her body pressed down a little on the thick mattress, and then she was bounced up by the mattress. At this time, Li Mu suddenly rushed up, hugged her without saying anything, and kissed her uncontrollably.

This was also the first time that Li Mu showed the toughness and savagery of a male in front of Su Yingxue. Su Yingxue did not resist, but she was a little out of breath because of Li Mu's series of actions. She also drank some wine, and under the influence of alcohol, her previous restraint had been pried a little loose.

Li Mu hugged and kissed Su Yingxue passionately, and Su Yingxue's response became more and more passionate. Their bodies were boiling hot, so hot that Li Mu tore off his T-shirt, and his chest pressed against Su Yingxue's body. Separated by Su Yingxue's thin, long-sleeved T-shirt, Li Mu's eyes turned red, like a wild beast that had just broken out of its cage.

Li Mu missed the feeling of their naked bodies touching each other so much that his hands involuntarily reached to the back of Su Yingxue's slender waist. His fingertips pinched the two sides of her T-shirt, and with a force, he directly lifted the hem of the shirt to the jade peaks. The light purple bra was suddenly exposed in front of Li Mu, and the two jade-like semicircles that were tightly held by it were also exposed in front of Li Mu's eyes.

Su Yingxue did not expect that Li Mu would suddenly make such a move. She involuntarily pulled a corner of the quilt to cover her chest, and with a face as red as blood, she rebuked, "Don't be naughty!"

The beautiful scenery of the twin peaks was suddenly blocked. Li Mu was greatly disappointed, but he was not discouraged. His hands that were pinching the hem of the shirt immediately moved to the middle of the peaks, and at the same time, he whispered in Su Yingxue's ear with hot breath, "I'm not naughty. You said last time that you would compensate me. Today, I will take both principal and interest."

Hearing this, Su Yingxue said that she did not want to compensate him in this way. Her body kept twisting like a small snake, and she took this opportunity to stop Li Mu's hands that were constantly moving closer to the peaks.

However, Su Yingxue was no match for Li Mu. In the end, when Li Mu's hot hands touched there, Su Yingxue could no longer reverse the situation.

Just as Li Mu succeeded with one hand, his other hand instinctively started to flank Su Yingxue's back, and found the key buckle. He adeptly pressed the two ends of the buckle, and with a light pinch, the buckle was undone with a click.

With the rear line of defense broken, the entire line of defense that was originally tight and close to the body instantly lost its effect. Su Yingxue only felt her back relax, and subconsciously wanted to reach out to salvage the situation. She did not expect that Li Mu's troops had been waiting for this moment, and the moment the tightness of the bra loosened, his large hand directly moved from the bottom, and in an instant, he occupied the entire high ground.

Su Yingxue's body almost stiffened at this moment, but out of Li Mu's expectations, she did not resist fiercely. She only kept panting, and looked at Li Mu with deep and hidden bitterness, saying, "Are you satisfied now?

Is it not enough to make it up to you? "

Li Mu was dizzy from the perfect feeling that came from his hand, and with a light pinch, Su Yingxue let out a tender moan, he bent down and whispered into Su Yingxue's ear, "Not enough, not satisfied!"

"You …" Su Yingxue's expression was a little flustered. She loved being with Li Mu, and she also loved how he doted on her when they were intimate. However, she had already given up too much tonight, and her remaining rationality told her that she had to stop him in time.

Su Yingxue used both hands to grab Li Mu's impudent right hand, and said faintly, "Every time I come here with you, you have to bully me in a different way …"

Li Mu saw that her expression seemed to be a little flustered, and his entire body stopped moving. At this moment, Su Yingxue's phone, which was placed in the living room, rang.

Su Yingxue hurriedly sat up and said to Li Mu, "I'm going to answer the phone."

After saying that, she hurriedly pulled down her clothes and ran out barefoot.

Li Mu turned over and lay on the bed with his arms and legs spread out. The original atmosphere was completely destroyed by the ringing of the phone, and it seemed that he could only call it a night.

However, Li Mu also comforted himself in his heart that a good meal wasn't late. Anyway, she was already his girlfriend, and he didn't have to be too anxious in that aspect. He was afraid that Su Yingxue would find it difficult to adapt to the shortsightedness. As an uncle in his thirties, he also had to learn to be considerate to the little girl.

When Su Yingxue picked up the phone, she was still panting. When she saw that the call was from her cousin, Wang Xinran, she hurriedly calmed down her breathing before answering the phone.

Wang Xinran said on the phone, "Sister, where are you?"

"I … am at school, what's wrong?"

Wang Xinran said, "I went to the training class of Yanjing Film Academy today for a professional class. My mom asked me to find you and go home together. I just got on the bus to your school."

Su Yingxue asked her in surprise, "Aunt asked you to find me and go home?

It's not the weekend today … "

Su Yingxue usually only stayed at her aunt's house on Fridays and Saturdays. Because her house was a little far away, it was a little inconvenient to get to school from her house after getting up the next morning. Today was Wednesday, and she had to go to school as usual tomorrow. Why did she suddenly ask her to go to her house?

She didn't call her, and directly asked her cousin to find her. It didn't make sense.

Therefore, Su Yingxue had to say to Wang Xinran first, "Wait for me, I'll see what time the first class is tomorrow."

Wang Xinran said with a smile, "Don't look. My mom said that I must bring you back, so I'll trouble you to come with me!"

When Su Yingxue heard this, she knew that she couldn't refuse, so she could only agree helplessly, "Okay, I'll wait for you at the school gate."

"Then come out quickly. How many stops do I have?"

When Su Yingxue hung up the phone, Li Mu had already walked out of the room and asked her, "Who called?"

Su Yingxue glanced at him and saw that his lower body was very scary. She hurriedly turned her face away and didn't dare to look at him. She said, "My cousin, she said that she wanted to come to school to find me and go home together."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Your aunt asked you to go to her house again?"

Su Yingxue nodded and still didn't look at Li Mu. She said, "I'll make a call first."

After saying that, she picked up the phone and called her dormitory. After her roommate answered the phone, Su Yingxue asked if anyone called to find her. Sure enough, her roommate said that a woman just called to ask if she was there.

The landline in the dormitory was simply a barrier that parents couldn't break through.

Su Yingxue guessed that it was her aunt who had called the dormitory. Maybe she found that she wasn't in the dormitory, so she asked her cousin to call her and force her to go to her house.

In desperation, Su Yingxue could only say to Li Mu, "I have to go. The film school is quite close. My sister should be there soon."

Li Mu's restless heart and body calmed down. He said with a sad face, "Your aunt is a detective, right?"

Seeing his dissatisfied face, Su Yingxue couldn't help but sneer. Her beautiful eyes looked at Li Mu, and she wrinkled her nose and said, "You look wronged. What about me?"

Li Mu hurriedly went up to hug her and said with a serious face, "Baby, that's all for today. I'll make it up to you next time."

Su Yingxue was angry. She patted him on the back twice and snorted, "You've taken advantage of me, but you're still pretending to be innocent. I'm talking about you."

Li Mu reached out to lift his clothes and said with a cheeky smile, "Let me love them before I leave …"

"Who?"

Su Yingxue was surprised at first. As Li Mu's hand went to the wrong place again, she was instantly speechless. She blushed and stamped her feet anxiously. "How can you be so shameless …"

No matter how shameless he was, Li Mu still had to put on his clothes and send her out. Originally, Li Mu wanted to drive her and her cousin back, but Su Yingxue didn't dare to agree. She was afraid that her cousin would know about her and Li Mu. Her cousin had always been a blabbermouth. She would definitely go back to Haizhou to see her grandparents during the Spring Festival. If she leaked it in front of her family, she would have a hard time during the Spring Festival.

When Li Mu heard this, he couldn't insist anymore. Fortunately, there was a bus from the gate of the National People's Congress to her aunt's house, so the transportation was very convenient.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue walked to the school gate together. When Su Yingxue called her cousin, her cousin said that there was still one more stop. Li Mu knew that it was not convenient for him to appear in front of her cousin, so he gently kissed Su Yingxue goodbye at the school gate. It was boring to be alone, so he went back to the dormitory.

There was a small bookstore a little south of the east gate of the National People's Congress. At this time, a cute and beautiful girl was pretending to pick books at the stall at the entrance of the bookstore, but her eyes were actually fixed on Su Yingxue, who was standing under the lights at the school gate not far away. This girl was Su Yingxue's cousin, Wang Xinran. In fact, she had arrived before Su Yingxue came. She just deliberately lied to Su Yingxue that there was still one more stop, and then found this bookstore to hide.

The location of this bookstore was very good, and there were many students picking books here. People came and went at the school gate, so it was a good place to hide. Moreover, the view here was very wide, and they could see the whole gate of the National People's Congress and the situation across the road. Because of this, Wang Xinran was just surprised to find that her cousin was holding hands with a tall and handsome boy on the bridge across the road. What was most incredible to her was that the boy kissed her cousin goodbye before entering the school.

Oh my god!

Wang Xinran felt that she had caught the biggest news in the world, which was even more shocking than the 911 incident last year. Her smart, beautiful, sensitive, and studious cousin was actually in love!

This was even more surprising than the blooming of the iron tree.

These two heavenly kings always felt that there was something wrong with her parents. They always whispered behind her back and discussed something. When she came in front of them, they pretended that nothing was wrong. At first glance, she could tell that there was something fishy. She also deliberately tried to eavesdrop a little. Although she didn't hear anything, she caught her cousin's name, so she guessed that her parents were talking about her cousin.

Wang Xinran was usually quick-witted. Although her academic performance was not good, her brain worked very fast when it came to other things. Today, her mother called unusually and asked her to bring her cousin home. Wang Xinran felt that there must be something wrong with this abnormal thing, so she deliberately lied to Su Yingxue, went to the National People's Congress in advance, and hid in the bookstore to take a look. Sure enough, she discovered this amazing secret.

While Wang Xinran was surprised, she was also curious about her cousin's boyfriend. She didn't know who he was and how he could be able to win over her cousin, a model girl who couldn't love. She had always firmly believed that a person like her cousin would definitely not fall in love before the age of 25 and would definitely not get married before the age of 30. She didn't expect her cousin to hide so deeply. She had already found a boyfriend when she was just a freshman. The most terrible thing was that she didn't expect her cousin to be so open that she kissed her boyfriend at the school gate. It was really too bold.

However, if Wang Xinran knew that Li Mu once took Su Yingxue's first kiss in front of tens of thousands of people in the school, she might understand why Su Yingxue didn't care about kissing Li Mu at the school gate at all.

Seeing that it was almost time for the bus to drive one stop, Wang Xinran slipped out of the bookstore and then mixed in the crowd to the gate of the National People's Congress. The bus stop of the National People's Congress was originally on the south side of the east gate, so if she walked in this direction, she was sure that her cousin would never be suspicious.

"Sister!"

Su Yingxue heard a familiar voice. She looked in the direction of the voice and saw Wang Xinran in the crowd. She smiled and walked towards her, saying, "Why are you in class so late today?"

Wang Xinran smiled and said, "Isn't the art exam coming up soon? So I have to practice hard during this period of time."

Su Yingxue asked, "Is the art exam next month?"

Wang Xinran nodded. "It said it's on the ninth day of the Lunar New Year, February 20th."

Su Yingxue said, "That's right. It's not that long."

Wang Xinran asked her, "When are your holidays ending?"

Su Yingxue said, "I heard that school starts on the first of March, but the school hasn't officially announced it yet."

Wang Xinran hurriedly said, "I don't care. You have to accompany me for the exam on February 20th."

Su Yingxue said, "But it's not the fifteenth of the Lunar New Year yet. No matter what, I have to stay at home with your uncle, aunt, grandma, and grandpa. I can only come to Beijing after the fifteenth."

Wang Xinran shook Su Yingxue's arm and said coquettishly, "I don't care. You have to come. If you don't accompany me, I won't feel confident. What if I can't get in? I can only score around 400 points in cultural classes. If I can't get into the Film Academy, I won't be able to go to school!"

This was the first year that Su Yingxue was going to school. In the past, she had spent the Lunar New Year and the Lantern Festival with her family. Other than her parents, there were also many relatives and elders, especially her grandparents who were still alive. If she really had to come to Beijing before the ninth day of the Lunar New Year, she wouldn't be able to spend time with her family on the fifteenth day of the Lunar New Year.

Therefore, Su Yingxue tried to negotiate with Wang Xinran. "Isn't it the same if you let Aunt accompany you? You have such good looks and talent in acting. You will definitely be able to get in."

Wang Xinran pouted and said, "I won't. I don't want my mom to accompany me. I want you."

"But …"

Wang Xinran saw that Su Yingxue still didn't want to agree with her, so she immediately used her trump card. "If you don't accompany me, I will tell my aunt that you have a boyfriend!"

Su Yingxue felt that after her aunt found out about her, she deliberately avoided her sister when talking to her. She also promised to keep it a secret for her, so she definitely wouldn't tell her sister about this kind of thing. Therefore, she thought that Wang Xinran was deliberately threatening her, so she said with a smile, "You want to threaten me by framing me?

You go and tell her. Let's see who she will believe. "

Wang Xinran put her hands on her waist and snorted. "I'm not framing you. I saw it just now. Tell me, who is the handsome guy who kissed you just now?"

Su Yingxue's expression suddenly froze. After a moment, she said angrily, "Good, bad girl, you dare to play tricks!

Did you arrive a long time ago? "

Wang Xinran said proudly, "Not too early, just a few minutes earlier than you and that handsome guy. But a few minutes is enough."

Then, Wang Xinran said in a negotiating tone, "If you promise to accompany me to the art examination, I promise not to tell anyone about this. How about it?"

Su Yingxue loved and hated her, but she could only compromise. "Okay, okay, I'll accompany you, okay?"

Wang Xinran immediately smiled. She held Su Yingxue's arm and said with a smile, "That's my good sister. Let's go, let's take the bus across the street and go home!"

Su Yingxue really couldn't do anything to her. She could only shake her head, sigh, and go home with her.

There weren't many people on the bus at night. The two sisters chose to sit in the corner at the back. Wang Xinran couldn't wait to ask her, "Sister, is that handsome guy your classmate?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "Didn't you see him enter the school? Why ask?"

"Hee hee." Wang Xinran giggled and asked again, "Then what year is he?"

"Freshman."

"Where is he from?"

"Are you done?"

"Tell me quickly. This is my last question!"

"From Haizhou."

"Wow!

You're from the same hometown!

Did you two know each other before? "

"Didn't you say that was the last question?"

"That's it. Answer me quickly."

"I won't answer!"

"Have you two been together since high school?

It's too early for you to fall in love! "