Chapter 1774

If it had been a more reliable competitor, Li Mu would have taken it seriously. However, he could not take Lu Yunhao seriously at all.

In fact, as far as entrepreneurship was concerned, Lu Yunhao had not really made any of his projects big or strong. On the contrary, almost every project had a disappointing ending.

However, although the enterprises and projects were not doing well, Lu Yunhao had made a lot of money himself. On one hand, it was because he was making money from investors. On the other hand, it was because he had a group of loyal fans on the internet.

Li Mu had some understanding of Lu Yunhao in his previous life, so he knew Lu Yunhao's weaknesses. For example, he was not capable enough, had too much imagination, was overconfident, and was not broad-minded enough. Such a person was too idealistic when starting a business.

An overly idealistic person would not succeed in starting a business, because he thought of everything too well and could not withstand the blow of reality.

For example, when he was developing a mobile phone, he designed a cool feature that he thought was awesome, but the users found it impractical and meaningless. At this time, he would not feel that there was a problem with his product, but that the netizens were stupid and could not understand his awesomeness.

For such an entrepreneur, unless he went for an absolute monopoly, no matter what he did, it would be difficult to succeed.

Therefore, when he heard that he wanted to cooperate with IDG and use IDG's investment to start a food delivery platform, Li Mu only wanted to laugh.

However, after careful analysis, he could also analyze Wall Street's wild ambition. They had found Lu Yunhao to go against him so quickly. It looked like they would only make more moves in the future.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately made a decision to start Hungry Money's business in Shanghai immediately. The sooner, the better. He would strive to take over the Shanghai market before Lu Yunhao started.

He called for a meeting with Hungry Money's senior management and told them the news he had received.

When Lei Jianguo heard that IDG was investing in Lu Yunhao, he was a little worried. "This Lu Yunhao is quite famous on the internet. Many of his comments are highly sought after by netizens. If he wants to set up a food delivery platform, we have to take this seriously."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "Boss Lei, although Lu Yunhao is very famous on the internet, he really chose the wrong business field. He can do anything, but he's not suitable for a food delivery platform."

Lei Jianguo asked in confusion, "Why does Li Zong have such a judgment?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's because Lu Yunhao can't handle a new thing like a food delivery platform. Especially since we are his predecessors, and we didn't leave him any useful resources. He's groping for stones to cross the river by himself, and it's impossible for him to succeed."

Li Mu analyzed Lu Yunhao's next tactical route. He was the only food delivery platform in the country, so it was certain that Lu Yunhao would have to develop a new platform from scratch.

This platform would not only be a consumer ordering system, but it would also have a backend for staff management and a backend for merchants to receive orders. These were the three backends.

Other than that, he had to set up a command system for dispatching and receiving orders. Even if he had to completely copy Li Mu's SMS method of receiving orders and placing orders, he would at least have to sort out the logic first before negotiating with the operators for cooperation.

At the same time, Lu Yunhao had to develop three offline teams. One was a marketing team, responsible for the promotion of the local white-collar groups in Shanghai. The other was a business team, responsible for sweeping the streets and attracting local merchants to enter the platform. The last was a rider delivery team, responsible for the delivery of orders.

Three backends, three offline teams, and at the same time, he had to solve the problem of how to deliver the riders, which was the problem of transportation. If he couldn't solve it, it would be a huge problem.

First-tier cities had a strict ban on motorcycles, which meant that ordinary motorcycles were not allowed on the roads.

It was unrealistic for a large team of riders to all use motorcycles for delivery. Just the ban on motorcycles would completely block this path.

Other than motorcycles, the only other options were electric bikes and bicycles.

Bicycles could basically be eliminated as it would consume too much energy for the rider, and it would also have a huge impact on the delivery time. The only reliable transportation option was electric bikes.

However, the electric bike market was still in its infancy. Most electric bikes were not only expensive, but they also had a range of around 20 to 30 kilometers. It could not be compared to the custom-made lithium-battery electric bike that used Tesla's battery pack technology.

If they used this electric bike for delivery, the rider would either be charging or on the way. How could they make money from it?

It was basically impossible.

Unless the company invested a lot of manpower and resources to build a power station. Even if it was just a small shack, it would need at least a few hundred batteries, and at the same time, it would need to be charged.

If Lu Yunhao's delivery team changed a battery every 20 to 30 kilometers, then a rider would need at least three to four batteries in a day. Then, the cost would be really high.

They would have to provide one electric bike for each rider, four batteries, and at the same time, they would have to continuously charge the batteries for a cycle.

Let the riders bring their own transportation?

That was not realistic.

Even though electric bikes were only around three thousand yuan, this three thousand yuan electric bike was equivalent to more than a month's salary in a first-tier city, and three months' salary in a small city. It was good to let the riders bring their own transportation, but the threshold was too high for the riders.

Therefore, this was why Li Mu decided to directly customize his own electric bike before starting the company. On one hand, he coveted the energy storage and energy efficiency of the lithium-battery electric bike, and on the other hand, he wanted to lower the threshold for riders.

However, Lu Yunhao might not be able to see these problems.

There was another very important link, and that was the hardware of the merchants.

Currently, less than 10% of the restaurants in the country used computers for checkout, and the remaining 90% were basically manual operations. This meant that 90% of the restaurants did not have computers and could not support the online business.

To solve this problem, Hungry Man directly provided computers from Shenzhou for the merchants to use. However, this was very restrictive for the merchants. The simplest point was that these computers provided to the merchants had many restrictions in the system. For example, the merchants could not download and install other software. Even if Lu Yunhao followed behind Hungry Man to negotiate with the restaurants that Hungry Man had already negotiated, he would still have to provide these restaurants with a new computer for them to accept orders and handle related business.

If he could not do this, it would be very difficult for the merchants to buy their own computers and connect to the internet to cooperate with him.

On the surface, it seemed that the thing Li Mu was doing was very powerful and promising. But they had no idea how many links behind the scenes they needed to spend money, effort, and manpower to solve and conquer one by one.

In the future, these problems would be placed in front of him one by one, and he would not be able to bear it.

Lu Yunhao still did not understand that making O2O was very different from making online or electronic products.

Actually, even when Lu Yunhao was making mobile phones in his previous life, it was not as troublesome as making food delivery platforms.

When he was making mobile phones, the mobile phone industry was already mature. The software and hardware solutions were mature, the supply chain was mature, the OEM side was mature, and the e-commerce market was mature.

Therefore, he only needed to poach a mobile phone design team to design one or two mobile phones. Then, he would poach someone who was familiar with the supply chain and OEM companies to discuss cooperation with the component suppliers and OEM companies. When the mobile phone was ready, he would use his Internet celebrity nature to promote the mobile phone. Then, he would open a shop on Jingdong and Tmall and sell the mobile phone.

Moreover, designing a mobile phone was very simple. Whether it was the exterior design or the internal space layout, there were many mature cases in the market for reference.

For example, even if one had not come into contact with the car manufacturing industry, one would know the general logic of a car.

For example, most family cars had the engine compartment, front wheels, driver's compartment, rear seats, rear wheels, and trunk from the front to the back.

This was the gameplay that the predecessors had helped you figure out. You just need to follow this path to design and build your own car. There was no need to define the basic logic of the engine compartment in front, the steering wheel, the accelerator, and the brake pedal.

Even making a car was similar to making a mobile phone. As long as you played the supply chain well, you could easily make a car model.

If you did not pursue good or bad, you could even buy a 2.0 engine from Mitsubishi, then buy a gearbox from Aisin, and poach some engineers to reverse engineer a well-known car model's chassis, cockpit, and interior design. Then, you would have your own brand of car.

Whether it was a mobile phone or a car, it looked very high-end, but it was a very mature model. As long as you had the money, it was not challenging to enter the industry.

As for whether the sales were good or not, it depended on whether these few steps were done well.

In his previous life, Lu Yunhao had done the last two steps well. But the first few steps were a mess. The mobile phone's quality control was not up to standard, the price-performance ratio was not high enough, and the OEMs kept skipping orders. Finally, the after-sales service could not keep up. That was why he gradually wasted all his resources as an internet celebrity.

Now, Lu Yunhao wanted to start a food delivery platform. This was not something that could be done with money. He had to start from scratch.

Although there was Li Mu in front, Li Mu was hungry. Everything was closed, and the platform would not be open to third parties. The technology would not be transferred to third parties. Even the electric scooters were exclusive products with a lot of patents. If the OEMs dared to change the design of the scooters and sell it, they would be bankrupt in a lawsuit.

Also, the battery packs and small brushless motors used in the scooters were directly shipped by Tesla's OEMs. After the scooters were imported into China, they would be assembled by the scooter OEMs. They would not have access to the core technology. If they were to copy Lu Yunhao's scooter, it might spontaneously combust.

Based on these, Li Mu could conclude that even if he did not take the initiative to attack, with Lu Yunhao's skills and 20 million USD of funds, he might not be able to do this.

If he took the initiative to attack again and attacked Lu Yunhao from all directions, he would definitely not have a chance to get out of this predicament. It could even be said that he would definitely die.

Coincidentally, Li Mu did not like Lu Yunhao. It could even be said that he was a little disgusted by him.

Therefore, if Feng Yu did not attack Lu Yunhao, he would be letting down Teacher Lu's special aura.

()

Set a small goal first. For example, 1 second.