Chapter 762

After Li Mu's interview was broadcasted, he immediately gained the favor of all social strata.

It was impossible to find another outstanding young man like Li Mu. He was neither arrogant nor impetuous. At the age of 20, he was still young and frivolous, but he already had a net worth of hundreds of millions. However, he was not complacent at all, nor did he flaunt his wealth. On the contrary, he was able to put social responsibility and industrial responsibility in the most important position. Moreover, he was humble, amiable, eloquent and charismatic. Such a young man had far exceeded everyone's psychological expectations of him.

From Li Mu's efforts to correct the name of the Internet and his attempts to let all parents re-evaluate the Internet and change their views on it, one could see Li Mu's love for the industry and his sense of responsibility and mission for the development of the Internet in Hua Xia.

It was already amazing for a young man to achieve outstanding results in an industry. What was even more amazing was that his perspective on problems far exceeded those so-called successful people. He looked at problems from the perspective of the entire industry's future, and considered the entire industry and even the entire society. This level was really amazing!

From Li Mu's analysis of the Internet and his summary of his own development, for a 20-year-old young man to have such a deep understanding of an industry, and to be able to do things step by step and be down-to-earth, this person's ability was simply terrifying.

From Li Mu's sincere and "positive" message to the young people, it could be seen that Li Mu truly cared about the growth and development of the young people. Only such a person would put in so much effort to create a purely public welfare platform like 3321.

In the 40-minute interview, Li Mu's performance was exceptionally calm. He was not arrogant, arrogant, or arrogant. He did not even say a word of arrogance, but he gave everyone the strongest shock and impact. This interview of Li Mu could definitely be said to be the most positive and most impeccable entrepreneur interview in recent years.

If one had to pick out a fault, it might be that he was a little too modest and pure, but the more so, the more it brought a special sense of intimacy to the audience.

Every sentence and every word of Li Mu in the interview revealed his purity and passion for the Internet and society as a whole. He achieved the greatest effect of showing off without the slightest bit of pretentiousness. He even gained the respect of the whole society overnight.

That's right, it was respect. A 20-year-old young man had done so well in doing business and being a person. From all aspects, he could crush other well-known entrepreneurs in society.

At this moment, Li Mu had not only shocked the people of the country, he had truly won the respect and admiration of the people of the country at the age of 20.

In front of the television, Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face was flushed with excitement. Today, the Li Mu on the television was simply as handsome as a bolt of lightning in her eyes. In an instant, the infatuation in her heart rose again. She could not wait to go back to Beijing to see him immediately. She did not want to think about anything else other than throwing herself into his arms and hugging him tightly.

At the same time, Xie Yun's face was full of amazement and also incomparably gratified. At this moment, she was not just admiring her daughter's foresight. Her precious daughter had almost found the most perfect and outstanding partner. Among the young people in this world, Xie Yun felt that there was no one else who could be mentioned in the same breath as Li Mu. He was too outstanding. Everything that could be seen was too outstanding.

Moreover, Zhao Xianliang was very clear that even if Li Mu revealed his identity, it was only selective disclosure. His gaming company, his entertainment company, and his real estate company were not mentioned in the CCTV program. If the people of the country could have the opportunity to know the whole process of him saving Juncheng Real Estate, they would probably regard this monster as an absolute genius, right?

Zhao Xianliang was also convinced from the bottom of his heart. In his forties, he had never been so convinced by anyone like today. The 20-year-old Li Mu was the only one. When the capital accumulated to a certain extent, the conceit of a capitalist would also reach a peak. There was almost no one who could make them admire from the bottom of their hearts. They would only feel that they were the most awesome. If they were not the best in the world, then the one who was the best in the world had better luck.

However, in the face of Li Mu's achievements and Li Mu's performance in front of the television cameras today, what else could Zhao Xianliang say?

He felt that he might not be able to perform better than Li Mu. In fact, the content of today's interview was far less in-depth.

CCTV had interviewed many big entrepreneurs, and it was not that these big entrepreneurs had not shown their social responsibility in front of the cameras before. However, the depth of their social responsibility was simply ridiculous when compared to Li Mu's.

When real estate developers expressed their social responsibility, it was nothing more than to build better and better quality houses and real estate projects.

When entrepreneurs expressed their social responsibility, it was at most to stimulate the local economy, generate income, generate taxes, and create jobs.

But what about Li Mu?

Li Mu's social responsibility was to care about and promote the development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia, to promote the popularization of home computers in the country, to pay attention to the development of the country's youth, to help the country's poor high school and university students, so that the difficulties they faced could be effectively solved, and even to pay attention to the youth's establishment of the correct three views.

Especially that new term: "positive energy." He had never heard of this term before. Was it Li Mu's original creation?

It was really f * cking amazing!

It was estimated that by tomorrow, this term would be regarded as a treasure by the media. Even in the future, the government would use it frequently, right?

It was not only Zhao Xianliang who had this point of view. Some of the older and more experienced domestic audiences also felt the same way.

Whether a person was awesome or not, and how awesome he was, needed to be compared. As the saying goes, without comparison, there would be no harm. Once compared, Li Mu's comprehensive influence in the field of entrepreneurs could be said to be unprecedented.

Moreover, although this was the first time the term "positive energy" was mentioned, its positive meaning and the acceptance of this term were too impeccable. In his previous life, it would become popular all over the country. In this life, if it was mentioned a few years earlier, it would still become popular. It could be said that this three words shocked all the audiences who watched Li Mu's interview that night.

Su Weimin was also dumbfounded. Was this young man who was talking and laughing in front of the TV really the brat that he stopped on the road to punish him to do push-ups?

Was he really the young man that he was extremely wary of and feared that he and his precious daughter would do anything that crossed the line?

How did he become a billionaire overnight, and even the Central Television was desperately promoting him?

He felt that his brain was not enough, and there was no way to continue to think about this fact. Even when his daughter said that she was already with Li Mu, he did not know whether to oppose or support it. He felt that his brain was almost on the verge of a breakdown, and it was difficult for him to think about any problems in a short time.

Therefore, Su Weimin stood up while touching his forehead, and said weakly, "I'll go back to my room and lie down for a while."

After saying that, he did not wait for Fang Min and Su Yingxue to respond, and slowly dragged his body back to the bedroom as if he had drunk too much.

Fang Min hurriedly stood up, looked at Su Yingxue with a complicated expression for a moment, and said, "I'll go see your father."

Su Yingxue nodded. Watching her parents enter the room one after another, she also felt particularly tired. She went back to her room alone, took out her mobile phone, and hesitated for a long time before calling Li Mu.

She did not have any other thoughts. She just wanted to tell him that tonight's interview was very successful.

As for the huge gap between them because of the speed of light, Su Yingxue did not know what to do at the moment.

But she did not expect that Li Mu's mobile phone was turned off.

Su Yingxue was stunned for a moment, and then realized that Li Mu's phone would probably be flooded with calls tonight, so it was reasonable that his phone was turned off. So she sent him a text message, "Your performance was perfect, impeccable."

Zhao Ziqiu, who was far away in Hangzhou, was much more impulsive than her. After watching Li Mu's interview, she called Li Mu and found that his phone was turned off, so she did not hesitate to say to her parents, "Dad, Mom, I want to go back to Yan Jing tomorrow."

Zhao Xianliang subconsciously blurted out, "Why are you going back so early?" As soon as his voice fell, he immediately realized that there was no need to ask.

She was definitely going to look for Li Mu.

Zhao Ziqiu did not hide at all, and said confidently, "I'm going to look for Li Mu, I miss him!"

Zhao Xianliang wanted to sternly object, but he suddenly felt his waist ache. At this time, he did not know how to object. Could he still object at this time?

How could he object?

What reason could he use to object?

The two of them had already considered that what was done could not be undone, and Li Mu was so impeccable, so awesome that even he felt ashamed …

Just when Zhao Xianliang was feeling aggrieved, Xie Yun said to Zhao Ziqiu in a rare serious tone, "Don't mess around, Mom won't let you go!"

Zhao Ziqiu was dumbfounded, and she blurted out, "Why?" She was still muttering in her heart, "Didn't you always support me and Li Mu?

Wasn't it you who secretly bought a house for me in Yanjing behind Dad's back? "

Zhao Xianliang was also very surprised. His wife doted on Zhao Ziqiu a thousand times, and she almost never gave her an angry look. What was wrong with her today?

Even he admitted defeat, with her usual attitude, she should not object.

At this time, Xie Yun said, "Mom told you long ago that if you want to see him during the summer vacation, you can ask him to come to Hangzhou, and I will entertain him and treat him to a meal. Did you tell him?

Did he say anything? "

Zhao Xianliang frowned and stared at her, "When did this happen?

Why didn't I know! "

Xie Yun rolled her eyes at him, "I didn't plan to tell you at all."

"You …"

Zhao Xianliang still wanted to complain, but Xie Yun stared at him, "What did I do?

What did I do wrong? Please tell me. "

All of Zhao Xianliang's confidence and sense of superiority were shattered by Li Mu. At this time, how could he still have the courage to challenge his wife? He lowered his head bitterly and fiercely smoked the cigar in his hand. For a moment, clouds of smoke were coming out, and the smoke was lingering.

At this time, Xie Yun asked Zhao Ziqiu again, "Why didn't you answer me?"

Zhao Ziqiu said hesitantly, "But Li Mu is too busy. You can see it. He doesn't have time to come to Hangzhou."

Xie Yun pretended to be dissatisfied and said, "He can fly to Shanghai to make money. How far is Shanghai from here?

The plane will arrive in ten minutes. Can't he come for you?

Is he not willing to come or what? "

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "No, no, I didn't tell him."

Xie Yun said, "Then tell him that he will be busy these days. Your father and I can understand, but before you go back to Yanjing, he must come no matter what."