Chapter 1019

When the Taobao Alliance 2.0 algorithm was officially launched, and the alliance advertising fees were officially borne by Taobao sellers, Taobao also entered a period of rapid expansion. As they did not use the profit model of advertising bidding, Taobao sellers could only try their best to increase their own credibility, sales, and user satisfaction in order to obtain more promotional resources. Therefore, the entire Taobao website's atmosphere was exceptionally positive, which made Li Mu feel especially gratified.

Li Mu finally saw the situation he really wanted on his Taobao website. After eliminating the batch of sellers selling fake goods, all the sellers on the platform did not dare to sell any fake goods in their online stores.

After the Taobao Alliance's new algorithm and new rules were released, all the Taobao sellers realized the importance of operating with integrity. Everyone understood that the algorithm was not only a set of dead things, but it was also the harshest "online law enforcer." Against the perfect and powerful algorithm rules, Taobao sellers could not find any shortcuts to cheat this set of algorithms. The only way was to work hard to comply with the algorithm.

In a very short period of time, the Taobao website's atmosphere reached a height that Hua Xia's e-commerce industry could not reach in his previous life.

"Operating with integrity" was the core of all business activities. However, the embarrassing thing was that in Hua Xia's previous life, this word was the most ignored in the e-commerce industry.

Because the domestic e-commerce industry had embarked on a crooked path at the beginning, there were many imitators, causing the atmosphere of the entire e-commerce industry to be in a terrible mess from the beginning. Counterfeits were constantly magnified in the hands of people with ulterior motives. This not only destroyed the foundation of e-commerce, but also destroyed the development of the entire domestic physical manufacturing industry, bringing a huge blow to the entire business economy.

Almost every e-commerce platform was trying their best to improve their platform data and increase their valuation. Many platforms did not hesitate to violate morality and the law. It was fine that C2C was selling fake goods, but the most unacceptable thing was that many B2C platforms were also selling fake goods.

Every online store operator was thinking about how to maximize their profits. Among them, a considerable number of online store operators, under the premise of imperfect laws and the platform's connivance and guidance, constantly violated the law and trampled on the consumer's rights.

In his previous life, this bad atmosphere quickly spread after it was formed, and finally swept through the entire Hua Xia Internet, and even the offline real economy.

But now, Li Mu could say with a clear conscience that he had made a good start for Hua Xia's e-commerce industry in this life!

If he could completely eliminate Taobao and promote the government to legislate, it would bring a huge change to the entire e-commerce industry!

…

The rapid development of Taobao had even brought the development opportunities of the entire e-commerce industry. Other e-commerce platforms, including Le Tao, had their overall figures improving by leaps and bounds. In the eyes of the industry insiders, the spring of e-commerce had arrived.

In order to improve Taobao's data, Boss Ma had put in a lot of effort. Fortunately, the overall sales of Taobao increased faster than he had expected, and it continued to increase by leaps and bounds for many days.

While Boss Ma was excited about Le Tao's rapid improvement, he would never have dreamed that Zhao Kang's water army had contributed a considerable part of Le Tao's growth in recent days.

Boss Ma had never thought that others would deliberately cheat on his platform. Moreover, Zhao Kang and Li Mu had become more and more familiar with each other after working for a long time. The core team under them was very skillful, and there were cheaters all over the country. It was impossible to be discovered.

During this time, Li Mu and Taobao did not take any action against Taobao, as if they had tacitly approved of Taobao's current development method. This made Boss Ma heave a sigh of relief. He thought that he had finally found a foothold outside of the coverage of Li Mu's ability. Although he was trying to survive in the cracks, fortunately, there was shelter in the cracks. Based on Boss Ma's character, what he needed to do was to stand firm in the cracks, fill them up, and then rush out of the cracks to fight for a bigger living space.

At this point, Li Mu had made all the arrangements against Taobao and Boss Ma. He handed the task of speeding up Taobao's death to Zhao Kang, and turned his attention to the overseas promotion of YY.

More than a hundred employees who went to the United States in advance had settled down and started work. These people were divided into three teams, each with their own mission.

Among them, Lin Ching-ah led the HR and support team to set up the United States branch of Makino Technology in Silicon Valley. At the same time, they began to meet with various Silicon Valley talents in Silicon Valley to recruit people for the United States branch of Makino Technology.

As soon as the server setup team arrived in the United States, they began to cooperate with the local server service providers. On one hand, they enhanced the current capacity of Makino Technology's servers in the United States, and on the other hand, they immediately built a data processing center for Makino Technology in the United States.

The third team was the promotion team for Paradise Town. After a period of planning and preparation, they had started the promotion mission in the United States. Their first focus was on the group of American college students.

Li Mu was very interested in the group of college students. In his opinion, the group of college students was more important than the elite group, because the elite group was too calm and realistic. It was difficult to move them, and even if they were moved, it was difficult to turn them into a source of distribution. However, the group of college students was different. They were young, accepted new things quickly, and were full of energy. They were born to be a good source of distribution.

Therefore, in Li Mu's overseas plan, the group of overseas college students was a crucial part.

Long before the promotion team for Paradise Town set out, Li Mu had developed a promotion plan for the college students in the United States called "Trojan Horse". The core of this promotion plan was to directly penetrate the core of the group of American college students. The specific operation method was: By paying generous rewards, they would hire the leaders of the major colleges in the United States, the campus cheerleaders, and the most popular male and female students, and let them promote the game Paradise Town on campus through their strong relationships and connections.

This was the first time that Li Mu used the mature "Internet celebrity model" in the promotion. The celebrities on campus, like the celebrities on the Internet, were the core of the group's attention. Because of the excessive attention paid to these people, these people themselves had a special ability: it was very easy to cause a herd effect.

Li Mu felt that whether in China or abroad, the celebrity effect on campus was very strong. In China, the campus belle's QQ account, Weibo, and the school intranet always had the most followers. In foreign countries, the campus belle's MSN, Facebook, and Twitter must also have the most fans. The excessive attention paid to the campus belle by the fan group gave her a strong influence in this fan group, so her own commercial value was very high. At present, no one had paid attention to this level, so it was a good opportunity for Makino Technology.

Paradise Town itself was a social game, and the most important way to spread it was through social relationships. These people happened to be the focus of the college students' social circle, so as long as they spent money to win over this group of people, with the influence of this group of people on campus, Paradise Town would naturally not have to worry about the spread of this group of people in this college.

Imagine, if the president of a certain American college fraternity was playing this game, then as long as he said a word, there would immediately be a large number of followers following his footsteps into the game. Girls like the cheerleader who could make all the boys crazy about her, needless to say, her influence was even greater.

If it was at the level of a school hunk or campus belle, the influence on campus would be even stronger.

When the promotion team of Paradise Town carried out the "Trojan Horse" plan, they understood the importance of moving secretly. After all the preparation work, Paradise Town finally had a good foundation!

All of a sudden, many American college students discovered that there were suddenly many advertisements about a game in their college. The game was called Paradise Town, and from its promotional poster, it could be seen that the graphics of the game were very sophisticated, and the design elements of the cartoon were also very eye-catching. It seemed that they had never seen such a farm management game.

What was even more interesting was that many "celebrities" in the school had become players of this game and spared no effort in promoting it.

Hearing that this was a social game, not only could one steal from one's friends' house, but they could also do business with their friends and do missions together, many college students with different intentions were very interested in this game. With the recommendation of the club leader, hundreds of club members immediately entered the game.

With the recommendation of the cheerleader and the campus goddess, more male students who had a crush on them could not resist the urge to try it out. They immediately downloaded and registered accounts of Paradise Town, even if the game was not fun. Because even if they could steal a carrot from the town of the goddess, leave a message saying "so-and-so stole a carrot from you", and let their name appear in her sight once, it was worth the download and registration.

The most interesting thing was that this game called Paradise Town not only did not charge any game fees, but it would also release various game missions on its own platform from time to time. If one achieved a certain ranking in the missions, one could even get a cash reward from the game company.

Currently, most of the online games in the country and overseas were paid games. Free online games were few and far between. For a country like the United States, which had a more complete copyright market, it wasn't just online games. Most standalone games also required payment to purchase the game disc. There were very few opportunities to play free games, not to mention games that gave players cash rewards.

The reward of Paradise Town easily started from hundreds of dollars, and for the college students, it was unimaginably rich. This further promoted the attention of the college students to the game Paradise Town.

Paradise Town was like a long-planned plague, and it was on the verge of breaking out!

…