Chapter 1131

Since all Li Mu wanted to do was to make a big move, he didn't give any substantive response to his superior's request to split up the Mu Ying ticketing system.

At the same time, he arranged for Zhao Kang to continue searching for relevant evidence, and he also found a private detective that he had worked with before to work with Zhao Kang. Both sides began to secretly trace the clue that the team of The Hero deliberately hired paid reviewers to attack Makino Image and the Mu Ying ticketing system.

Whether it was the team of The Hero or other people in the film and television industry with bad intentions, they all had one thing in common, which was that they weren't professional enough when it came to digging holes for others.

If Li Mu wanted to set someone up, not only would he dig the hole as deep as possible, but he would also bury the clues even deeper, so that the other party wouldn't be able to find any evidence related to him. He couldn't just pick up a shovel and dig a hole without knowing how to hide his tracks. In that case, it would be fine if the other party died, but if the other party didn't die, the first thing they would do after climbing out of the hole would be to fight him to the death.

Some people in the film and television industry used dirty tricks, but their overall logical thinking and organizational structure weren't high enough. Therefore, if one really followed this clue, there was too much relevant evidence to be found.

More and more evidence and clues began to gather in front of Li Mu, and Chen Ze had been asking about the movements of the relevant departments for him. On the third day after the meeting with Makino Image, the relevant departments issued an important notice to the film and television companies and cinema chains all over the country.

The content of the notice was very simple: No film and television company or cinema chain is allowed to sell movie tickets through the Mu Ying ticketing system, or the producer and cinema chain will be severely punished!

If any film is sold through the Mu Ying ticketing system, the producer of the film will be severely punished, and no new film will be released in the cinema within half a year.

If any cinema chain is sold through the Mu Ying ticketing system, the cinema chain will be ordered to suspend business for rectification, and the specific period of suspension will be determined according to the specific circumstances of the cinema chain's violation!

This notice immediately caused an uproar in the film and television industry, and even the whole country!

Many film and television companies applauded, but all the cinema chains were furious. Without the online tickets, their rising occupancy rate would instantly return to its original state, and a sharp drop in revenue was inevitable.

There were also quite a number of people in the industry who were watching the show with cold eyes. Everyone felt that the relevant departments were really powerful this time. They actually directly slapped Li Mu in the face. Moreover, Li Mu's influence in the Internet industry was so great that it covered the whole world. When the two collided, it was really not certain who would gain the upper hand.

However, as soon as the media reported it, the public opinion was overwhelmingly in favor of Li Mu. This was also because Li Mu had too many fans in China. Moreover, whether people had used the ticketing system or not, they could clearly feel that the ticketing system itself was an impeccable good product. Why would such a good product be so strictly controlled by the relevant departments?

The relevant departments seemed to have expected such doubts, so when they were interviewed by the media, they stated very seriously,

The relevant departments themselves were also very optimistic about the ticketing system, but the reason why they had to control it and even isolate it was that the ticketing system itself did not have any qualifications in the film and television industry, and it also lacked industry standards.

They hoped that the ticketing system could comply with the standards and requirements of the film and television industry and make certain adjustments, but they were rejected by Makino Image. In this case, they had to temporarily isolate the ticketing system, in order to seek a consensus with the ticketing system.

The relevant departments even appealed to the public to look at the matter calmly in front of the media, saying that every industry had its own rules, and every period had its own way of dealing with it. Just like in the planned economy era, in order to ensure the market balance and stability of supply and demand, the state had to crack down on "speculation" and "profiteering", which were very common commercial behaviors in the market economy environment. The reason for restricting the ticketing system was the same. The relevant departments did not want to curb the development of the ticketing system, but hoped that it could develop in a more healthy way.

In the end, the relevant departments even made a statement to Li Mu through the media, saying that they hoped that the leaders of Makino Image could look at the problem calmly and welcome him to further discuss related matters at any time. Together, they would make the ticketing system appear in the eyes of the public in a more healthy way.

The explanation of the relevant department was reasonable and convincing to a certain extent. Therefore, the condemnation of the public soon subsided. Many people thought that as long as Li Mu talked to the leaders of the relevant departments and compromised moderately, the ticketing system of Mulberry Shadow could be accepted by the major cinemas and film companies again.

Not long after the explanation of the relevant departments, YY, YY website, YY123, and even YY blog all pushed a message to their users:

Li Mu: My personal blog has officially been opened. The era of national self-media has officially arrived!

This was what Li Mu had Chen Tong prepare for him.

His counterattack was finally going to begin.

...

Ever since Li Mu's stirring speech at Harvard, a large number of people who regarded Li Mu as a beacon of life were waiting to see when Li Mu would be able to truly shock the world again. The only time Li Mu faced the media after returning to the country was simply to introduce his business. There were no exciting remarks.

This push was the first time Li Mu wrote an article on the Internet. Therefore, everyone rushed to the promotion link and entered Li Mu's personal blog page. They wanted to see what kind of shock and inspiration Li Mu would bring to everyone with his words.

Since the launch of the blog, it had always been in the stage of improvement and preparation. Those who joined the blog in the early stage were all celebrities who had been operating in Tieba for a long time. They realized the importance of Internet marketing, so they basically joined the blog as soon as it was launched.

Because of this, the blog was labeled as a Tieba to a certain extent. In the eyes of many users, it had become a derivative product of Tieba.

In Li Mu's opinion, Tieba and blog were both content-interactive products. The main model was content + interaction. However, the two products were very different in terms of content and interaction.

Tieba was a product that was light on content and heavy on interaction. Everyone could use a simple title to start an online interaction. This was why there were many active users in Tieba, and there were often tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of replies to a post.

Unlike Tieba, the blog was a product that was heavy on content and light on interaction. Blogs of more than a dozen words rarely existed, and they were not useful in a product like the blog. Most of the content in the blog was more than a few hundred words or less than ten thousand words. The article must have a clear position, clear arguments, and rich information transmission. Therefore, in the era of the popularity of the blog, every blog of a well-known blogger was very thoughtful and had strong content. However, because the content was so strong, it was difficult for the audience and readers to interact with the blogger with the same length and quality of content. In this case, most of the audience and readers could only be the recipients of the content, so the interaction naturally could not keep up.

Later, Weibo balanced the strengths and weaknesses of these two products. At first, Weibo limited the content to a short 140-word article. The speed of content creation was many times faster than that of a blog. Moreover, the content was relatively fast, so it was more convenient for interaction.

In the past few months, Chen Tong had been following the existing blog operation ideas to build YY blog. In terms of the product and the celebrity effect, he had done very well. However, he had not realized the core point of the blog.

In Chen Tong's eyes, the blog was a traffic-based content platform. The task was to create various celebrity blogs and use the content and influence of the celebrity blog to attract traffic and enhance the value of the platform.

However, in Li Mu's eyes, the blog was not traffic or content, but something deeper than them: self-media.

Therefore, the first content of Li Mu's blog told everyone bluntly in the title: Now we have entered the era of national self-media!

In this article, Li Mu first thanked everyone for paying attention to his personal blog. After briefly introducing the situation of him promoting the development of Taobao Logistics in Guangdong Province, he officially entered the main topic.

In the title, Li Mu had already thrown out the concept of "self-media." In the following text, he defined the three words "self-media" for the first time. His original text was: The so-called self-media is every citizen's private media, free media, and independent media.

Li Mu said, "In this era, the word 'media' no longer belongs to some traditional organizations, so in the era of self-media, any self-media will not be limited to a TV station, a radio station, a magazine, a set of newspapers, or a portal website. It has nothing to do with the carrier, only with people."

"Every citizen can create their own website on the Internet. You can create your own content, share your own stories, and spread your own views and values on the Internet. Then, you can turn it into your own private media."

"If you feel that you don't have the ability to create a personal website and are interested in creating your own self-media, then I sincerely welcome you to join YY Blog. YY Blog itself is a self-media platform. It is open to all users and provides unified technical and product support."

"YY has always maintained supreme respect for products, content, and users. Our full effort, coupled with the understanding of the hundreds of millions of users in the entire YY ecosystem, will definitely give you a better opportunity to showcase yourself. You will have a greater chance to be known, understood, followed, and followed by all netizens on the Internet. You will also have the opportunity to have an extraordinary online influence."

Li Mu's concept of "self-media" immediately attracted the attention of countless users. They had originally thought that blogs were for celebrities, but now they understood that blogs were actually a "self-media" platform. Its true purpose was to give everyone the opportunity to become an independent media to share their own views and events.

Just by relying on the concept of self-media, the status of blogs in the minds of netizens suddenly changed dramatically. In an instant, it gained the attention of a large number of netizens with its extremely high status. At this moment, the entire YY system sent out a second push about blogs. The title of the push was: