Chapter 62

Song Liang's Benz S500 drove Li Mu all the way to the gate of the Xiling Coal Mine.

Originally, Li Mu didn't want to bother Song Liang so much, but Song Liang insisted on sending him to his home, so Li Mu had to tell the driver the specific address.

Before getting out of the car, Li Mu expressed his gratitude to Song Liang again and then said, "Brother Liang, Tianming said that you were going to come back this morning. I'm sorry that I wasted a day waiting for you."

Song Liang smiled slightly and said, "It's not a big deal. I don't have anything urgent to do, so I can spare a day to accompany Tianming's father."

Li Mu nodded and was ready to leave. Song Liang did not forget to say, "Haizhou is not a big place. If there's anything, remember to call me."

Li Mu knew that this was a promise from Song Liang. If he encountered any problems in Haizhou, he would definitely help him.

Although he didn't need his help at the moment, Song Liang was omnipotent in Haizhou. It was always a good thing to have him say this.

When he returned home, it was almost ten o 'clock in the evening. His parents were still waiting for Li Mu, who had been away for two days.

Papa Lee and Li Ma didn't know about the Easy Listening Project that Li Mu was preparing. When they asked why Li Mu stayed in Jinling for a day, Li Mu said that he was contacting the customers who had bought his songs before, and there might be similar cooperation in the future.

Mother Li said to Li Mu, "I've discussed it with your father. Now that we've both been laid off, we'll run the store together. So, your father, your aunt, and I are going to attend the training together." Mother Li said, "I've discussed it with your father.

Li Mu nodded and said, "In fact, this is the best."

"I'm going to the training with your father. I don't worry about anything else but how are you going to eat at home during this period of time?" Li Ma appeared to be quite worried and couldn't bear it.

"It's only 15 days of training. It's nothing. Think about it. In another month, when I go to college, I will be outside for at least four years. Now it's only 15 days. Just take it as practice in advance." Li Mu said lightly.

When Li Ma heard this, she remembered that her son would have to stay outside for four years in the future. Her eyes suddenly turned red, and she made up her mind and said, "Let your father open the shop at home. I'll go to Beijing to accompany you to school. At that time, mom will rent a room near your school and cook for you every day."

Li Mu almost fainted. "Mom, have you ever seen anyone take their mom to cook in college?

I'm a grown man. If this gets out in school, I'll become a laughing stock. "

"Yeah!"

Seeing that Li Ma was moved, Papa Lee hurried to put out the fire. "College is half of society. My son should learn to be independent like thousands of students. What's the point of you going to cook with him?

Besides, what will I eat if I leave? "

"But …"

Li Ma sighed. It seemed that she had given up her own idea, but she still felt distressed for Li Mu's upcoming college life.

Li Mu hurried to comfort her. "Mom, I heard that the food in the college's cafeteria is very delicious. And because they have to consider students from all over the world, there are many kinds of dishes. Even if you have enough to eat in the cafeteria, there are countless restaurants outside to eat."

What Li Mu said was not true. Those who had been to college all knew how bad the food in the cafeteria was. In his previous life, the cafeteria of the second-rate college was contracted to private individuals. Not only was it bad, but it was also expensive. But for Li Mu, no matter how bad the food in the cafeteria was, he couldn't let his mom accompany him to study!

Papa Lee also comforted her, "You, don't worry about him. Our son paid for us to open the shop, so he's starting to worry about us."

Li Ma had no choice but to nod her head in distress. She said to Li Mu, "Then take care of yourself these days. Don't let me worry about you."

Although Li Mu was thinking that he would be completely free after his parents went to the training, he still put on an obedient face and nodded gently.

The training at the Meters-Bonway headquarters was arranged in four days. Li Mu gave his parents two itinerary plans. One was to take a sleeper from Haizhou to Wen City the day after tomorrow night. It would take about ten hours and they would arrive in the morning. The other was to take a plane directly from Jinling to Wen City the day after tomorrow. Both plans were to arrive on the third day and not delay the training on the fourth day.

Almost without thinking, his parents chose the first plan.

Li Ma felt that the plane tickets were too expensive. Papa Lee felt that the three of them had never been on a plane and were not familiar with anything. They were not sure about it.

Li Mu thought that it made sense. His parents and aunt had never been on a plane, and he could not accompany them. At most, he could only send them to Jinling Airport. If there were any unfamiliar things that he could not handle well, he was afraid that his parents would be anxious or embarrassed.

"I'll look for train tickets tomorrow and buy you three sleeper tickets. You can arrive after a night's sleep. It's not bad."

Papa Lee said, "Don't worry about us. Hurry up and wash up and sleep. I'll go by myself tomorrow morning."

Li Mu nodded and did not say much. He pretended to suddenly think of something and said to Papa Lee and Li Ma, "I have something to talk to Kangzi about. I'll be back later."

His parents did not ask much.

After going out, Li Mu took a taxi to the train station. There were not many people buying tickets at night. After waiting for about twenty minutes, he bought three soft sleeper tickets for his parents and aunt.

Li Mu did not need to think to know that his parents would definitely choose hard sleeper tickets or even hard seat tickets. After all, they were used to saving money. It was not realistic for them to take the initiative to learn to enjoy it, so he could only do it himself.

After buying the tickets, he returned home. His parents had already returned to their room. Li Mu put the three tickets on the coffee table, took a shower, and returned to his room.

Li Mu, who was used to sleeping late, turned on his computer and logged into QQ.

There was only one message for Li Mu, and it was Chen Wan.

Chen Wan's message was from yesterday. The content was very simple, "Bad boy, I'm so bored in Shanghai …"

Li Mu shook his head helplessly. Chen Wan only called him "bad boy" and "bad boy". He was such a bright and handsome young man. What was so bad about him?

What was bad about him?

He did not understand.

Chen Wan chose to leave a message for him instead of sending him a message or calling him. This also proved that she was more complaining than looking for him. It was quite late, so Li Mu did not reply to her.

There was also a verification message from Kong Lingyu.

Li Mu clicked "Accept", but he did not expect Kong Lingyu to send him a message so quickly, "Li Zong, I contacted a junior of mine today. He has not graduated yet, but he has plenty of time. So, I want to give part of the development work to him. He and his classmates can work together to speed up the development. What do you think?"

Li Mu asked, "Do you want to outsource to them, or let them do the part-time work?"

"Outsource. Set the workload, time, and price. This is more reasonable."

Li Mu immediately replied, "No problem. This way, we can work together better."

Kong Lingyu replied, "Ok. They are all students of the Provincial University of Science and Technology. They are in their fourth year. If they can complete the development smoothly, they should be able to finish the development of the front end by the end of the month."

Li Mu was surprised and asked, "Are you sure you can finish the development so quickly?"

"Yes!"

Kong Lingyu replied, "You have already completed about 20% of the development, and you have already set the rest of the logic. It will be much easier for you to develop it."

"Pay close attention to the design of the page. It must be as I said. Simple, beautiful, and generous. Don't make a bunch of copied and pasted rankings and song lists. You must design the banner advertisement on the front screen. Other than that, the front screen needs eight eye-catching recommendation spots with text. Also, hang a hot ranking list. Remember, there is only one list."

Nowadays, there was almost no aesthetic sense to speak of on the website. When you randomly opened a website, almost the entire page was filled with all kinds of densely packed words. It was very easy to look at it and it was very easy to get tired of looking at it. Just the homepage alone had more than a dozen rankings, it was a complete mess.