Chapter 1755

In the following hour, Dai Wensen madly called Li Mu dozens of times, but the phone that Li Ziwei was holding had already been turned off.

Moreover, before leaving the United States, Li Mu was not going to let this phone be turned on again.

He had two mobile phones. One was only known to his real relatives and friends, as well as the core backbones of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology. The other mobile phone was given to most of the collaborators in the outside world who could talk to Li Mu, but the mobile phone was carried by Li Ziwei most of the time.

If he had the number of the first mobile phone, he could find Li Mu at any time. He had always carried this mobile phone with him, and it was not turned off 24 hours a day.

However, if he had the number of the second mobile phone, he would first make a request to Li Ziwei, and then Li Ziwei would relay it to Li Mu. If Li Mu was in a good mood, he might pick it up. If not, he would definitely ignore it.

Dai Wensen thought that he had a good relationship with Li Mu, but he only had the number of the second mobile phone.

After calling for a long time, the phone was still turned off, and Dai Wensen was flustered.

Never in his wildest dreams did he expect that mediating with Li Mu for his colleagues on Wall Street would make Li Mu so furious.

He called his colleagues on Wall Street who entrusted him to do things, and scolded them with all kinds of profanities for a full five minutes.

On the other side of the phone, there were more than a dozen big shots on Wall Street.

It was they who gathered together for a meeting, and then asked Dai Wensen for help.

They hoped that Li Mu would give them face and not block their brothers from getting rich.

Unexpectedly, Li Mu really did not give them face at all.

Dai Wensen said angrily, "It's because of you greedy vampires!

Li Mu is not going to be listed in the United States now! "

"Shit …" More than a dozen people on the other side of the phone cursed at the same time.

One person exclaimed, "Dai Wensen, are you kidding me?

You have already prepared a roadshow, and now you say that you are not going to be listed in the United States?

My company has already signed 2.5 billion USD of Makino Technology shares with you. What should I do? "

Devinson scolded angrily, "Jack, are you out of your mind?

What I signed with you is a framework agreement. The trigger condition for the agreement to be formed is that I get the contract of Makino Technology's lead underwriter and push Makino Technology to start selling the original shares!

Now that Li Mu is going back to Hua Xia to be listed, not only will your 2.5 billion USD be gone, but all of you will also lose your shares! "

The scene was filled with wailing.

As close collaborators and compatriots of the same origin, they had already carved up most of the original shares of Makino Technology from Dai Wensen. The remaining shares were released to ordinary investors in the market. They originally expected to make a big profit from this wave, but they didn't expect …

Another person couldn't help but ask, "Li Mu can't be stupid enough to go back to Hua Xia to be listed, right?

They don't meet the requirements for Hua Xia's A shares at all. If they want to be listed, they will have to wait for another year or two. Moreover, with the size of the A share market, it is difficult to support a giant like Makino Technology. If they are listed in Hua Xia, the valuation will be lower than expected, and they will suffer a loss!

There is a lot of money in the US stock market, and they are very optimistic about technology stocks. They can give them a high enough market value. This is something that Hua Xia's A shares can't replace. "

Devinson growled, "Damn, you piece of sh * t, are you Ronnie?"

The man grunted and said awkwardly, "It's me, Devinson. I know you are very angry, but I still advise you to be more civilized. We are all compatriots and brothers. I advise you not to be mean to each other."

"Civilized my ass!" Devinson roared angrily, "I'm afraid that your common sense has been eaten by a dog!

Do you think Hua Xia only has A shares?

Hua Xia's A shares are from the mainland!

Hua Xia's A shares are from the mainland plus Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, okay?

Li Mu can go to Hua Xia to be listed. He can go to Hua Xia to be listed in Hong Kong!

Do you know what the full name of Hong Kong is? "

"Hong Kong …" Ronnie said awkwardly, "Isn't it Hong Kong …"

Devinson said hysterically, "It's the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of Hua Xia!

You son of a b * tch!

I'm afraid there is something wrong with your father's brain. He let an idiot like you manage the family! "

Ronnie was speechless from the scolding. Dai Wensen's family was much bigger than his own family. Moreover, Dai Wensen was a good friend of his father. As his elder, he couldn't retort if Dai Wensen scolded him.

Moreover, his scolding was not without reason. He could only accept it humbly.

Hence, he said in a muffled voice, "I'm sorry, Mr. Gao Bai. It's my fault …"

Devinson was still angry. He said coldly, "If Li Mu brings Makino Technology to be listed in Hong Kong, then Taobao Technology will definitely not come to the United States in the future. I'm afraid most of the other internet companies in Hua Xia will not choose the United States market. Moreover, with Li Mu's influence in the internet industry, it is very likely that the Hong Kong stock market will rise and become the world's most watched technology stock market. By then, all the internet companies in the world may be sucked in. You have to know that Li Mu is not the leader of the flock of sheep, nor is he a shepherd dog. He is a god in the eyes of the sheep!"

"Doesn't he still need to find an underwriter to be listed in Hong Kong?"

A young man said, "Mr. Devinson, your HSBC Capital is a top broker and issuer in Hong Kong. When the time comes, won't Li Mu still need to look for you?

At most, we will also go to Hong Kong to earn a wave of dividends. As for what you said about the internet companies going to be listed in Hong Kong in the future, what does that have to do with us?

Our goal is to make money, not to let the United States lead the world in the Internet industry. There is no difference between earning USD, HKD, or RMB. "

"Are you f * cking an idiot!"

Devinson was furious at these profit-seeking bastards. He blurted out, "Now that the securities business of Hua Guo Bank in Hong Kong is very good, once a patriot like Li Mu decides to go to Hong Kong to be listed, he will definitely hand over the underwriting business to Hua Guo Bank. I'm afraid I won't even have a bowl of porridge to eat!"

Devinson was right. To a certain extent, he had a deeper understanding of Li Mu.

In Li Mu's life, the one thing that he did not allow others to blaspheme the most was the internet industry, other than his family and the people around him.

In Li Mu's eyes, the internet was the greatest invention of mankind in the past century. It was not a product or a technology, but a huge new world.

And Lu Zhou did not dare to say that he was the god of this new world, but he was at least the biggest supporter and guardian of this new world.

There was nothing wrong with Wall Street following Google's listing to make some money, and Lu Zhou was also happy to let them make a reasonable amount of money. This was because when they made money, they would invest some of it into the internet industry, forming a cycle.

Many well-known Silicon Valley companies were built by Wall Street's capital.

However, there must be a limit to everything.

Even if Wall Street's contribution to the internet industry was like the parents who raised it up, it must not overdraft the life of the internet industry for its own benefit.

Furthermore, although the older generation of internet people had benefited a lot from Wall Street, even Baidu's Li Zong used Wall Street's capital to build a career in Silicon Valley, Li Mu had never benefited from Wall Street.

Li Mu's career was not built by Wall Street, but by Hua Xia's tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of netizens. Therefore, Wall Street's tycoons were nothing in his eyes.

Moreover, the industrial barriers of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology were already extremely strong. This kind of strength was not something that could be defeated by someone who had more money than him, not to mention that someone was not as rich as him.

Entrepreneurship was not the stock market, nor was it a gambling game. It was not like I bet 10,000, and you bet 20,000 to win me. It was also not like I bet all my money, but if you bet more than me, and I can't keep up, you will lose.

Entrepreneurship was like fighting a war. Not only did you need money, but you also needed the ability to turn money into soldiers, planes, tanks, cannons, and even atomic bombs.

The cost of an aircraft carrier strike group in the US might be a few hundred billion USD, but a group of oil tycoons from the Middle East with trillions of USD in cash would not be able to defeat them. You can't just throw money at them, right?

If you throw money at them directly, they will probably shout "Thank you, Prime Minister Cao".

This was the case for Makino Technology now. Every product had a strong user base and ecological barriers, and its strength was extremely strong in the Internet world. If anyone wanted to develop Makino Technology, money was useless. They had to use money to create something stronger than Makino Technology.

Otherwise, just like Third Brother, who spent a lot of money to buy Russian aircraft carriers, submarines, and planes. But before the actual combat, they had already burned, crashed, and crashed. How could they compete with countries like the US?

In Li Mu's eyes, these Wall Street tycoons were no different from a group of oil tycoons in the industry they were in.

"Then what should we do now?"

A slightly older bearded old man said, "Our media has already been questioned by the public. With Li Mu's Twitter post, it will be impossible for us to hype up the concept of the Internet tomorrow. Now that Li Mu is going to be listed in Hong Kong, won't we lose everything?"

Davison said, "It's best to get your media to change their words as soon as possible and then apologize to the public for maliciously hyping up the concept of the Internet. Let's see if Li Mu can calm down. Now that Li Mu is not picking up my calls, I can only wait for him to calm down before contacting him to see if there is any room for redemption."

The bearded old man immediately said, "No problem. We will greet our respective media and sincerely admit our mistakes."

Someone said, "Mr. Weinberg, if this is the case, our media's credibility will be greatly affected!"

The bearded old man asked, "Do you think we have not suffered a huge blow now?"

That person was immediately speechless.

They could not possibly find a bunch of stupid experts to go against Li Mu and insist that the Internet was in spring, right?

With Li Mu's words out there, no one would believe them even if they screamed their throats out!

On this issue, Li Mu was also impeccable. He directly stood on the supreme moral high ground. At this time, any action to clear the name would attract the public's disgust and disgust.

At this moment, someone suddenly came in with a laptop and said, "Everyone, bad news. Li Mu posted on Twitter again!"

"What's going on?!"

That person directly turned the computer screen to everyone and said while panting, "Li Mu posted a new Twitter post with a photo of him in a private plane. The caption was: 'Preparing to set off for Hua Xia. I've never been so disappointed in a country's capitalists as I am today!"

"F * ck …"

Recommending the urban guru Shi Xinshu: