Chapter 1767

Li Mu pointed at Liu Shixiong and changed the topic. "Liu Shixiong, you'll be managing a team of a few million riders in the future. Manpower and a series of additional costs will be very high, so we'll have to find a way to control the cost in the future. You'll have to use your brain to think of a way to reduce costs."

Liu Shixiong thought about it and said, "Currently, the biggest cost is the hardware. The electric bikes that Hungry Mike uses for distribution costs a few thousand yuan each. If it's on a scale of a million riders, it'll be a few billion yuan. This is a frighteningly heavy asset."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We'll only bear this cost in first-tier cities for now. On one hand, first-tier cities have stricter restrictions on motorcycles, so our riders will need electric bikes to safely and legally deliver goods. On the other hand, it's also to promote our company's image, so we'll have to use the same tools in first-tier cities."

As he spoke, Li Mu paused and said, "When our business lines begin to sink from the first-tier cities to the cities below the second-tier cities, especially the cities that have not explicitly banned motorcycles for the time being, we can adopt the method of subsidizing transportation to encourage riders to bring their own transportation. If riders bring their own transportation, we will pay riders a certain amount of transportation subsidy every month."

"Also, if the riders have their own phones, we can also give them a monthly communication subsidy of around ten yuan. When the time comes, we'll talk to the mobile company and ask them to allow the riders' old accounts to open a monthly package for Hungry Mike's employees. It's only 20 yuan a month, and we can give the riders 40 to 50 yuan a month to encourage them to buy their own communication tools. This will reduce the cost we'll have to pay in the short term."

At the current stage, because the riders' orders were all paid through text messages, Hungry Mike had already established a deep partnership with Hua Xia's mobile company.

Currently, Hungry Mike's system used mobile's SMS interface to send orders to riders in the form of a monthly package. After paying a monthly fee to the mobile company, the system would be able to send an unlimited number of messages to the riders.

The SIM card used by the riders also had a special monthly package. Each card cost 20 yuan, and the riders could reply to Hungry About Me's official messages without limit. At the same time, they had 2000 minutes of local calls per month, which was basically enough for Hungry About Me's work needs.

At this stage, the cost of mobile phone communication was still relatively expensive. This package could be said to be very cost-effective. However, this was also because Makino Technology and Taobao Technology were too famous and had a strong social influence. In addition to selling a favor, Mobile was also willing to build a reputation.

Moreover, once the number of riders reached a certain level, the revenue of this business line would also increase exponentially. It would also be a big customer for Mobile.

After explaining the problems of the rider team, Li Mu continued, "Next is our service management system. To put it bluntly, it is a complete service system from pre-sale to in-sale, and then to after-sale."

"There are not many pre-sale inquiries before the user places an order, but not many doesn't mean there are none. Therefore, we must ensure that the official customer service can respond to the user's inquiries within a minute. At the same time, we must ensure that the phone number left on Hungry About Me remains unblocked during business hours. If the user complains that the merchant did not answer the phone in time, we must also deduct their credibility."

"During the sale, we must also ensure that the rider's phone number can be reached. The rider must not ask the user for permission to confirm the delivery in advance for any reason. Otherwise, if found out, the first time will be a warning, and the second time will be directly fired."

"After the sale, we must determine the level of the incident. If it is a food safety issue, it must be handled with the highest level of priority. The official customer service must not kick the problem to the merchant and the user to solve it themselves. We must be responsible for monitoring every complaint and rights protection. We must ensure that all problems are solved before we end the attention."

In his previous life, although Taobao was very lenient towards the sellers when it was growing up, that was because Boss Ma was very clear about the situation.

At the beginning of Taobao, the most important thing was to attract all the sellers on platforms like eBay to Taobao. Therefore, he gave the green light to the sellers all the way.

He did not take any sales commission, relaxed the inspection conditions, and did little to no action against the shop owners who sold fake goods. It was this attitude that allowed Taobao to quickly attract a large number of online merchants. Later, most of these people also earned their first bucket of gold from Taobao.

At that time, Boss Ma knew that if he wanted to build a large shopping mall, the first thing he should do was not to promote to the customers, but to attract investors. Only by attracting investors as soon as possible and filling the shopping mall with a large number of shops and products, would the customers come to spend money.

Therefore, the so-called omnipotent Taobao was actually in its genes. From the beginning, it was destined to be an e-commerce platform with zero barriers to entry. During the growth stage, there was almost nothing that could not be bought from Taobao.

However, after the shopping mall finished attracting investors, Boss Ma immediately changed his attitude. He began to lean towards the users bit by bit, even completely. He increased the requirements for the shops and even required the shops to pay a deposit. When there was a dispute, he would even advance the fees to the users first. He turned the problem of the seller, the platform, and the users into a problem between the seller and the platform.

The seller had an innate advantage and the right to speak to the buyer, and the platform had an innate advantage and the right to kill the seller. A seller might dare to neglect his buyer, but he would not dare to neglect the platform. Otherwise, the platform would directly punish him severely or even force him to close the shop. He would suffer heavy losses.

This proved that Boss Ma was extremely shrewd as a businessman. He knew better than anyone else who should be sacrificed to cater to whom.

Li Mu did not want to take the same path as Boss Ma. Although he had started Hungry Mai, he was not prepared to kneel down and lick the boots of the merchants at the beginning. This was because he was different from Boss Ma in many aspects.

First of all, his personality was different from Boss Ma. From the day he started his business, he did not intend to kneel down and make money.

Secondly, his Hungry Mai was now the only one in the industry. It was not like when Taobao had just started its business, where there were strong enemies to conquer. Therefore, at this stage, he was the only choice for the food and beverage merchants to do e-commerce. If you want to make money, you have to play by my rules. If you don't want to make money or don't want to follow my rules, then you can just go somewhere else. No other platform can compete with me.

Li Mu had thought it through very clearly. He had prepared two billion yuan of operating funds and at least two billion yuan of firearms and ammunition in advance. This two billion yuan of firearms and ammunition was to be used once a competitor appeared. He would immediately take it out and burn it until the other party could not afford it anymore.

The taxi-hailing software and the food-ordering software had both experienced a money-burning war. Don't you want to snatch the users from me?

I'll give you five yuan per user. Can you afford it?

If you can afford it, I'll give you eight yuan. If you can afford it, I'll give you ten yuan. If you continue to follow, I'll give you fifteen yuan.

How long will I keep giving you?

I'll keep giving you until you can't afford it, run out of money, or are about to die.

This was like a gambling game. It wasn't about who had the better cards, but who could take out more money.

Everyone agreed to sit together and throw money on the table together. The one who could not afford it would be the first to be eliminated. The one who threw last would be the winner.

Immediately, Li Mu announced his technology management system.

Technology management was the full set of technology for the website. The front desk had to ensure that the website could still be accessed smoothly even with a huge amount of traffic. This was easy to solve. With Taobao's framework, Hungry Mai could just pick up the ready-made ones.

There was also the order processing system. The average processing time for each order in Taobao was about two to three days. In other words, from the time the user placed the order to the time they received the goods, it would normally take 48-72 hours.

However, Hungry Mai only needed half an hour to place an order.

This also meant that the system had to process a large number of orders every day and store the order data in the server.

This system also depended on the development team of Makino Technology to perfect it. After all, the development team of Makino Technology had now grown to the top of the industry. The reserve power of technology development was still very strong.

Finally, the security management system was a set of online and offline security systems. Online, they had to resist technical attacks, resist the impact of malicious traffic, and ensure the security of user information and order data.

As for offline, there were even more things to take into account.

First, they had to ensure the safety of the delivery riders.

This was mainly for traffic safety and to ensure that accidents happened as little as possible. After an accident happened, there must be an emergency response plan.

Li Mu was inclined to make an internal security fund within the company. For example, each person could choose to pay 10 yuan into the security fund every month. This money would be used for the personal safety of all riders. If a rider had an accident during the work process, the fund would immediately be used for rescue and aftermath.

If the fund could not make ends meet, it proved that the hidden danger of the rider's safety was too big. There was a need to continue to strengthen the rider's safety awareness training.

If there was a slight surplus in the fund, it proved that everyone's safety had been improved. As long as the remaining money exceeded a month's need, the security fund could be suspended.

For example, the rider paid 10 yuan in January, 10 yuan in February, and 10 yuan in March. In the first quarter, a total of 30 yuan was paid into the security fund. After three months of settlement, if the fund was found to be left with one-third of the fund, all the riders would not have to pay a penny in April.

If by April, after the fund had been disbursed, the total amount decreased. In May, the fund would be collected again at 10 yuan per person.

Of course, this was voluntary participation. As long as one participated, he could get subsidies if an accident happened. However, if he did not participate, there would be no additional subsidies. He could only be compensated by the insurance company.

In fact, this 10 yuan was equivalent to the rider buying an additional accident insurance in the company. However, unlike the insurance company's insurance, Li Mu would not take a penny from it. All the money would be completely used for the hungry riders.