Chapter 236

At night, Li Mu treated everyone to dinner at a high-class restaurant in Beijing. He wanted to thank Hui Ka Ming for pulling the strings, and he also wanted to deepen his impression with the few Bank Presidents. In the future, he will need the bank's help for many things.

Li Mu was now carrying 3321's banner, and his attitude towards asking for help had changed. When the other party heard that he was related to 3321, not only were their attitudes good, but they were also very sincere.

At the dinner table, Li Mu drank a few glasses of wine with the presidents of the four banks. The atmosphere was different from that in Xu Jiaming's office in the afternoon. At the dinner table, after three rounds of wine, they all changed to the way of communication between friends, and the atmosphere was very relaxed.

Li Mu was in a good mood. From the current situation, Alipay could not be stopped. After he signed the contract next Monday, he can start debugging and testing the interface between Alipay and the bank. After the tests are passed, he can promote it to 3321's users.

Putting aside 3321, a non-profit organization, Li Mu's plans on the internet had just started. Easy Listening Network was setting up for music auditions, Tieba was setting up for communities, and he was preparing to launch his personal space, stealing vegetables, and other classic community products. Once these products become popular, Tieba's users will reach new heights, and he can also use games to help the users build their own connections in Tieba. Once these connections are built, he will have the foundation to compete with QQ. When the time comes, he will also develop an instant messaging software, and it will be a huge threat to Tencent.

As for e-commerce, Li Mu felt that he was powerless.

After Alipay was set up, it should be able to push ahead with the Taobao project. If Alipay was launched in 2002, it would be one year earlier than Alibaba. But the biggest problem now was the lack of manpower. Kong Lingyu will have more things to do in the future, and it is impossible for him to take care of so many things. But for an e-commerce platform like Taobao, once it is launched, it must expand its territory. If not, it might be overtaken by the younger generation. That's why Li Mu needed talents now.

On Sunday, before Alipay was launched, Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu to arrange a meeting for the leaders of Makino Technology. Currently, there were a few key figures in Makino Technology. One of them was Kong Lingyu, another was Lin Ching-ah, and the last one was the Chief Financial Officer that Lin Ching-ah had poached.

Other than the heads of these three departments, Li Mu also asked Kong Lingyu to gather the three technical heads. They were the team leaders of the project team. Makino Technology currently had 27 technical staff, and they were divided into three technical teams, which were managed by Kong Lingyu.

At ten o 'clock in the morning, Li Mu took a taxi to Makino Technology. The core personnel of Makino Technology had been waiting in the conference room for a long time.

As the current three technical project team leaders of Makino Technology were all veteran employees who had developed the Easy Listening Network, they were very familiar with Li Mu. However, Lin Ching-ah was somewhat embarrassed because she had only recently found out that when Dong Ai introduced her to a job for the first time, her junior at the dining table turned out to be the behind-the-scenes boss of Makino Technology. Moreover, the two had not seen each other since then. Today, Li Mu suddenly held a core staff meeting, and the two finally met for the second time.

Lin Ching-ah was very grateful and fortunate to be able to enter Makino Technology and get 1% options at the beginning. After she really entered the company, she quickly realized the huge development potential of Makino Technology. The valuation of Series A was 50 million yuan, and the valuation of Series B was so high that even the industry insiders could not give a clear valuation. This was because they saw that the product concept of Easy Listening Network and Tieba was different. Who knew what other shocking products Makino Technology would come up with before Series B financing.

Li Mu already had a basic concept of Lin Ching-ah's position when they first met. That was, in the future, she would be the general manager of the support department of Makino Technology. In other words, apart from technology and product development, she could be trained to undertake other work.

She graduated from the National People's Congress. The accumulation of knowledge in finance and management was sufficient. She also had three years of experience in Japanese companies. Li Mu always felt that Japanese companies were the best place to hone patience. Lin Ching-ah could work for three years in her first job. On the one hand, it proved that her work ability had been recognized by Softbank. On the other hand, it also proved that she already had the workplace determination and patience that her peers did not have.

During this period, Li Mu had a grasp of the situation of Makino Technology and the feedback given by Kong Lingyu. It also confirmed that his initial judgment was not wrong. Lin Ching-ah was very patient and good at using her brain. After Makino Technology moved to Yanjing, every new member was recruited or poached by Lin Ching-ah through various channels. Moreover, these new employees' professional skills and accomplishments were very high. Even Kong Lingyu was surprised that she, a person who did not understand technology, had a better judgment of technical talents than him. She was extremely sensitive to the workplace.

In the meeting room, all the senior employees, including Kong Lingyu, greeted Li Mu warmly when they saw him. They called him Li Zong. However, Lin Ching-ah and another financial director in her thirties were somewhat embarrassed.

Kong Lingyu introduced the financial director to Li Mu. Her name was Li Yuanyuan. She was a local in Yanjing and had eight years of work experience. Her previous job was in a well-known venture capital company. It was unknown how she was tricked by Lin Ching-ah to work for a small company like Makino Technology.

Li Yuanyuan was very curious about Li Mu. The reason was not only because it was the first time she met this boss who was not even twenty years old, but also because she had seen Li Mu on TV many times before. She was amazed by his and 3321's success. She did not expect him to be the boss of her company. At such a young age, he was able to create two large-scale Internet projects. His ability was evident.

Li Mu shook hands with Li Yuanyuan and greeted her. Lin Ching-ah, who was beside him, had already reached out a hand. "Li Zong, we finally meet again. This should be the second time we've met, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I didn't tell you the details of Muye's side during our last meal. Please don't take offense."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said with a smile, "I didn't take offense. In fact, I have to thank you for giving me such a good opportunity."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I also thank you for believing in Makino Technology and the other people in the team. It's definitely fate that we can all work together in the same team. I also hope that everyone can work together with the company and cherish it."

His words warmed everyone in the room. Li Mu then walked to the whiteboard and said, "Let's get to the point. I'm here today for three things. The first is the new product development of Makino Technology. The second is the personnel and organizational structure adjustment of Makino Technology. The third is some planning for Series B financing."