Chapter 1391

Starting from the southwest of Beijing, clockwise to the west, northwest, north, and northeast were all mountainous areas. In other words, it was impossible to build a large-scale construction project, so the only choices were the south and southeast.

South of Beijing was the Ji Province, southeast was also the Ji Province, and if it extended further, it would reach Jinshi. In this direction, Li Mu was more inclined to choose the southeast.

Although the south was also flat, in another N years, the new capital airport would be built in this direction. At that time, there would be low-altitude planes flying around the film base all day long, and it would be impossible to do anything.

So the best choice was the southeast.

When others asked Li Mu why he was so fond of the southeast, Li Mu's answer was, "Southeast, we can find a suitable place in the area where Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei intersect."

Chen Ze asked him, "Why are you so obsessed with the area where the three areas intersect?

It's not a gray area, it's safer to choose an area where the three areas don't have any jurisdiction … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "The real reason for choosing the area where the three areas intersect is, is because we can use our project proposal to discuss cooperation with the three local governments, and see which local government offers the most favorable conditions. When the time comes, we can choose the site a little northwest, which is still in Beijing, a little southwest, which is the Ji Province's Langfang, and a little southeast, which is Jinshi's Wuqing. We want each city to think that they have a chance to get this project, but it's also very easy to lose this project. Once we lose this project, this project will be standing not far from our own door, but it will become something in someone else's pocket. As long as we can achieve this effect, we will have the opportunity to get the most support from the government. What we need to do is to play the role of a fence-sitter. We will give the project to whoever has the most sincerity."

"So sneaky …" Chen Ze and Song Liang looked at each other, shook their heads, and sighed.

Traditional real estate developers really did not have such a sneaky brain circuit. Residential real estate was not a big project for every city, so there was no way to use this method to negotiate with the local governments. Commercial real estate was all aimed at the city center, who would want to build in a remote area?

Wasn't that courting death?

Only a cultural tourism project like Li Mu's was the most suitable way to negotiate with the governments of many places, making them constrain each other and raise the price.

Li Mu said, "In the future, Wanying will do more cultural projects like this. Although it looks like the profit cycle is long, in fact, because of the various preferential policies and the long-term low-interest funds provided by the bank, we have the opportunity to make a big profit from each cultural project. Our profit margin is much higher than ordinary real estate. These advantages are not available in ordinary real estate."

"Furthermore, as the number of cultural projects increases and their influence increases, our reputation, word of mouth, and image in the real estate field will be greatly improved. More importantly, our ability to withstand pressure in the real estate field will reach a height that other companies in the industry can only dream of."

…

After the meeting, Wan Ying immediately set up a project team.

This project team was responsible for formulating the project plan of the artificial ancient city as well as the preliminary planning map.

Weilan, who was more professional in real estate projects, immediately divided the work.

First of all, they had to work together to give the artificial ancient city an artistic and memorable name. This name would accompany the entire project for life, so it was especially important.

Second, they would immediately organize a mapping team tomorrow to go to the Great Wall of Simatai to conduct a field survey. They would survey the terrain, geological structure, and usable area, then draw a detailed topographic map.

Third, Dufy would lead the establishment of a design team to gradually implement the design of the entire project. The preliminary plan was: first, based on the general terrain, a bird 's-eye view map of version 1.0, then modularize the various unique buildings in the ancient city.

The so-called modularize design was to break up the ancient city. First, they would design individual buildings or modules, such as the county government, the escort agency, and the dye house. First, they would design them individually as modules, then put them into the overall project planning map and freely combine them. This way, they could start the design work first, and there was no need to wait for the detailed mapping results.

Finally, with Weilan taking the lead and Chen Ze and Song Liang supporting them, a negotiation team was formed. In the next two days, they would bring the project draft to the Miyun County government to discuss.

Li Mu specifically told them that the project draft must be as simple as possible. They only talked about the expected construction scale of the project and the estimated profitability after completion, but never mentioned the specific concept and design. They only needed to draw a picture, but not reveal the raw materials, formulas, and production techniques in advance. The reason was not because they were afraid that the Miyun County government would start the project on their own, but because they did not want the Miyun County government to think that they were fully prepared and ready to go. If that happened, they would not give the other party enough sense of urgency.

Weilan understood Li Mu's idea. The more you reveal, the more invested the other party will feel, and the less enthusiastic they will be. This thing is just like falling in love. If you chase too hard, the other party will unconsciously start to hold back. The best way is to seduce the other party: I don't like you that much, but if you perform well, I can be good to you. If you don't perform well, I will turn around and be good to someone else, and it will be your neighbor. At that time, they will see each other all day long. Don't feel sad and don't regret it.

In order to make this matter better, Li Mu also found the person in charge of Xiangnan Satellite TV's "Life Longing for" program, as well as the interface person of Makino Image, and asked them to work closely with Weilan. Now, although "Life Longing for" has been chosen to be in Sima Tai, the news cannot be disclosed. Originally, this was not a gift to Miyun, but now it will be regarded as a dowry for the maidservants of Miyun County in the artificial ancient city project.

As for what the name of this artificial ancient city is, the entire Wanying Real Estate people's imagination is running wild.

Some people said it was called Wanying Ancient Town, but Li Mu rejected it. What the hell, Wanying Ancient Town, Wanying can be a trademark name, but it must not appear in the official name of the ancient city project, otherwise it will be neither fish nor fowl;

Some people said it was called Beibei Ancient City, but Li Mu also rejected it. It has no characteristics, no highlights;

Weilan proposed to call it Shuimu Ancient Town, but Li Mu also did not adopt it. It was not suitable to bring his name in at this time.

After thinking about it, he couldn't think of a good name. Li Mu simply said lazily, "Let's call it Gubei Water Town. The ancient character represents the ancient temperament, and the northern character represents the northern part of Hua Xia. Water Town is the literal meaning, but don't we ordinary people think that there is only a water town in the south? Not now. The meaning of this name is that we have made a water town with an ancient temperament in the north."

Gubei Water Town?

Almost immediately, everyone agreed to this name. They all felt that not only is the name catchy, but it also fits the theme of the project.

While everyone praised Li Mu for coming up with a good name, Li Mu sighed in his heart. It's okay to plagiarize someone else's idea, but I can't even escape the name. It's really a bit shameful.

However, this is the advantage of being reborn. When you can't think of a solution, at least you can choose from the memory bank of the next ten years.

After the name was confirmed, the cultural tourism project of "Gubei Water Town" was officially launched. The full name of the project is: Wanying · Gubei Water Town.

The whole project will be managed by Wanying. First, they will communicate with the Miyun County government. After the agreement, they will ask the Miyun County government and Wanying to communicate with several major banks to find the best banking partner. Then, with the project proposal and the details of the Miyun County government's support, they will communicate with several state-owned tourism groups to discuss in-depth cooperation.

There are two aspects to in-depth cooperation: one is capital cooperation, and the other is tourism resources cooperation. There will definitely be a lot of companies willing to invest in this project, including the banks' own funds. However, Li Mu wants to take the money from the state-owned tourism groups because they have unique tourism resources, which will be very helpful for future development.

However, it doesn't matter even if the negotiations with the state-owned tourism groups don't work out. Wanying only needs to guarantee a controlling stake in the project, and the rest of the shares can be opened to the public. Whoever can accept the terms of cooperation can bring in the money, whether it be the Miyun local government, the major banks, companies, or investors.

…

After the project of Gubei Water Town was finalized, Lucas sent Li Mu a piece of good news from the other side of the world. "Mr. Zombie" has been rated and released in North America. The film's rating has been confirmed as PG-13, and it is recommended for children under the age of 13 to watch.

This rating is better than Li Mu expected. Originally, Li Mu thought that the film would most likely be rated R, which is a restricted rating, and recommended for children over the age of 17. However, Lucas is quite capable, and he made the film the same rating as Harry Potter, which is a small surprise.

Originally, according to the North American film distribution method, the film would have to go through at least a month or two of publicity before it was officially released. However, in view of Li Mu's principle of "fast review and release", Lucas directly set the release date for five days later. Li Mu originally wanted him to speed up the release to three days, but the copies were being produced in batches and sent to the cinemas in batches. The simplest promotional materials were also being presented in the cinemas in batches, so five days was the fastest Lucas could fight for.

Li Mu didn't force it, and immediately arranged for Kong Lingyu to push the news to all YY users who logged in in North America. At the same time, all Plants vs Zombies Online users who logged in in North America will also receive a notification the next time they log in.

On the same day, YY users and Plants vs Zombies Online players in North America received a piece of news that they were looking forward to. "Hua Xia's zombie series, Mr. Zombie, will be released in North America at midnight on May 10th!"