Chapter 1289

As the public opinion continued to ferment, the CSC Club's reputation continued to rise, but its image in the eyes of the general public did not change. For the general public, the best attitude was not to acknowledge the CSC Club, but to be indifferent to it.

Apart from some of the people who were indifferent to it, more or less people had some resistance to it. Li Mu, who was in the middle of this whirlpool, did not take the initiative to pay attention to the public opinion. Instead, he focused his energy on two things. One was to sort out the CSC Club's subsequent operations, and the other was to prepare for the upcoming press conference.

Compared to other clubs, the CSC Club's operating costs were very high. Other clubs could just rent a venue and open for business, but the CSC Club had invested hundreds of millions of dollars to build its high-standard hardware facilities.

Therefore, the future operation of the CSC Club not only had to maintain the entire race track and other hardware facilities, but it also had to support an ever-growing team.

The current 40-50 million membership fee for the first year could cover the costs if all of it was invested into operations. However, this 40-50 million membership fee also corresponded to services worth 40-50 million to the members. Even if the profit margin was set to be higher, at least half of it would be deducted. It would be very difficult to maintain the overall operation and development of the club with the remaining money.

Therefore, Li Mu had always emphasized that within the club, they should provide high-end products and services to their members, and earn the part of the cost that was lacking.

Cai Zhengmao's car import business had already been incorporated into the CSC Club. He kept 30% of the net profit for himself, and the remaining 70% would be used as the club's revenue. During this time, he had ordered more than a hundred cars. If all of them were delivered, the profit would be more than 20 million, and the profit left for the club would be about 15 million.

If the CSC Club continued to develop, it should not be a problem to sell another hundred cars this year. In other words, at least another 15 million in profit would be gradually paid over the next six months.

Although the income in this area was considerable, Li Mu was very clear that the overall market of this business would definitely go down. Originally, the reason why Cai Zhengmao's import and export business was good was that many high-end automobile brands had not officially entered the Hua Xia market. With the development of time, more and more brands set up branches in Hua Xia and expanded sales channels. This business didn't have much room for imagination.

The CSC Club had just exploded in popularity, collecting more than 40 million in membership fees, selling more than 100 million in cars, and gathering more than 80 million in donations. Although there were some voices of criticism in society, overall, it could be said to be an extremely successful business case. However, Li Mu did not enjoy the status quo. Instead, he called Chen Ze and Cai Zhengmao together to discuss the future profits of the CSC Club.

Chen Ze and Cai Zhengmao didn't quite understand why Li Mu was so anxious about the future profits when the current income was far better than expected.

Li Mu did not hide it at all and said to the two of them, "Don't think that we are very successful at the moment. The income in this period of time is good, but don't forget, we are living beyond our means."

"Living beyond our means. In other words, we are overdrafting our future profits in advance. Our CSC Club suddenly exploded in popularity in the circle, and it indeed stimulated a large number of users who did not have sports cars to invest in them in a short period of time. However, this is equivalent to us forcibly bringing forward the market in the future. This year, with the club's popularity, it is not a problem to sell a hundred or two hundred cars. What about next year?

How many can we sell next year?

The year after that, I'm afraid there will not be much left. "

Chen Ze nodded and said, "You are right, but don't we still have to sell high-end products and services? This business will also bring us a good income in the future."

Li Mu said, "Old Chen, I need to think further. If the club wants to maintain an upward trend of development, the more the better. Don't forget that we have such a huge investment in hardware, and the maintenance cost of this part is also very high. Moreover, don't you want to raise your own Kart Racing Team?

This requires a bigger investment, and correspondingly, a bigger profit. "

Chen Ze said seriously, "To be honest, the racing team itself is a money-burning thing. It is impossible to rely on it to make money, and it will definitely lose money. Moreover, this thing is an ideal of mine, and I can't let everyone pay for it. So, I have already thought about the racing team very clearly, and the expenses of the team will be borne by me personally."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Don't talk about these useless things. Back then, when you said that you wanted to build a racing track and a racing team, it was me who suggested to build a club on this basis. These projects in themselves are one thing, and now you want to separate them?"

Chen Ze said, "The racing team itself is a burden …"

Li Mu interrupted him and said, "Not all projects that can't be profitable in the short term are burdens. With the three of us together in the CSC Club, we need to set our sights higher. We can't just think that the racing team is not profitable, and we need to think about how to get more and more funds in our big plate. What we need to pursue now is to improve the profitability of the club, and then let the club incubate more related projects, and the racing team is just one of them."

Chen Ze hesitated for a moment. Seeing that Li Mu's attitude was firm, he knew that Li Mu didn't want him to bear all the risks. His heart was filled with warmth, and he gave up the idea of taking out the racing team for himself to invest in. He asked Li Mu, "Tell me, where do we want to put our efforts?"

Li Mu said, "In addition to the sales of high-end products and services, I want to do something deeper. After all, this kind of cooperation in sales doesn't have much technical content."

Chen Ze and Cai Zhengmao asked curiously, "What do you mean by deeper?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "For example, when you see a beautiful woman, your most superficial thought is to sleep with her. On a deeper level, you will want to fall in love with her, and even marry her, have children with her, and spend the rest of your life with her. What we need to do now is such a deep level of planning."

As he said this, Li Mu said to Cai Zhengmao, "Zhengmao, Maserati is a very good opportunity. Take some time to have a good chat with the person who is in charge of Maserati, and talk about deeper things. I don't just want to help them sell cars, I want to help them promote and promote the Hua Xia market!

Let them take out at least 50% of the money they are going to invest in the Hua Xia market and give it to the club! "

Cai Zhengmao was stunned. After a while, he asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, we are not an advertising company. How are we going to promote and promote them?"

Li Mu said, "The real promotion of high-end brands is different from the promotion of ordinary brands, especially for high-end brands with high customer prices. It's even harder to promote ordinary brands with low customer prices. It's easy to promote ordinary brands with low customer prices. At the very least, it can be like Nao Bai Jin, which is a simple, brainwashing type of advertising. After all, the customer price of a product is only one or two hundred yuan, and most people can afford it. But sports cars, which can easily cost more than a million yuan, are different. Take Maserati for example. Do you think that Maserati will be able to build this brand up by advertising on TV every day and directly bring in considerable sales?"

Cai Zhengmao thought for a moment and said, "That's true. It's definitely more difficult to promote high-end brands."

Li Mu said, "Actually, looking at the development process of these high-end brands all over the world, you can see that many high-end brands, because of improper marketing and positioning, put themselves in the awkward position of 'ordinary people can't afford it, and the rich don't want to buy it'. If Maserati wants to develop in Hua Xia, how many people in the country know about it is secondary. How many people are really willing to spend millions to buy it is the key."

"On this point, I'm afraid that even 4A advertising companies can't guarantee it, and it's the same for those companies that specialize in planning for the high-end market. Their things may look good on the surface, but it's difficult to land or produce practical results. The reason is very simple: they really don't have any real influence on high-end consumers, and high-end consumers won't be led by the nose by them. It's just like those fashion magazines. They're just a group of editors with a monthly salary of five thousand, telling people with a monthly salary of less than three thousand how to live, and people with a daily salary of thirty thousand. But think about it, will people with a daily salary of thirty thousand be led by the nose by these editors?"

Cai Zhengmao rubbed his nose and said with a smile, "That's true. My girlfriend doesn't like fashion magazines. She always said that most fashion magazine editors don't have good taste. Those who can afford luxury goods won't be influenced by these editors."

Li Mu nodded. "This is the crux of the problem. Advertising companies and planning companies have no way to deeply influence high-end consumers, but we are different. Look at our registration, and you will know how attractive and influential we are to high-end consumers. If we are the ones to do marketing for them, we can guarantee their actual conversion rate in the Hua Xia market in the future. This is something that no advertising company or planning company can compare with."

"A new brand entering a new market, especially a new market based on a country, is like fighting a transnational war. Sufficient funds must be prepared. So we can imagine that Maserati's next step in entering the Hua Xia market would be to prepare at least tens of millions of advertising budget to quickly raise the brand's reputation. So Zhengmao, your task is to make Maserati realize this and do as I said. Give us at least half of their advertising budget in the Hua Xia market."

Li Mu felt that Maserati was a chance for CSC to show off its muscles to the world's high-end suppliers. If they could get Maserati and then help it fight a beautiful battle in the domestic market, then it was very likely that in the future, most luxury car brands would want to have in-depth cooperation with CSC Club. This would also become an important part of CSC Club's future profits.

Cai Zhengmao said, "Li Zong, I will communicate with Maserati as soon as possible. But to be honest, whether this brand can gain a foothold in the domestic market, whether it can be accepted by the people, I am not sure."