Chapter 725

Li Mu had no idea that he was being followed.

As he drove, he chatted with Wei Lan. The car drove smoothly the whole time, and when they got off the ring road, they turned to the road towards Ziyun Villa. Yu Hu felt that the photos and videos taken from the back and the side weren't clear enough, so he urged his men to quickly overtake Li Mu at the next intersection. From the rear window, they could shoot in front of Li Mu's car so that they could get a clearer picture.

At the intersection, Li Mu turned on the turn signal to slow down and turned right. Suddenly, he saw a Prima overtake him from the straight road and then turn right in front of his car. Luckily, there was still some distance between them, so Li Mu wasn't too affected.

"This driver's quality is too bad." Wei Lan frowned and said, "How can he turn right on the straight road!"

Li Mu laughed, "If you drive in Yanjing often, you will realize that this kind of small matter isn't worth getting angry over. Otherwise, if you drive to work, you will die from anger before you even reach the company."

Wei Lan nodded helplessly. She agreed with what Li Mu said. The drivers on the roads of Yanjing were all very fierce. Although she hadn't spent much time in Yanjing, she still had some experience.

At this moment, when Wang Yuanlang saw the car overtake him, he was afraid that the other party would directly threaten Li Mu, so he immediately ordered the driver, "Zhou Zhan, chase and hit him!"

The Benz S class immediately exploded with power as it fiercely rushed forward. Before Li Mu could finish the turn, it suddenly overtook and swung its tail, instantly making a ninety-degree turn. Then, the torque exploded in an instant, and the S class quickly overtook Li Mu.

Zhou Zhan's driving was very fierce. It almost brushed past Li Mu's G55 and completed the turn in an instant. The rear of the car slightly shook, and it directly rushed out.

Li Mu and Wei Lan were both startled by the sudden overtaking, but Li Mu recognized that the car was the Benz S-class that he had assigned to Wang Yuanlang and the others. Thinking back to the Prima suddenly overtaking them, and how Wang Yuanlang and the others chased after them, Li Mu's heart tightened. Could it be that he was being watched?

Thinking of this, Li Mu instinctively hit the brakes. He wanted to keep a safe distance from the Primer in front of him. At this time, Zhou Zhan drove the Benz S-class and rushed forward. The front of the car slammed into the rear of the Primer.

The Prima's tires were narrow, its center of gravity was high, and it was light. Most importantly, it was a front-wheel instead of a four-wheel drive, so the car was very light when it was driven. When the four-wheel drive's high-horsepower Mercedes-Benz suddenly hit the front of the car, the car instantly lost control. The whole car twisted left and right a few times on the road, and it barely stopped on the road. Zhou Zhan was very experienced, so he rushed forward to change the direction of the Prima, and the Mercedes-Benz directly locked the front of the Prima, leaving the opposite lane for Li Mu.

Then Wang Yuanlang quickly got out of the car. Before the other party could react, he clenched his left hand into a fist. There was a ring on his finger, but it was a device specially used to break windows. He suddenly punched the driver's window, and the window was immediately shattered. Then, Wang Yuanlang took out a gun from nowhere, pointed it at the driver and shouted angrily, "Raise your left hand, turn off the engine with your right hand, pull out the car key, and get out of the car with your hands behind your head!"

Wu Xuewen, one of the three members of the tactical team, had also gotten out of the car. Just like Wang Yuanlang, he also broke the rear left window of the Primer. Then, he also took out his gun, pointed it at the people inside, and shouted, "All of you, get out of the car with your hands behind your head!"

Seeing the two of them take out their guns, Yu Hu and the others were completely scared to the point of peeing their pants.

Unlike Xu Jianjun's private detective team, Yu Hu's team did not come from the military. Most of their private detectives revolved around business and wealthy families. They had never experienced such a situation before, and all of them were scared silly when faced with the black muzzles.

Li Mu was surprised. He didn't know why Wang Yuanlang and the others were using guns, but he also knew that he couldn't stay and watch. Otherwise, not only would he be in danger, but he would also cause trouble for Wang Yuanlang.

Wei Lan, who was beside him, was stunned by the sudden situation in front of her. Li Mu stepped on the accelerator, and the car passed by the Benz S-Class. So, Li Mu drove forward for about a hundred meters before slowing down and observing through the rearview mirror.

At that moment, a few people, including Yu Hu, obediently got out of the car with their hands behind their heads while the muzzles were pointed at them. All of them had terrified expressions. Wang Yuanlang also had good eyesight. When he saw that many people's eyes were helplessly looking at Yu Hu, he knew that he must be the leader of the group. He immediately questioned him loudly, "Name, age, place of origin, occupation!"

Yu Hu forced himself to calm down, raised his head, and asked, "Who are you people?

If you are the police, I want to see your ID! "

Yu Hu took out his military officer ID from his pocket, showed him the cover, and said coldly, "Yanjing Military District, now answer my question!"

Yu Hu was shocked. When did he offend the military district?

He immediately realized that these people might be Li Mu's bodyguards. Although he didn't know why Li Mu had active duty soldiers as bodyguards, after he calmed down, he realized a key problem, and blurted out, "Soldiers leave the military district, and they have no law enforcement authority!

Be careful, I will sue you for abusing your authority! "

Wang Yuanlang kicked him to the ground, and said coldly, "Special soldiers, when they feel that the country's security is threatened, they have full authority to arrest or even kill. I now suspect that you are plotting terrorist activities. If you don't answer my question, I will immediately send all of you to the military district!"

Yu Hu was really scared this time. Although the term 'special soldiers' was vague, but this kind of soldiers that were related to the country's security, their law enforcement authority must be much greater than he imagined. Otherwise, they wouldn't be openly carrying guns outside the military district.

Previously, when he made a move on Huang Jinxiao's bodyguards, Wang Yuanlang knew that if he made a move, the police would definitely intervene. So, the three of them purposely removed their guns before making a move. This time, it was different. The other party's car was covered with a very dark film. It was impossible to see who was inside, and whether they had weapons. If they didn't take out their guns, what if the glass was smashed, and a gun poked out from inside, then wouldn't they be finished?

Yu Hu also didn't dare to act rashly. It was just secretly taking pictures, and it didn't break any laws. If he was arrested by the police, he could still use his connections to mediate. But if he was really sent to the military district, then he would be finished. He didn't know anyone, and it wouldn't be easy to find someone to bail him out. Furthermore, who knew what laws they would use?

If they said that he was a spy or a terrorist, then he could only suffer in silence. Who asked him to do something very sensitive. Driving a car and secretly taking pictures of a billionaire, this was a serious matter.

Thinking of this, Yu Hu hurriedly reported some of his information, and then explained to Wang Yuanlang, "Officer, we don't have any ill intentions. We are just private detectives following and taking pictures …"

Wang Yuanlang shouted, "Following and taking pictures?

How can you prove that you didn't intend to kidnap him? "

As he said this, Wang Yuanlang said to Zhou Zhan beside him, "Check the car, see if there's anything suspicious!"

Zhou Zhan hurriedly opened the Prima's door, and after checking it, he held up an SLR camera with a telephoto lens and said, "Boss, it's all camera equipment, and a map. On it, Li Mu's house and a few companies are marked, and a few routes are drawn."

Wang Yuanlang nodded, "Go to the trunk and take out the rope and the body bag!"

"Yes!"

Yu Hu and the others were scared out of their wits. Rope?

Body bag?

It can't be, this big?

Zhou Zhan immediately took out a bundle of rope and two black plastic bags from the trunk of Benz's car. Wang Yuanlang gave him a look, and he immediately understood. He threw the rope and the plastic bags in front of Yu Hu and yelled, "Pick them up!"

Yu Hu didn't know what Wang Yuanlang meant, but he didn't dare to disobey him. He could only tremble as he held the rope and the body bag in his hands and raised them above his head. Zhou Zhan then took them from his hands and threw them on the ground.

Wang Yuanlang asked coldly, "Do you know who you're following?"

"Yes …" Yu Hu nodded timidly.

Wang Yuanlang pointed at the rope and the body bag on the ground, and said to Yu Hu with a cold face, "Your fingerprints are on them, the camera has the photos and videos you secretly took of the person involved, and the map has the records of your advance reconnaissance and the route of your plot. I have sufficient reason to suspect that you intended to kidnap and murder Hua Xia's youngest billionaire!"

Yu Hu blurted out, "You can't frame me!"

Wang Yuanlang swung his arm and slapped Yu Hu's face, causing him to be stunned.

"I frame you?

Do you believe that I won't add you to the crime of framing the country's soldiers? "

"I …" Yu Hu had just suffered a slap, and he was continuously threatened by Wang Yuanlang several times. He even wanted to die.

He had been in this line of work for many years, and had dealt with many forces and the police countless times, but he had never met someone like Wang Yuanlang, who pulled a gun and did not play by the rules. Yu Hu also knew that Li Mu's identity was very special. Not only was he rich, but the influence of several of his companies was also very big. This kind of person might really be the target of attention from the upper echelons. It was already very risky for him to secretly take pictures of him, and now he was caught on the spot. With so much "evidence" in his hands, if he really wanted to mess with him, he was afraid that he really wouldn't be able to get away with it!

Yu Hu hurriedly and sincerely pleaded, "You really misunderstood, I really am a private detective. My private detective company is called Zhongkai Information Consulting Co., Ltd. The business registration information is very complete, you can check it at any time."

"Talk back!"

Wang Yuanlang knocked Yu Hu's head with a stir-fried chestnut, and shouted, "Anyone can register a company, do you think the person who registers a company won't break the law and commit crimes?

You said you are a private detective, do you have any documents to prove it? "

"I …" Yu Hu's face was full of grievance, and he said with a bitter face, "Our country didn't set any regulations for the private detective industry, so we don't have the relevant documents …"

Wang Yuanlang snorted, "No documents, then let's look at the chain of evidence. The evidence is right in front of us, what else do you have to explain?"

After saying that, Wang Yuanlang changed the topic and said, "I'll give you a chance now, and only one chance. Tell me who took care of you, and maybe I'll let you go. Otherwise, all of you will have to follow me to the military, and no one will be able to escape."

Yu Hu didn't think that Wang Yuanlang was bluffing him at all. They had already pulled out their guns, and they were Li Mu's bodyguards. They also suspected that he was threatening Li Mu's personal safety, so they definitely wouldn't let him go. However, he was a private detective, and he was very famous in Yan Jing. If he really failed because he followed Li Mu and was taken to the military by these soldiers, then he was afraid that he would be in big trouble.

After struggling for a moment, Yu Hu could only give up on his professional ethics, and said in a low, muffled voice, "I'll talk, I'll talk, it was Hangzhou entrepreneur Zhao Xianliang who asked me to investigate Mr. Li …"