Chapter 116

Zhao Ziqiu was very satisfied with the way Li Mu looked at her. She said with a smile, "You swam back and forth. Your posture is quite standard!"

Li Mu smiled. "Why don't you come down and swim for a while?"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded. She put her hands on the edge of the pool and slowly went into the water. After entering the water, Zhao Ziqiu complained in a low voice in Li Mu's ear, "Why are the students in your school like little hooligans? They even whistle when they see people."

Li Mu thought of the whistle he had heard just now. He smiled and looked up at several tall and strong boys who were sitting and resting by the pool. He said, "It's those guys, right?

They are here every day, whistling when they see beautiful girls. They are from the school's swimming team. It is said that most of them are specially recruited. "

"Ah?"

Zhao Ziqiu exclaimed in a low voice. She said, "Your school doesn't have a sports major. What are the specially recruited sports students doing here?"

Li Mu shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe the school leaders think that the school needs some achievements in sports. It is said that these people don't go to class. They are just helping the school to participate in competitions."

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips and didn't ask any more questions. She suddenly said to Li Mu, "Let's have a 50-meter race. The loser will have to buy supper!"

After saying that, she didn't wait for Li Mu to react. She stepped on the wall of the pool and jumped into the water.

Li Mu was about to chase after her when he saw Zhao Ziqiu stretch out her arms, put her legs together, and hit the water in an S shape in the pool. Anyone who had practiced butterfly stroke would have practiced this posture. It was also recognized as the most beautiful swimming posture. It was infinitely close to the aesthetic feeling of mermaids in movies and TV series.

One could imagine how surprised Li Mu was when Zhao Ziqiu, a woman with an extremely hot figure, showed such a wonderful scene.

In fact, it wasn't just Li Mu. The other members of the school's swimming team were also stunned. After a moment of surprise, one of them gave the others a look and stood up. He walked towards Li Mu's lane while staring at Zhao Ziqiu in the water.

Li Mu's attention was all on Zhao Ziqiu. He saw that Zhao Ziqiu was already halfway through, but he still didn't move. He just stood there and watched as Zhao Ziqiu swam gracefully to the other side.

As soon as Zhao Ziqiu got out of the water, she pushed her goggles up to her head and turned her head to see where Li Mu was. She didn't expect to see Li Mu standing in front of her, not moving at all.

"Hey!

Why aren't you swimming? "Zhao Ziqiu wrinkled her nose and asked.

Li Mu laughed and spread his hands. "Supper is on me."

Zhao Ziqiu was stunned for a moment. Then she laughed out loud and said, "Then you have to treat me tonight."

"No problem."

Zhao Ziqiu waved at Li Mu. "Swim over here. Let's have a serious competition!"

Li Mu curled his lips. "I'm very fast. Be careful."

As he spoke, he dove into the water. When he swam half the distance, he began to swim to the other side unhurriedly with breaststroke.

He got out of the water next to Zhao Ziqiu. As soon as Li Mu pushed up his goggles, Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "How fast can you swim if you don't hide anything?"

Li Mu put his hands behind his back and supported himself on the divider on the surface of the water. He said frivolously, "If I don't hide anything, I'm really, really fast."

"Oh, really?" Zhao Ziqiu's willowy eyebrows curved into a crescent shape. "Be more specific. How fast?"

Li Mu curled his lips and said casually, "So fast that I can't even keep up with my underwear."

Zhao Ziqiu was stunned for a moment, but then she understood the meaning of Li Mu's words. Although she blushed a little, she still laughed happily.

At this time, a boy on the opposite side of the pool ran up and jumped into the water. The loud sound he made attracted the attention of many people. After he entered the water, he used the same posture as Zhao Ziqiu. In fact, he was even more professional than Zhao Ziqiu, and his speed was also much faster. In the blink of an eye, he had already crossed half of the 50-meter swimming lane. Then, he suddenly jumped out of the water and swung his thick arms with all his might in a butterfly stroke, constantly approaching the two.

It was a public pool. When there were many people, there were more than ten people swimming in one lane. Li Mu didn't care. Zhao Ziqiu instinctively moved to Li Mu's side, leaving half of the space for the boy. Unexpectedly, when the boy was about to touch the wall, he dived into the water and rushed directly to Zhao Ziqiu's lower abdomen.

Seeing that the boy suddenly changed direction, Zhao Ziqiu screamed and tried to dodge, but the boy was already very close. She didn't have time to dodge. At this time, Li Mu suddenly held the back of her waist, turned around, and quickly flashed in front of Zhao Ziqiu. Their noses almost touched, and at this time, the boy's head hit Li Mu's butt.

The boy came to take advantage of Zhao Ziqiu. This kind of thing was often done in the school's swimming team. Whether the girl had a boyfriend or not, as long as it was a beauty, they would try to take advantage of it. Today, they saw Zhao Ziqiu, and they didn't want to miss it. Although they also saw Li Mu, they didn't care about Li Mu.

The swimming pool was already crowded, and the view underwater was poor. It was normal to touch whoever you bumped into. Even if you touched some sensitive private parts, it didn't matter. What could the boy do to you if you stood up and apologized that you didn't mean to?

If the girl had a boyfriend, they wouldn't dare to act rashly in that kind of situation. If they dared to cause trouble, there were eight or nine boys on the school's swimming team. Which boy could afford to offend them?

This kind of trick, they were already used to it.

Just now, the boy's plan was very simple. He would hit Zhao Ziqiu's lower abdomen, then open his hands, let his palms go from the outside of her legs to her butt, and then finally hold her waist. Once out of the water, he would sincerely apologize, and nothing would happen.

However, he didn't expect that when he dove in, he would hit Li Mu's butt. He didn't expect Li Mu's reaction to be so fast. In an instant, Li Mu stood between him and the girl. This collision also stopped his movement. Just when he wanted to stand up, he suddenly felt a big hand on the back of his neck, secretly exerting force to prevent him from standing up.

Li Mu's move disrupted the boy's rhythm, causing him to slip and almost choke on the water.

However, the boy was a member of the swimming team after all, and his physique was better than Li Mu's. He rolled under the water and dodged Li Mu's hand. He quickly stood up and glared at Li Mu, asking, "Damn it, do you want to die?"

Li Mu deliberately raised his voice and asked, "When you swim, you like to hit people's butts with your face?

Did my butts offend you?

Or do you like men? "

Being questioned by Li Mu, the boy was speechless.

He didn't want to hit Li Mu's butt, and he definitely didn't like men. He wanted to run into Zhao Ziqiu's arms, but he couldn't bring himself to say that.

"I didn't do it on purpose. Why the hell did you reach out and grab my neck?"

With the boy's clamor, many people looked over. A few members of the school's swimming team also stood up and walked over.

Zhao Ziqiu was a little worried. She quietly tugged on Li Mu's hand and said in a low voice, "Let's go eat something."

Li Mu didn't respond to her. Instead, he looked at the boy in front of him, who had a face full of nothing to fear. With a face full of disdain, he said, "If you want to get a girlfriend, go out and chase her. If you can't get her, ask your family for money. If you can't afford it, just buy a roll of toilet paper and go back to your dorm to look at it. Don't come out and take advantage of girls like a scumbag. You're a university student, not a hooligan on the streets. Have some face."

Li Mu looked down on this kind of person the most. He felt that this kind of person was even more hateful than a petty thief.

Although the other side had a lot of people, Li Mu didn't care. With so many people present, he wasn't afraid that the other side would do something desperate. Even if they really did fight, he didn't think he would suffer much. He believed that the few members of the school's swimming team wouldn't dare to swarm him. Otherwise, they would definitely be punished. The National People's Congress was very strict. It was taboo to have gang fights. This kind of thing was extremely bad. Once it was discovered, it would at least be a serious warning.

As soon as these words came out, many people in the pool looked at the fierce-looking guy. The guy seemed to feel the aggressive gazes around him, and his confidence suddenly disappeared. He didn't know how to refute. Li Mu's words were too vicious. With just a few words, he had lost all his face.

A few members of the school's swimming team stood by the side of the pool. One of them asked the guy in the water who was facing Li Mu, "Zhang Qing, what's going on?"

Zhang Qing waved at them, then gritted his teeth and looked at Li Mu. He said in a low voice, "Alright, kid, I'll remember you!"

Li Mu nodded, "It's okay if you don't remember me. I'll come again tomorrow."

"F * ck …"

This time, it wasn't just Zhang Qing. The other members of the school's swimming team were also shocked. This kid was too pretentious, wasn't he?

Didn't he know that the swimming pool was the school's swimming team's home ground?

As for the other students who came to play, they had the same thought. However, other than thinking that Li Mu was pretentious, they secretly gave Li Mu a thumbs up in their hearts, especially the girls. In their opinion, a man should be like Li Mu. No matter what the situation was, he should protect the women around him.

This was also one of the definitions of a good man in Zhao Ziqiu's heart. However, she didn't expect that Li Mu would actually show such a manly side. It made her feel a sense of security from being protected by him.

She was pleasantly surprised, as if a shooting star had flashed across her heart. It made Zhao Ziqiu stand beside Li Mu, hold her head high and say, "I'll come again tomorrow!"

Zhang Qing's heart was filled with hatred. He didn't get to eat the lamb and got himself into trouble. However, he knew that he couldn't touch Li Mu, so he could only rack his brain to think of a few harsh words. However, at this time, Li Mu had already pulled Zhao Ziqiu to the ladder of the swimming pool. He first gestured for Zhao Ziqiu to climb up, and then he stepped on it. When they were about to get out of the water, Li Mu turned his head and said to Zhang Qing, who was still thinking of harsh words, "If you haven't thought of how to threaten me, go back tonight and think about it. Tell me tomorrow."

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu didn't want to continue arguing with him. He went to the locker room with Zhao Ziqiu and said to her at the door, "Change your clothes and come out. I'll wait for you at the door."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded gently and said, "Be careful. There are many of them. Don't go inside to make trouble for you."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "They don't dare. Even if they dare, it doesn't matter. At worst, I'll just be beaten."

Seeing that Li Mu played it down, Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Then you must protect your face. Don't let it be disfigured."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If it's really disfigured, I'll blame it on you. OK, hurry up and change your clothes."

"Well …"