Chapter 1821

As soon as Li Mu said that he would reserve some shares for the Goldberg family, who had been rushing to promote him, those state-funded brokers all became very alert.

It was indeed a bit difficult to swallow a pie of 45 billion USD, but if a large part of it was given out at once, it would be a huge loss for everyone.

Therefore, they all communicated with Li Mu and agreed that they would give 10 billion to the Goldberg family out of the 45 billion, and they would take the rest.

This was equivalent to agreeing on the valuation of 450 billion USD.

For these securities companies, although it was indeed a bit difficult to swallow tens of billions of USD in one go, Li Mu was right. Although the amount of capital raised was a bit higher, it was not too difficult. With the current global optimism for Makino Technology, countless people would rush to invest in Makino Technology.

Over the past year or so, there had been too many venture capital investors who wanted to invest in Mu Ye Technology. However, they had not had the opportunity to get on board. Now that the IPO had to offer 10% of the company's shares as shares, as long as it was released, it would definitely become the target of major venture capital investors and stock funds.

45 billion USD, in fact, it was about the same for the global stock funds. After reserving a part for individual investors, it would basically be clean.

After the state-owned securities companies negotiated on how to distribute the 35 billion USD share, Li Mu called Davidson and Gao Bai of the Goldberg family.

Davidson and Gao Bai had been in Beijing for more than half a year, and they were unwilling to return to the UK. They were waiting for Li Mu to calm down and be willing to meet them so that they could repent in front of him.

Even though Li Mu did not contact them, they did not intend to leave Beijing.

This was mainly because Davidson and Gao Bai could see that Li Mu was a huge gold mine in the future. In the future, not only would Makino Technology go public, but Taobao would also go public soon. Maybe in a few years, Muye Automobile Group would also go public. Based on this trend, they did not have to do anything else. They could just follow Li Mu and do an IPO, and they would be able to make a lot of money.

Therefore, under such circumstances, Davidson and Gao Bai couldn't give up on Li Mu no matter what.

When he received Li Mu's call, Davidson Gao Bai, who was in his sixties, was so excited that he was a little incoherent.

In the past six months in Beijing, he had learned pretty good Mandarin. He said excitedly, "Li Zong, you're finally willing to contact me!"

Li Mu was briefly surprised before he smiled, "Your Chinese is pretty good, Davidson. Have you learned Chinese recently?"

"Yes!"

Davidson said, "I hired a Chinese tutor and studied Chinese for three hours a day. Although I can't write it well, it's not a big problem for me to speak it."

As he spoke, Davidson hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, are you calling me about the IPO?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Makino Technology will be launching its IPO soon. It's valued at 450 billion USD and raised 45 billion USD. I'll reserve 10 billion USD of shares for you. If you think it's okay, come to Makino Technology now to sign the contract with me."

Davidson Gao Bai quickly asked, "Li Zong, can't you let HSBC be the lead underwriter?"

Li Mu said faintly, "Dream on. Just based on what you guys did when Google was going public, I really want to blacklist you and never cooperate with you for the rest of my life. This time, I reserved 10 billion USD of shares for you because you've been performing well and took the initiative to draw a line with those people on Wall Street."

Although Davidson Gao Bai was a little disappointed, he was still excited deep down in his heart. After all, at least he got on Li Mu's car and was not kicked out by Li Mu.

After that, Davidson Gao Bai immediately rushed to Makino Technology to meet with Li Mu and the other brokers.

On the conference table, Li Mu directly threw out the specific cooperation plan. The state-owned securities firm would take the lead and lead a few medium-sized securities firms to absorb 35 billion US dollars, while Davidson Cooper's HSBC Bank would absorb the remaining 10 billion US dollars.

The 45 billion USD fund cannot be raised with Wall Street, and the state-owned brokers will raise funds from the Chinese and Asian financial markets. As for HSBC, it will raise funds from Europe.

This time, Wall Street has no chance with Makino Technology's IPO.

After everyone reached a consensus, they signed the memorandum at the same time, and Makino Technology's IPO was officially launched.

In the afternoon, Makino Technology and its partners jointly announced the official launch of Makino Technology's IPO in Hong Kong, raising 45 billion USD. This is the largest IPO in history.

A market value of 450 billion USD and a fundraising amount of 45 billion USD had shocked the global financial community. But for many people, this amount was reasonable and within expectations.

After all, this is Makino Technology, the world's number one Internet company. In this field, no one can compete with it.

Muye Technology also announced that out of the 45 billion US dollars, 35 billion US dollars would be invested in the company's next global strategy and software development, of which at least 20 billion US dollars would be invested in data processing.

At this stage, Makino Technology is already the world's largest data service provider. Another 20 billion USD will provide a strong boost to Makino Technology's cloud services. In the future, Makino Technology can monopolize more than 70% of the global cloud services.

However, there weren't many companies that needed data services at the moment. It wasn't as developed as the internet in the future. Regardless of whether it was a big company or a small company, they had to purchase cloud services. Therefore, it wasn't obvious how big the market for this business was.

However, in Li Mu's opinion, Mu Yeyun would have an independent market value of at least 500 billion US dollars in ten years. If it was supplemented by Mu Ye Technology's core business, the total market value of Mu Ye Technology would exceed 2 trillion US dollars, or even more.

Basically, 10 years later, Makino Technology's market value will be more than two Tencent's, half of Amazon's, half of Ali's, and 30% of Google and Baidu's. This does not include other side businesses. If Makino Technology chooses to list in Hong Kong instead of the US.

After this announcement was made, the headlines all over the world are about Makino Technology's IPO. Some of the headlines in the US are criticizing Makino Technology, and some are questioning why Makino Technology gave up on the US and chose to be listed in Hong Kong.

The American media with a little bit of integrity analyzed and reviewed the whole process of Makino Technology's plan to go public in the United States, and the final abandonment of the listing in the United States. In particular, they described in detail that the Wall Street tycoons were preparing to take advantage of Google's listing to promote a wave of Internet bubbles.

Those who criticize Makino Technology are the media controlled by Wall Street's bigwigs. But by criticizing Makino Technology at this time, they had exposed their motives. They had missed out on Makino Technology's IPO, and that's why they purposely criticize Makino Technology. This is a typical sour grapes mentality.

In addition, the Chinese media with a sense of justice had revealed the details, and Wall Street's reputation in the world was affected to varying degrees.