Chapter 832

Lin Ching-ah had been by Li Mu's side for a long time, and her style of doing things had also begun to move closer to Li Mu's.

It was too tiring to recruit and poach people one by one. If he was afraid that they would not be united, he would think of a way to tie their hearts together and give them fluctuating conditions. The more people he persuaded and roped in, the better everyone's salary would be. He would use money to help Wu Di and the others unite, and the whole team would advance and retreat together. This way, the chances of success would be much higher.

After Lin Ching-ah excused herself to go to the washroom, Wu Di and the others in the private room immediately started discussing.

Due to Lin Ching-ah's presence just now, everyone could only exchange flirtatious glances. It was inevitable that there was a lack of communication and understanding. Therefore, once she left, Wu Di took the lead and said, "Brothers, it seems that Makino Technology is going to go all out in online games!"

Wu Di's most trusted subordinate, Chen Wenfeng, the game architect of West Mountain Residence, said, "Boss, Makino Technology's salary is very high!

I'm tempted! "

"Who isn't tempted?

I'm tempted too! "

Another core employee said in a low voice, "Tell me, can we still ask for a higher salary from them?

It would be great if the basic salary could be doubled! "

Wu Di shook his head and said, "Big companies have a lot of choices. Our West Mountain Residence is not considered the top of the domestic game teams. We're lucky that Makino Technology could find us. If we still try to extort them at this time, then we'll really be asking for it."

As he said that, Wu Di reminded, "Everyone, don't forget the previous Tengxun QQ team. Li Mu first invited them to join Makino Technology. They insisted on joining Sina for a little more monthly salary, and in the end, they were disbanded.

In the end, fortunately, Makino Technology took them all in, but the salary was much lower than what Li Mu had negotiated for them. Don't you think it's not worth it? "

Chen Wenfeng nodded. "Boss is right. What we need to consider now is not whether to negotiate with Muye Technology again, but whether to accept their conditions. If we accept them, we have to act as soon as possible. Otherwise, we won't get another chance like this!"

The others also nodded in agreement. Makino Technology was indeed too powerful. In the domestic Internet companies, its voice was almost unrivaled. With such a huge gap in status, it was already a great thing to have a chance to get on board. If they were too greedy at this time, they might really lose everything.

At this time, Wu Di said, "How about this, the six of us will take a stand first. If we can reach a consensus, we will go back and communicate with the other colleagues."

After that, Wu Di raised his hand first. "I'd like to declare that I'm willing to join Makino Technology."

Chen Wenfeng raised his hand without hesitation. "Me too!"

Then, someone else expressed, "F * ck, I'm willing to take such a good opportunity!"

"Count me in!

I can sell my house in Zhuhai City and move to Yan Jing. Yan Jing has a much better future than Zhuhai City! "

"Me too!"

"All of you are here, how can I be left out!

No matter what others think, the six of us will advance and retreat together! "

Wu Di was in a good mood. He said excitedly, "In this case, let's tell Boss Lin later that the six of us are willing to join Makino Technology. Then, we will go back and ask four more brothers to join us. Ten people will be able to get a 70% increase. Most importantly, if we can join Makino Technology as a complete team, we can also play a role in Makino Technology!"

The others answered in unison, "Okay!

Let's do that! "

A few minutes later, Lin Qingya returned leisurely. As she entered the room and sat down, she asked, "I wonder what everyone's thoughts are?"

Wu Di said, "Boss Lin, we have decided to join Makino Technology."

Lin Ching-ah nodded slightly. Her expression was neither surprised nor happy. She asked again, "Then when can you start working?"

Wu Di hesitated for a while and said, "We can't be sure for now. There are certain restrictions in our contract. We have to apply for resignation one month in advance."

Lin Ching-ah asked him, "What if we break the contract?

How did we sign the contract? "

Wu Di frowned and said, "I really don't remember."

At this time, another employee said, "Boss, I remember it is written in the contract that if we violate the contract, the company has the right to ask us to compensate for the economic losses caused by resignation."

Lin Qingya smiled faintly and said, "It's like this. Right now, our demand for online gaming is rather urgent. Thirty days is too long, and the company will definitely not be able to wait that long. Therefore, I still hope that you guys can arrive at your posts as soon as possible."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah said with a domineering tone, "If Jinshan insists on pressuring you for thirty days, you can ignore it. Just force your resignation and come to work in Beijing as soon as possible. We, Makino Technology, have a legal team of ten people. It just so happens that we don't have much to do recently. If you really want to go to court, they will help you deal with it. If the court decides to compensate you, it's fine. We will bear the compensation!"

When Wu Di heard this, he was instantly relieved. He estimated the time and said, "Boss Lin, give us a week to deal with it. If we can't solve it in a week, we will come to Beijing directly!"

…

For Li Mu and Chen Wan, they had to say goodbye after a few days of entanglement.

It was already a luxury for Chen Wan to be able to take a break for a week. As Super Girl continued to advance, she would probably have to wait until the first season of Super Girl ended if she wanted to have such a break in the future.

At night, Li Mu personally sent her to the airport. He reluctantly watched her enter the security check before he left with a slightly disappointed feeling.

Li Mu was a man with a certain degree of male chauvinism. He never thought that he would become so dependent on a woman in his daily life until he and Chen Wan got together.

Chen Wan's feelings for him were like a hot spring in the winter. He just wanted to throw himself into her arms and be wrapped by her love and warmth. Her indescribable nature, her thoughtfulness, her willfulness, and all her strengths were deeply rooted in Li Mu's heart, leaving him with a lingering aftertaste.

Before they parted, Li Mu promised her that he would often visit her in Xiangdu. After the few days of entanglement and the sudden separation, Li Mu wanted to immediately buy a ticket to Xiangdu. However, his rationality told him that there were many things to do at the moment, and it was not the time to be romantic.

Thinking of this, Li Mu suddenly thought of Zhao Ziqiu. He was startled and let out a long sigh.

He had promised her that he would visit her in Hangzhou for so long, but the summer vacation was almost over, and he had yet to fulfill his promise. This was a little annoying.

Although he often talked to Zhao Ziqiu on the phone or sent messages, Zhao Ziqiu never mentioned that she wanted him to go to Hangzhou again. If Zhao Ziqiu didn't mention it, even Li Mu himself didn't remember.

It was not that he was heartless, but he was really busy during this time and didn't have any free time. In between, he went home to visit Su Yingxue, but that was because he had to go back to Haizhou's municipal government to talk about the safety of his parents, so he saw her on the way. The last time he went back to see Chen Wan was also on the way. This time, he accompanied Chen Wan in Yan Jing for a few days, but it was Chen Wan who took the initiative to come from Haizhou. If he really asked him to take a few days to visit her, Li Mu couldn't find the time at all.

Although he exonerated himself in his heart, Li Mu still felt very sorry. In his eyes, although he had feelings for Su Yingxue, Chen Wan, and Zhao Ziqiu, Zhao Ziqiu was actually the one who needed his care the most.

Since his rebirth, Li Mu no longer cared about how many women he had fallen in love with. In his current view, rebirth was originally an opportunity to subvert everything. He even wanted to conquer the sea of stars on the Internet, so why should he be afraid of the slightest thing when it came to love?

This was also what Li Mu felt the most ashamed about. For Zhao Ziqiu, a girl who had almost nothing in this world except for him, he really didn't care enough for her.

On the way back, the guilt in Li Mu's heart kept brewing in his heart. Suddenly, he had an impulse to buy a plane ticket to Hangzhou to see Zhao Ziqiu.

After making up his mind, Li Mu wanted to call his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, and ask her to help him and the three of them book a plane ticket to Hangzhou tomorrow. However, when he was about to dial, Kong Lingyu called.

Today, more than 20 talents in the gaming field were interviewed. Kong Lingyu called to give Li Mu a general report.

Kong Lingyu said, "Boss, today's interview was quite satisfactory. I think at least half of them can be hired. Xu Bo, the one you mentioned before, also came for an interview today."

Li Mu asked, "How did he perform?"

Kong Lingyu said, "To be honest, Boss, I really admire you. Just by looking at his resume and considering his motive, you were able to analyze this person's situation and basic abilities. It's really amazing …"

Li Mu said, "Stop flattering me. Just tell me about the interview."

Kong Lingyu said, "Although Xu Bo came from an unorthodox background, he really understands the gaming industry very well. He also has a very deep personal opinion. I asked him a few questions that you asked, and I feel that his answers are very good."

Li Mu asked, "How did you answer? Tell me about it."

Kong Lingyu quickly described the interview to Li Mu. When Li Mu heard Xu Bo's answers about the positioning of the new game, he was instantly delighted.

Xu Bo's awareness of taking advantage of the popularity of marketing and popular IP not only proved that he already had the framework of Fantasy Westward Journey, but more importantly, this person's thinking model was very advanced in the gaming industry. It was hard to say whether he would be overtaken in the future, but he was definitely one of the few people in the country who had the deepest understanding of online games. It was rare that this person had the ability to put his knowledge and understanding into practice and create a specific product. This was very valuable.

Li Mu asked him, "How was the interview?

Did you agree to join Makino Technology? "

"Of course."

Kong Lingyu said, "He came to join Makino Technology, so he naturally wouldn't reject our invitation. I followed your instructions and offered him the position of Game-Designer in our gaming department. He's a P6, and his annual salary is 100,000 yuan. In addition, according to our normal procedures, P6 employees who come to Beijing from other places can get 10,000 yuan as a settlement allowance."

Li Mu nodded. This was also the request he had set for Kong Lingyu. Since Xu Bo took the initiative to submit his resume to Makino Technology and came all the way here to attend the interview, it was enough to prove that this person was very eager to join Makino Technology. Xu Bo's work experience was insufficient, and his education background was also mediocre. Under such circumstances, one could imagine that his monthly salary at NetEase would not exceed 2,000 to 3,000 yuan.

Makino Technology's annual salary of 100,000 yuan seemed very high, but the main reason was not because of Li Mu's special treatment. It was because Makino Technology's salary standard was very high to begin with, and this was a big company's bonus. Moreover, the future salary of this position would basically be 80,000 to 150,000 yuan. In a high-profit industry, high salary was needed to attract first-class talents.

Li Mu asked him, "When can Xu Bo start?"

Kong Lingyu said, "He will return to Guangzhou tomorrow and resign on Monday. There are no restrictions on his labor contract, and he will be back on September 1st at the latest."

Li Mu immediately said, "Okay. Continue to follow up in case anything goes wrong."

"Okay."

As soon as Kong Lingyu hung up, before Li Mu had time to call Li Ziwei, Lin Ching-ah called again.

In fact, Lin Ching-ah had called Li Mu several times, but the line was busy. When she finally got through, as soon as Li Mu picked up, Lin Ching-ah said excitedly, "Li Zong, the 12 core team members of Jinxi Mountain Residence have all agreed to join Makino Technology!"

…