Chapter 1610

Charles hung up William's call and immediately began to contact the top ten universities in the United Kingdom.

As an old prince who had been active in the United Kingdom for many years, Charles had strong connections in the country. The heads of several top universities in the United Kingdom were friends with him.

Interestingly, the United Kingdom was an old imperialist country after all. Although the royal family no longer held political power, they still held the right of honor. For the elites of this country, the greatest honor was bestowed by the royal family. Therefore, they had a very close relationship with the royal family and respected the royal family a lot.

Charles communicated with them one by one. Every phrase was the same. He first greeted the other party and then asked if they were interested in cooperating with Makino Technology.

Under normal circumstances, when Charles talked about Makino Technology, the other party expressed strong interest. This was not only because they wanted to give Charles face, but also because Makino Technology was indeed too well-known in the world.

After confirming that the other party was interested, Charles would further elaborate on the specific details of the cooperation:

Makino Technology's request was that these colleges could provide a certain number of exchange student quotas to Hua Xia every year. These quotas must be as many as possible and cover as many disciplines as possible;

In return, Makino Technology would provide a certain number of direct employment positions for these schools. For example, if Li Mu gave Cambridge 20 direct employment positions every year, then they would definitely recruit 20 people from Cambridge every year.

The first person Charles contacted was the president of Cambridge University, Alec Broose.

Alec Broose was a very legendary figure. He was an Australian who studied electrical engineering at Cambridge and then joined IBM. After serving in IBM for nearly 20 years, he returned to Cambridge as IBM's chief scientist to set up a laboratory and became the president of Cambridge in 1996.

Alec Broose's career in social enterprises was almost entirely dedicated to IBM. IBM itself was a world-renowned provider of commercial computer hardware and solutions, so he was very familiar with the Internet and attached great importance to it.

However, the United Kingdom had not formed a strong Internet entrepreneurial atmosphere these days. Although there were a few old, high-paying technology companies in the United Kingdom, these companies generally focused on chip-based hardware and did not have much understanding of the product-oriented Internet industry.

Because of this, it led to an awkward situation: the United Kingdom had almost no real Internet companies to show off.

Alec Broeus was very anxious about the development of the Internet in the UK. He even felt that it was necessary for Cambridge to improve the strength and standards of the entire country in the Internet field. Therefore, he had been promoting the establishment of a "silicon swamp" park around Cambridge to attract multinational Internet companies, as well as local Internet companies.

However, although Alec Broas had the intention, he didn't have the ability to revitalize the entire market.

Not only was the British Internet industry not developing, but the Cambridge students did not seem to be very enthusiastic about the Internet. Their future employment plans were generally in Europe, and Europe itself was not a soil with Internet roots.

Almost half of the Cambridge students would choose to stay in Europe after graduation, a small number would choose to return to their motherland, and only a very small number would decide to go to North America. Due to Cambridge's consistent development, almost all the students who went to North America went to Wall Street, and very few people would choose to go to Silicon Valley.

The reason why they didn't choose Silicon Valley was not because they were not interested in Silicon Valley, but because they felt that it was much more difficult to enter Silicon Valley than Wall Street.

Although Cambridge, Oxford, and Imperial College of Technology were very arrogant, in this day and age, because they were in Europe and far away from the center of the Internet industry, there were very few opportunities for students from these universities to enter the core circle of the Internet, not to mention a top company like Makino Technology.

If Makino Technology did not directly hire them, it was likely that they would not hire anyone from Cambridge all year round.

The reason was not because Cambridge was bad, but because companies in Silicon Valley were more inclined to recruit local employees, as well as experienced and hard-working Hua Xia and Indian employees. For European university students who lived like princes, they were naturally somewhat repulsed.

What's more, even for American universities like Stanford and MIT, which were close to the Holy Land of the Internet, it was not so easy for their students to enter Makino Technology, let alone European students who were far away from the Internet battlefield.

For these British universities, they were also aware of the rapid development of the Internet industry, so they also hoped to find a good opportunity to break into the core layer of the Internet and break into Silicon Valley.

At this stage, Silicon Valley was far from being as international as it would be in a decade or so. Now, more than 70% of the people in Silicon Valley graduated from American universities, and most of the rest came from Hua Xia and India.

It was easy for students from European universities to enter Wall Street, but it was not so easy to enter Silicon Valley.

At this time, Europe was somewhat similar to Japan. They both had a strong economic foundation, a strong industrial and academic foundation, but they did not have a strong Internet foundation.

Japan did not grasp the Internet industry, and the same was true for Europe. In a decade or so, the top 20 Internet companies in the world would be divided by American companies and Hua Xia companies. Europe, Japan, and other countries would not have a chance.

The reason was that except for America and Hua Xia, no other country had created a real Internet industry atmosphere.

European institutions of higher learning had long been aware of these problems, and they were anxious about them.

For any world-famous university, the most important thing was not academic achievements and academic construction, but the graduates from all over the world and in various industries. Li Mu summed this up as academic colonization.

In Li Mu's eyes, academic colonization was a vertical penetration of civilization, and it was not uncommon in modern society.

If a few graduates from Tsinghua University entered Silicon Valley and got an influential position in an influential job, then there would be more and more Tsinghua University graduates in Silicon Valley, and it would eventually become a large-scale alumni association.

If students from Jiaotong University's Finance School could gain a foothold on Wall Street, then in the future, more graduates from Jiaotong University would also take root on Wall Street.

If this was already the case for a university, then the scale and significance of academic colonization would be greater and more far-reaching.

Academic colonization was like a migration of a race. As long as the pioneers could gain a foothold and achieve success, later generations would follow.

Universities in Europe, especially in the United Kingdom, all hoped to make achievements in the high-tech IT field. If their students were sent to Silicon Valley and the world's best Internet companies, it would become their dream. At this time, Li Mu gave them an excellent springboard, which was of great significance to these schools.

Therefore, these schools were very interested in the cooperation that Charles mentioned. A certain number of exchange student resources in exchange for an opportunity to go to Silicon Valley or to the world's number one Internet company for academic colonization. This deal was very cost-effective.

Alec Broeus was also very eager for such a cooperation. He hoped that Makino Technology could give these young people more opportunities to see the future, so that they could prepare for their future in advance. It would be even more perfect if a group of people could be directly sent to work at Makino Technology.

Therefore, Alec Broeus quickly agreed to Charles' request and was willing to take out more than 100 exchange students to make a mutually beneficial deal with Li Mu.

Charles quickly summarized the feedback of universities in the United Kingdom on Li Mu's cooperation plan.

Every one of the top ten universities in the United Kingdom was willing to establish a cooperation with Li Mu, and the number of exchange students they could provide ranged from more than 100 to dozens.

Among them, the most generous was the University of Cambridge, which gave 150 exchange students in one go, covering almost all majors in undergraduate and postgraduate schools.

…

When Li Mu arrived at Purple Cloud Villa, it was already past nine o 'clock in the evening.

Zhao Ziqiu was still playing with the dog in the yard. In one day, she had already established a good relationship with the corgi. The little guy had already regarded her as its owner and kept running around her.

Seeing Li Mu arrive, Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said to Li Mu, "Lucky is so cute and very smart. Do you want to play with him for a while?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Don't play Ky. Call him dog."

After saying that, he walked in front of the dog, squatted down, and patted his head. He said with a smile, "How is it, dog? Isn't it a little boring compared to your hometown?"

Although the villa in Purple Cloud Villa was considered a very high-end villa area, it was still a far cry from Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle.

The dog had not had much contact with Li Mu. After being touched twice, perhaps a little scared, he instinctively took two steps back and looked at him with his small eyes, his face full of wariness.

Li Mu smiled and said, "Look at your cowardly look. Do you think I can eat you?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head and said with a smile, "How can you get along with a dog like this? You'll scare him again."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's fine. I'm just teasing him first."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Be careful, he won't ignore you in the future."

Li Mu said, "It's fine. We'll get familiar with each other after living together for a few days."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "Have you raised a dog before?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "My family raised a Pekingese before. I don't know why, but Pekingese were very popular in those years. Every dog on the street was walking a Pekingese."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "How did you raise your Pekingese before?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I took it out for a walk once or twice a day, and then it basically ate whatever people ate. That's all."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Dog, this breed is very precious. You can't raise it like a Pekingese."

Li Mu smiled and said, "What's so precious about it?

Isn't it said that the Empress Dowager raised a Pekingese in the palace?

It should be much more precious than a Pekingese. "

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "You're always talking nonsense."