Chapter 764

As expected, Li Mu successfully occupied the headlines of all the media reports the next morning.

Apart from Li Mu, the most popular keyword in the media was "positive energy".

From CCTV, People's Daily and other authoritative media to provincial and municipal TV stations, newspapers and major websites, basically, Li Mu's deeds and his invention of "positive energy" were placed in the most important positions and sections.

Li Mu had become the core figure of today's domestic news. Basically, he had reached the point where he could be found in newspapers, on TV, and on websites. Li Mu's deeds had also spread to a large number of people who had not watched the interview last night.

In addition, even the highest-level internal reference document today was attached with a text version of Li Mu's interview. Several of Li Mu's personal views were highlighted, such as the need to accelerate the development of the Internet, accelerate the popularization of computers, the importance of the logistics industry to the development of e-commerce, and the appeal of young people to be full of "positive energy".

Li Mu did not know how his interview yesterday would affect the leaders. For himself, after breakfast, he had to rush to Makino Technology. There were too many things waiting for him to deal with.

At breakfast at home, Li Mu said to Papa Lee and Li Ma, "Mom, Dad, if you are not in a hurry, you can stay in Yan Jing for a few more days. I will ask Li Ziwei to accompany you around. After I finish my work, I will go back with you."

Papa Lee asked in surprise, "Are you going back, too?

You are now the most famous. It is not appropriate to go back at this time, is it?

If there is nothing else, don't go back. We will go back together. "

Li Mu said, "I want to go back to do some charity work and donate some money to the lonely elderly in Haizhou."

Li Ma nodded. "Donating money is a good thing, but do you have to go in person?"

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, but still told the truth. "I want to go back and find a chance to meet the leaders of the city. You have to do business in Haizhou, so you have to ask them for more help. It was easy before, but I am afraid that after today, I will cause you unnecessary trouble because of me."

Papa Lee said, "It's okay. You don't have to worry about us. Haizhou's public security is still very good."

Li Mu said, "I was not worried before, but I have to worry in the future."

Then, Li Mu said seriously in front of his parents, which was rare for him, "We must take precautions against this matter. There is no harm in being more prepared."

Seeing Li Mu's insistence, Papa Lee and Li Ma did not say anything more. Anyway, there was nothing urgent in Haizhou. Papa Lee and Li Ma had talked in private last night. It was really not appropriate to go back to Haizhou now. On a national scale, their son Li Mu was the focus, but if they went back to Haizhou, they would definitely become the focus. If they waited for a few days and the limelight to die down, they would definitely be much more relaxed.

When driving out, Li Mu's mobile phone was not turned on. He took out a spare mobile phone from the glove compartment of the car and called Lin Ching-ah after turning it on.

"Qingya, listen to me. First, arrange a management meeting. I will be at the company in half an hour. Second, on my behalf, contact the Haizhou municipal government and tell them that I want to donate some money to the lonely elderly in Haizhou. I will go back in a few days to do this in person, but be sure to remind them that they must not publicize it."

After hearing this, Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Okay, Li Zong, I will arrange these two things."

Li Mu did not say anything more. He hung up and concentrated on driving.

For the safety of his parents in Haizhou in the future, Li Mu must go back and meet the core leadership of the Haizhou municipal government.

Li Mu believed that with his current economic strength and social influence, the Haizhou municipal government would definitely treat him as a distinguished guest. As long as he asked them to take care of the safety of his parents, they would definitely help him unconditionally.

However, Li Mu did not want to be criticized. If it was spread out that he had just been reported by the media with a wave of positive energy, he would secretly ask the Haizhou municipal government to give special treatment to his parents. If it was used by people with ulterior motives, he would be in a passive position.

Instead of that, it was better to take out some money, meet the municipal government in the name of charity, and then make this request in an obscure way. In this way, who could say anything?

Before he arrived at Makino Technology, Li Mu's spare mobile phone rang. Li Mu glanced at the caller ID and found that it was Liu Shixiong, so he immediately answered the phone.

Liu Shixiong said on the phone, "Li Mu, the electronic market in the country is crazy today."

"What's going on?"

Brother Liu said, "Maybe it's because of your interview last night, this group of people who sell whole machines and hardware realized that you might cause a panic buying frenzy. This morning, retailers all over the country who buy whole machines and hardware opened their doors early in the morning. And from 8 o 'clock in the morning, the counters and stores all over the country were packed with customers. Several brand stores in Zhongguancun were out of stock within two hours of opening."

Li Mu said in surprise, "So popular?

Didn't I say that Makino Technology and Shenzhou will promote cheaper computers?

Are the consumers so impatient? "

"Yes."

Liu Shixiong said, "This group of consumers may have been too bewitched by you. They can't wait to buy a computer so that they or their children can be proficient in the Internet and become the next you. Therefore, they are not willing to wait at all. They are all paying on the spot."

Li Mu sighed and said, "It seems that there is really a market for computers and hardware. There will be a big wave of industry dividends. Is there any movement from Shenzhou?"

"I was just about to tell you about this."

Liu Shixiong said, "Wu Haijun called me early in the morning. Last night, all the distributors of Shenzhou's offline distribution channels looked for Shenzhou. They threatened that if Shenzhou cooperated with us and sold their computers at low prices, they would withdraw from the distribution channels. However, this morning, the distributors all requested to place more orders. It seems that the sales volume this morning was too high. Wu Haijun is also half happy and half worried. On one hand, he is determined to follow in our footsteps. On the other hand, he is afraid that the offline distributors will withdraw from the distribution channels on a large scale. He is not worried about the sales volume. The main thing is that he still needs to rely on the offline distributors to do the after-sales work. Moreover, Shenzhou has a certain amount of stocks now.

Li Mu asked him, "What do you think?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I just told him not to worry over the phone. Even if we start selling online, we will not ask Shenzhou to sell all their stocks online. The offline distributors will still have a certain amount of stock. It will affect their sales and profits, but it will not affect them too much. Also, I suggested that he take out some factory policies to subsidize the distributors. In the future, we need to find a balance between ourselves and Shenzhou and the offline distributors.

"Another problem is the production capacity of Shenzhou. The industry dividends are coming too fast. I have already asked him to build a new production line in the shortest time possible and increase the production capacity as soon as possible."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I will not worry about the specifics. Tell Wu Haijun that the industry dividends now are just the beginning. Don't panic because of some small profits. The real dividends are coming later. It is still early. Ask him to be proactive and prepare.

Wu Haijun is a smart man. When the time comes, he will definitely know what to do. "

"Alright."

Liu Shixiong paused for a while and then said, "One last thing. The leader's inspection has been decided. I received the notice ten minutes ago. This Wednesday morning, which is the day after tomorrow, the head of the Economic and Trade Commission will come to inspect our work. In the afternoon, we will have a closed-door discussion. The head's assistant wants us to think about which areas we need the government's support in. When the time comes, we can bring it up at the discussion. Don't forget, the crying baby gets the milk!"

“OK。”

Li Mu was delighted. He smiled and said, "I understand. Don't worry, I have a big appetite."

As he spoke, Li Mu reminded him, "At present, in addition to the procurement and land purchase links, don't rush into the logistics. The rest of the recruitment, team formation, and the establishment of business outlets in various places have to be done quickly. Cars and land are the most important things. I will cry and beg the government to give me some preferential policies. Not to mention other things, at least give a discount on the first stage of car purchase tax, or simply exempt it. In addition, the land, the warehouse bases in hub cities, key cities, and logistics distribution centers must be obtained first. There must also be a policy for this. Otherwise, we will have to deal with the local government alone!"

"Okay, I understand!"

…

Li Mu arrived at Makino Technology and parked his car in the underground parking lot of the office building as usual. As a result, before the car stopped, a large group of reporters, who had been lying in ambush for a long time, surrounded his car. One by one, they carried their cameras and couldn't wait to interview him. Through the thick bulletproof glass, Li Mu could hear the short female reporter on tiptoe shouting outside his car window, "Mr. Li Mu, we are reporters from the news program of Yanjing Satellite TV. We want to ask you …"

Before she finished speaking, a man behind her had put the microphone directly to the window and shouted, "Li Zong, Li Zong!

I am a reporter from Shanghai Satellite TV stationed in Yanjing. Do you have time to accept an interview? It will only take a few minutes of your time … "

Li Mu couldn't help but feel a headache. There were so many reporters downstairs at Makino Technology. It was estimated that there were many reporters at Taobao Network. It seemed that he had really become the common focus of society and the media.

Seeing so many reporters surrounding him, Li Mu was a little worried and didn't know what to do. After thinking about it, he simply called Lin Ching-ah and asked her to bring the building's property security to rescue him. Just as he was about to take out his mobile phone to make a call, he saw Wang Yuanlang and the other two in casual clothes had already broken in from the periphery. The three of them flexibly weaved through the crowd, using their arms as a shield. After a while, they actually came to the car door, and the three of them formed a vacuum where no reporters could reach.

Li Mu hurriedly pushed the door open and got out of the car. He said to Wang Yuanlang, "Take me upstairs, the faster the better."