Chapter 539

This time, Li Mu's appetite in the real estate field was very big. He wanted to take six pieces of land in one go, and every piece of land was along the subway. This was a very scary thing to say. If Li Mu was a little guilty, he would also worry that others would wonder why he had such an accurate prediction of the subway's direction. But if he thought about it objectively, the north-south direction of Line 10 was a gamble, and there were only two choices: buy big or buy small. If he was a real gambler, he would bet all his chips on one treasure, and that would be the future development of the East Third Ring Road.

This year, real estate was not particularly popular. There were many residential land near the Third Ring Road and within the Fourth Ring Road in Beijing. Other than after the subway line was settled, the land along the subway line had to be snatched. Other unowned land was not very difficult to get, and one only needed to pay. If the Fifth Ring Road was opened to traffic and the Olympics were held, the land within the Fourth Ring Road in Beijing would definitely be less, and any piece of land would be a king.

However, Li Mu's ultimate goal was to do commercial real estate, and he had little interest in residential real estate. This was because commercial real estate was the real healthy industry model, and residential real estate would enter a stage of abnormal development in the future. Speculation in real estate would greatly increase the cost of housing for the urban population, and it would become a big problem for the people's livelihood. At that time, if he still did residential real estate, his social reputation would definitely fall to the bottom. However, commercial real estate was different. Commercial real estate would develop into a city's landmark in the future. Not only would it not arouse the public's disgust, but it would also be welcomed and sought after by the public. In his previous life, Wanda Plaza dared to say that it was in the city center. This was absolute strength.

The reason why he wanted to start with residential real estate was that this was the inevitable stage of real estate development. He needed to cut in from residential real estate first, accumulate strength and capital, and when he grew to a certain level, it would be much easier to turn to commercial real estate. If he got these pieces of land, and the development of Line 10 would not deviate from his previous life, these six pieces of land would definitely make a lot of money, and Wanying Real Estate would become famous in Yan Jing. If he was lucky, he could make a lot of money next year, and he could start large-scale commercial real estate projects in 2004.

For Song Liang and Chen Ze, Li Mu's rash approach was basically not in line with the rules of real estate operation. Especially Song Liang, who had been in real estate projects for so many years, knew that the water in real estate was too deep. When a real estate developer first arrived in a new city, the first project he operated and the first property he opened were the most important. It determined how far he could go in the future in this city. To get six properties in a new city in one go was simply a weirdo in the real estate industry.

But weirdo was weirdo, the two of them had extraordinary trust in Li Mu, who was a layman in real estate. So when Li Mu said so, even if they couldn't figure it out, they didn't have any objections. As long as Li Mu made the decision, they would do as he said.

The three of them carefully sorted out the process, and Chen Ze said, "I will first contact the government with Brother Liang to see the price of these pieces of land and the potential competitors. Then everyone will prepare the funds this month, and get a piece of land at the end of the month or at the beginning of next month. I will try to get a loan from the bank within the month."

Li Mu nodded and said, "If we can solve the loan in July and get the remaining five pieces of land in August, we will basically be done. We can wait for the final plan for Line 10 to be released."

Song Liang asked Li Mu, "The five pieces of land in the second batch will wait until the plan for Line 10 is released?"

"Of course."

Li Mu said, "When the plan is released, we will take these five pieces of land to the bank for a loan. If we bet on it, the bank will know that we have these five pieces of land in our hands, and I am afraid they will come to us for cooperation."

Song Liang had no doubt about this. If there was a good piece of land in their hands, it was not the developer who begged the bank to borrow money, but the bank begged the developer to cooperate. For the bank, what they needed most was a high-quality project that was stable and profitable. At the moment, except for the central bank's money-printing department, no one in other industries really dared to say that it was stable and profitable. The proportion of real estate projects in prime locations in first-tier cities was very high. Except for individual large-scale commercial real estate that had a little risk, residential real estate was almost a project that was stable and profitable. Once there was such a project, the bank would not only rush to invest money in it, but also give as many favorable conditions as possible, including interest discounts and leverage enlargement.

Although Chen Ze hadn't had much contact with real estate, he still had some understanding of the industry. As far as the current situation was concerned, if Li Mu could really bet on these six pieces of land, then these six pieces of land would make a lot of money in his hands.

…

After determining the details of the implementation of the next step of real estate development, Zhao Ziqiu called Li Mu and said that she had caught a cold while blowing the fan in the dormitory. It was too uncomfortable, so she asked for sick leave.

On the phone, Li Mu could hear that her nasal voice was frighteningly nasal. He was very worried and asked her, "Have you taken medicine?

Do you want to go to the hospital? "

"There's no need to go to the hospital."

Zhao Ziqiu said with a very nasal voice, "I took some cold medicine and boiled some hot water. I have been drinking it."

Li Mu said, "Heat is the most painful, and taking medicine is too slow. Why don't you make a ginger cola to drink? It will make you sweat faster."

Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "What is ginger cola?"

Li Mu said, "It's made with cola and ginger. It's very useful for heat."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "It sounds disgusting, I don't want it …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "It sounds a little disgusting the first time, but it doesn't taste bad, and it's very effective. It's much more effective than taking medicine."

Zhao Ziqiu snorted and said, "Is it true? You only know how to lie."

Li Mu said, "Of course it's true. I usually treat my colds like this, and the effect is very good."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "But I can't do it now. The dormitory doesn't allow me to use high-power appliances. Besides, it's so late, and I don't know where to buy ginger."

Li Mu looked at the time. It was already past ten o 'clock in the evening. It was indeed a little late, so he said, "Why don't you hurry out of the dormitory before the dormitory closes? I'll drive to Beijing University to pick you up, and I'll cook for you at Yucheng Garden."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him excitedly, "Really?"

Li Mu grunted and said, "Why would I lie to you? I'm driving now. It'll take me at most 15 minutes to get there."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "Then I'll go back to the dormitory to pack up now."

Li Mu asked her, "Aren't you in the dormitory?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I'm calling you from the stairwell in the dormitory, stupid. It's not convenient to talk in the dormitory."

Li Mu suddenly realized and said hurriedly, "Then hurry up and pack up. I'll see you at the school gate."

Zhao Ziqiu happily agreed. Just as she was about to hang up, she suddenly said, "Oh yeah, why don't we go to the Yayun Village? I don't want to go to Yucheng Garden, it feels weird …"

Li Mu remembered that Zhao Ziqiu seemed to have said that if she went to Yucheng Garden to look for him, she would have some inexplicable psychological pressure, so Li Mu said, "Okay, then take the key with you."

Zhao Ziqiu was so excited that her body couldn't help but tremble. She said happily, "Then hurry up, I'll wait for you at the school gate."

As she spoke, Zhao Ziqiu's voice became softer and softer. Li Mu could hear the shyness in her voice over the phone.

Recalling the last time he exchanged his virginity with her in her villa in the Yayun Village, Li Mu's heart, which was as calm as an ancient well, suddenly rippled, and he involuntarily stepped on the accelerator a little deeper.

When he passed by the entrance of Yucheng Garden, Li Mu bought a big bottle of coke from the supermarket downstairs. Fortunately, there were still leftovers from today's dishes, so Li Mu bought two pieces of ginger. When he was paying, he saw Jissbon at the counter. He hesitated for a moment and thought that Zhao Ziqiu was sick, so he wanted to turn around and leave. However, he deceived himself and thought that if she had a bad cold, she might get better faster if she sweated a little more, so he held back and bought a box.

After paying, Li Mu stuffed Jissbon into his trouser pocket, threw the ginger and coke in the back seat of the car, and then quickly drove to Yanjing University.

The weather in June was already very hot, but Zhao Ziqiu still wore long sleeves and pants when she went out. Not only did she have a long-sleeved T-shirt, but she also wore a small jacket that could resist the wind.

When Li Mu was about to reach the entrance of Yanjing University, he saw Zhao Ziqiu, who was dressed differently. Zhao Ziqiu also recognized the front of Li Mu's G55, so she trotted all the way to the side of the road.

As soon as the car stopped by the side of the road, Zhao Ziqiu opened the door and got in. She looked at Li Mu with excitement and a little shyness and said, "How did you get here so fast? It's only been ten minutes."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There aren't many cars on the road, so I drove a little faster."

Zhao Ziqiu asked him, "It's so late. It's easy to buy coke, but where can I buy ginger?"

Li Mu pointed at the back seat and said, "I've already bought everything."

Zhao Ziqiu turned her head and looked. Sure enough, there was a big bottle of coke and two big pieces of ginger in the back seat.

Although Zhao Ziqiu didn't have any hope in the name of ginger coke, she still felt happy when she saw that Li Mu cared about her. For her, Li Mu's intention and actions were enough to make her drink a bowl of poison without even blinking.

As Li Mu drove away from Yanjing University, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but remind him, "Turn right at the intersection ahead."

Li Mu nodded and said casually, "I know the way."

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly thought of the day on Li Mu's birthday. She drove Li Mu there and everything that happened after that. Her face was slightly hot, but she didn't say anything. However, she began to look forward to tonight.