Chapter 1045

Although Harvard University was the university with the highest comprehensive strength in the United States and the world, it still couldn't escape the impact of the Top Campus Belle List and the million-dollar beauty.

80% of the female students in Harvard University had signed up for the American Campus Belle Ranking. The school had become extremely enthusiastic because of this competition. The girls on campus were in groups of three to five. It seemed that they had endless topics to talk about about this competition. They would scream excitedly at every turn, which made the whole campus a little nervous.

Most of the male students at Harvard were practicing "Paradise Town" hard. Some even practiced several accounts at the same time, in order to cast more votes for the girl they liked.

Even the president of Harvard lamented at the meeting that apart from exams and thesis defense, he had never seen such a high popularity rate at Harvard.

The impact of the entire competition on Harvard was far more than just mobilizing the enthusiasm of all the students. Even many professors were affected by this competition.

The computer science professor had been conducting an in-depth analysis of "YY" and "Paradise Town" in the past few days, so as to let the students understand the respective importance of technology and products, and to further clarify the core of the development of computers: all technology was actually to serve the product;

Harvard Business School had been conducting case analysis teaching on the successive major actions of Makino Technology in the United States these days, analyzing why Makino Technology could use only a "promised cost" of tens of millions of dollars to set off a publicity effect of more than 100 million dollars in American society. In the eyes of Harvard professors, Makino Technology was a typical representative of the new era of profiteers.

The so-called "promised cost" was actually the cost that did not need actual investment in the early stage. It was announced through promises, and the actual cost was actually negligible.

Although it did not cost much, the influence had been maximized in advance because of the promised cost of tens of millions of dollars. If Makino Technology opened the advertising bidding for the "Top Campus Belle List" at this time, according to the evaluation of senior professors, the potential advertising revenue of the entire "Top Campus Belle List" could easily reach more than 80 million dollars.

In other words, before Makino Technology had paid the "promised cost" of tens of millions of dollars, it was possible to get all the capital and 100% of the profit. Based on the 40 million cost of the entire event, Makino Technology had not even spent the 40 million, and it had gotten back 80 million with interest.

As a result, the words "Makino Technology" became popular on the entire Harvard campus, whether it was students or professors. The name "Li Mu" was also respected by the entire Harvard University.

Mark Zuckerberg took the initiative to find his dean and expressed his desire to invite Li Mu to give a speech at Harvard on behalf of the school.

When the dean of Mark Zuckerberg's department heard his request, his first reaction was: Is this guy's head fried from his worship of Li Mu?

You invited Li Mu to give a speech?

Why don't you invite President Bush?

Or invite Bill Gates or Buffett to give a speech?

In the eyes of the dean, it was more convenient to invite Bill Gates than Li Mu, because Bill Gates would go to the university to give a graduation speech every few years. If Harvard invited him, Bill Gates should also come. After all, he also spent a year at Harvard. However, Li Mu was actually extremely strange to the entire Harvard. No one had seen him, and no one could even get in touch with him directly. No one even knew if Li Mu, who came from Hua Xia, would come to Harvard.

So, the dean asked Mark Zuckerberg, "I'm very curious. How are you going to invite Li Mu?

Are you going to send him an email? "

Mark Zuckerberg lied, "One of my cousins works at Makino Technology. He can convey the invitation to Li Mu on behalf of me and the school."

"Really?" As soon as this came out, the dean's expression immediately changed.

"Of course!

And his position is not low. Recently, he often has meetings with Li Mu. "

Mark Zuckerberg's words were extraordinarily firm.

The dean thought that this child was talking nonsense, but when he heard this plausible story, he immediately believed it.

After all, Makino Technology had recruited a lot of employees in the United States, and they moved frequently. Mark Zuckerberg said that his cousin was in this company. It did not seem impossible.

The dean put away his previous contempt and asked him, "If you really invite Li Mu on behalf of the school, how sure are you that he will agree?"

Mark Zuckerberg pretended to think very seriously for a moment and said, "I think at least 70%!"

After that, Mark Zuckerberg said, "In fact, the school only needs to issue an invitation letter. It would be best if it succeeds, but if Li Mu really does not agree, the school will not lose anything."

When the dean heard this, he was immediately moved by Mark Zuckerberg. This was indeed a matter of no loss. It was not a bad idea to try. Moreover, Li Mu was now very famous and popular at Harvard University. If he could be invited, it would also be a good thing for Harvard students.

Thinking of this, the dean confirmed with Mark Zuckerberg again, "You said that you work at Makino Technology, and your position is high enough to talk directly to Li Mu, right?"

Although Mark Zuckerberg felt a little guilty, he nodded and said, "Yes!"

"Good!"

The dean nodded with satisfaction and said, "I will report the situation to the school leaders. I will inform you as soon as there is a result."

Mark Zuckerberg was excited, but he was also a little nervous. After speaking to the dean, he hurriedly said goodbye.

The dean immediately reported this matter to the school. A student had a channel to invite Li Mu to give a speech. This was a very good thing for the school. In a school like Harvard, which focused on cultivating high-end talents, the school leaders very much hoped that some successful high-end talents could come to Harvard to give speeches. This would not only enhance the enthusiasm of students, but also give them encouragement and support. At the same time, it would also enhance the influence of the school. Why not?

Mark Zuckerberg returned to the dormitory with a nervous heart. It did not take long for him to receive a call from the dean. On the phone, the dean's tone was particularly intimate. He said to him, "Mark, the school has approved it. You can come to me now to get the invitation."

"Great!" Mark Zuckerberg said excitedly, "I will go get it now and fax it to my cousin!"

…

The administrator of the Silicon Valley Branch of Makino Technology suddenly received a fax from Harvard University. After reading the fax carefully, the content inside surprised her.

In general, this was an official invitation from Harvard University to invite Li Mu to give a personal speech at Harvard University, but this invitation was a little strange. The invitation was indeed issued by Harvard, which was absolutely correct. However, the content was that Harvard University entrusted Mr. Mark Zuckerberg to invite Li Mu to go to Harvard University to give a personal speech. This was a little strange. Who was Mark Zuckerberg?

The administrator couldn't understand this strange invitation, but Harvard University didn't think there was anything wrong with this invitation, because Li Mu was completely out of Harvard's reach. It happened that a student's cousin worked at Makino Technology, so it was natural to take advantage of this relationship.

And in Harvard's assumption, this invitation must be handed to Li Mu through Mark Zuckerberg's cousin, so he would naturally explain this special invitation.

However, Harvard did not expect that Mark Zuckerberg actually set a trap for them.

After the administrator saw this strange invitation, she immediately found Lin Ching-ah and showed her the fax of the invitation. Lin Ching-ah was a little confused, but since it was an invitation from Harvard University, it was still quite important, so she immediately took the fax of the invitation to Li Mu's office.

At this time, Li Mu was meeting an "old friend" in the office, one of the founders of PayPal, Elon Musk. Since Li Mu came to the United States, Elon Musk had been thinking about coming to visit him. He didn't have an appointment with Lin Ching-ah, so he came by himself in a hurry.

In Li Mu's eyes, Elon Musk's greatest value at the moment was to stay in PayPal. Therefore, Li Mu was a little less enthusiastic about him, which made Elon Musk feel hurt. He felt that this 20-year-old Hua Xia was developing too fast, and he seemed to look down on him. The gap between the two was getting bigger and bigger. Meeting again in the United States was no longer the same feeling as when they first met in Hua Xia's office.

Li Mu did not expect Elon Musk to have such a fragile heart. This time, when he came to visit, Li Mu saw that he was not confident in front of him, so he quickly put down his work and chatted with him like an old friend for half an hour.

In the eyes of Li Mu, Elon Musk's core value was still a few years later, but he should also maintain a little bit of a relationship, so that in the future, when Elon Musk had other entrepreneurial ideas, he might take the initiative to ask him to invest. What if one day he impulsively asked him to invest in Tesla?

The two were chatting enthusiastically when Lin Ching-ah knocked on the door and came in. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Harvard University sent a fax inviting you to give a speech at Harvard."

Li Mu frowned, "Harvard?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "That's right, it's Harvard."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Help me reply to them and say thank you for their invitation. I personally have a lot of respect for Harvard, a world-class university with a long history, and I'm very happy to share my life experiences with my peers at Harvard. However, I've been really busy recently, so I hope that the next time I come to the United States, I'll have this opportunity again."

Lin Ching-ah asked with some regret, "Li Zong, you're rejecting them just like that?"

Li Mu also said helplessly, "Cambridge is too far, it's thousands of kilometers away. I don't have the mood to go there."

Lin Ching-ah sighed and said, "That's true, Massachusetts is really too far. It's a one-way flight, six to seven hours."

As she said that, Lin Ching-ah said, "Then I'll politely decline as you said."

Li Mu nodded, "Politely decline."

Lin Ching-ah looked at the fax in her hand and said casually, "This invitation is quite strange. It probably says that Harvard University asked a person named Mark Elliot-Zuckerberg to invite you to give a speech there. I don't know what this Mark Elliot-Zuckerberg does."