Chapter 740

Whether it was the internet industry or other industries, anyone who knew Li Mu knew that the internet industry was Li Mu's main job. Everything else was just Li Mu's playthings and experiments. For example, real estate. Although Li Mu had been leading the real estate industry these few days and occupied almost all the topics of discussion, it could be seen from Li Mu's share of Wanying Group that Li Mu's real focus wasn't on this.

After his wife's reminder, Zhao Xianliang was also very clear that whether Li Mu earned a few billion or a few billion from Jun Cheng Real Estate today, Jun Cheng Real Estate could only be considered a rather fruitful victory. On the other hand, Taobao's brand day was the key battle that Li Mu was brewing. After this battle, Li Mu would make a name for himself in the domestic and even international internet industry.

Zhao Xianliang started to guess how big of a miracle Li Mu's Taobao could create today. Could he sell a few billion or even two billion in a day?

If that was really the case, this kid was really going to become a god, right?

Zhao Ziqiu was confused. She didn't know much about what Li Mu was doing. She only knew that Li Mu was starting his own business and was making a lot of money. However, as for what exactly he was doing, Zhao Ziqiu didn't know. Seeing that her parents seemed to be engrossed in their conversation, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask, "Dad, Mom, can you not be so vague? I don't even understand what you're talking about."

Xie Yun smiled and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Li Mu is your boyfriend. Don't you know what he's doing normally and don't ask about it?

That won't do. You have to keep a close eye on a boy like him. Otherwise, I'm afraid that girls will take advantage of it soon. "

Zhao Ziqiu suddenly felt a little guilty. Her parents had always thought that she and Li Mu were boyfriend and girlfriend, but they didn't know that Li Mu had a girlfriend all along. In other words, she was the third party who took the initiative to step in, and the one who couldn't see the light of day. Was she taking advantage of it?

"I'm taking the opportunity that Li Mu and Su Yingxue haven't broken through the last layer of their relationship and when he still has a good impression of me. If my parents know this, they will be very disappointed with me, won't they?

Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu was in a daze, Xie Yun couldn't help but ask, "Why aren't you talking?"

Zhao Ziqiu forced a smile and replied, "No, I just miss him …"

Hearing this, Zhao Xianliang was embarrassed and didn't know what to do. However, Xie Yun smiled lightly and said, "If you miss him, call him and invite him to Hangzhou as a guest. He is now in Shanghai, which is very close to Hangzhou."

Zhao Ziqiu pursed her lips and thought for a while. She said, "That's not good. He must be going to Shanghai for business. Maybe he will go back tomorrow."

Zhao Xianliang cleared his throat and said seriously, "Yes, after the Brand Day, Taobao will definitely become the focus of the whole society. Li Mu will also be very busy."

After a slight pause, Zhao Xianliang said again, "It's different from real estate. No matter how big the Jun Cheng Real Estate is, it's just three buildings in the new area of Shanghai. Taobao is a macro platform that can connect goods, businesses, and consumers all over the country. The former is only about profits, while the latter may affect the development of the national retail industry. They can't be mentioned in the same breath."

Zhao Ziqiu understood this time. She was stunned and blurted out, "Dad, do you mean that the Taobao website was created by Li Mu?"

…

Two things happened on the same day, which made Li Mu a super hot topic in the whole financial circle of Hua Xia.

The Hand of God that saved the Jun Cheng Real Estate was only one of them. The Taobao website that sold more than 2 billion yuan in one day was the second.

Either of these two things could cause a sensation in the whole financial circle. However, both of them were related to Li Mu, and they happened on the same day.

As of 12 o 'clock that night, the Taobao website's turnover on the brand day had reached an astonishing 2.683 billion yuan.

Whether it was people in the industry or people outside the industry, when faced with this data, there was only one thought in their mind: A website that sold 2.7 billion yuan worth of products in one day, was this something a human could do?

What was this equivalent to putting tens of millions of people into a shopping mall and asking each of them to buy more than 200 yuan worth of products? Who could do it?

No one could do it!

But Taobao did it!

It was simply a groundbreaking event in the retail industry of Hua Xia.

Not long after 12 o 'clock, Taobao website released a set of data to the public, completely subverting the views of people in the manufacturing and retail industries.

Within 24 hours, the turnover was 2.683 billion yuan!

A total of 14 million orders were generated!

A total of 17 million products were sold!

A large shopping mall's annual sales might not reach this figure, but a virtual website achieved it in one day!

Every piece of data released by Taobao website deeply shocked the relevant people, and at the same time, inspired every physical manufacturing company!

All the companies that participated in the brand day promotion, such as Zinda, TCL, ZTE, and Shenzhou Computer, received an unimaginable satisfaction today. As for those companies that had previously rejected Taobao because of their arrogance, they all regretted it. Almost overnight, the business partners of these companies were all fired or transferred, and the first task of the new person in charge was to establish a partnership with Taobao website as soon as possible.

At the same time, the detailed data of Taobao Brand Day showed its super strength in the retail industry, and it also made all the companies involved in physical product manufacturing excited.

For these manufacturers, there was nothing more exciting than discovering a new sales channel, so these companies almost all held emergency meetings overnight. Moreover, in their own emergency meetings, they would no longer discuss whether or not to cooperate with Taobao, because the answer was very clear: they must establish a partnership with Taobao website as soon as possible. What really made them discuss overnight was: once they were connected to Taobao, how to strengthen their cooperation with Taobao, how to improve their own company's sales and influence in Taobao website.

However, in the eyes of Li Mu, the data itself did not interest him. What he was interested in was the platform and user characteristics behind the data, because Li Mu knew that real data would never lie.

In the wee hours of the morning, Li Mu sat alone in the room of the high-class clubhouse, watching the computer, and began to use Excel to analyze the data of Taobao Summer Brand Day.

First:

In one day, more than 8 million accounts bought goods on Taobao, and a total of 14 million orders were placed. The total number of goods sold was 17 million, including 2 million Mango-MEs, which were sold out in less than three hours.

Although each account placed an average of 1.75 orders, most of the users who placed multiple orders had different recipients.

This data meant that a large number of consumers placed orders through other users' accounts. These people may be too lazy to place orders themselves, or they may not have a computer, or it is inconvenient, or they may not have a Taobao or Alipay account. Based on this data, one conclusion can be drawn: Taobao and Alipay need to continue to popularize and lower the threshold, so that more potential users with the intention of online shopping can be converted into direct users.

Second:

17 million goods created a total sales of 2.683 billion yuan, and the average price of a single item reached an astonishing level. 2.683 billion yuan of total sales corresponded to 14 million orders, and the average price of a single item reached a higher price of 157.80 on the platform, and the average price of a single item reached 191.6. Based on the consumption level of 2002, this data seemed very obvious, but Li Mu knew that a high price of a single item was a good thing, but a high average price of a single item and an average price of a single item were not a good thing. It meant that there was a big problem with the product structure of the platform, or it meant that there was a big problem with the purchasing habits of the users.

The average price of a single item sold was as high as 157.80, which meant that most people bought these high-priced goods, and most of these goods were relatively expensive electronics and home appliances. On the contrary, the daily necessities on the platform, which were relatively cheap, were not bought. This proved that the current online shopping habits of Taobao users were not really close to life. Taobao still needed to invest more energy on how to make online shopping closer to life.

Third:

In addition to the high average price of a single item, out of 14 million orders, only 17 million goods were sold. This data meant that the average number of goods in each order was only 1.21.

This number was a little low in Li Mu's opinion, because it reflected the consumption habits of online shopping users, which was to focus on rational and precise shopping.

Most of the users only bought one item, which proved that they were still very rational in their online shopping. They only chose the items they needed the most, and only bought the right ones. They did not buy too much, and they did not buy indiscriminately. They did not go shopping with the purpose of buying one item only to return home with a lot of items.

"Low average price of a single item" and "high average price of a single item" corresponded, which meant that the consumption potential of online shopping users had to be further explored. In the future, Taobao would have to promote more types of goods to them, and find ways to bring more turnover. At the same time, it would also have to find ways to improve the user experience of the website, so that users could browse more pages, and the more they browsed, the more they would buy.

If this could be done well, then the same 14 million orders, if the average number of goods per item could reach three, the total number of goods sold could reach 42 million. This coefficient change would greatly promote the entire website, so this was also the most important thing to do in the next step.

In Li Mu's opinion, it was not a skill to make users buy mobile phones and computers online. Because of the "branded flagship store", "Alipay guarantee", and "price advantage", these three tools, even if the price of electronic products was very high, users would still be willing to pay. But how many times a user would buy such goods per year?

Probably only one hand would be enough.

For Li Mu, the most important thing now was to increase the frequency of online shopping, expand the range of goods they bought, and deepen their online shopping habits.

In other words, in addition to letting users buy mobile phones, computers, and MP3 players online, he had to let users solve all kinds of daily shopping needs online. For example, buying clothes, shoes, and hats online, buying daily necessities online, and even toilet paper for wiping one's butt could be bought online, then such users would really become deep online shoppers.

In his previous life, the reason why Taobao could be successful was that within a few years, not only did it greatly enrich the variety of goods on Taobao, but it also cultivated a large number of deep online shoppers with this rich inventory of goods.

Now that he thought about it, why did the "Almighty Taobao" and "Mafia" jokes become so popular on the internet?

Wasn't it because Taobao had done a very solid job in these areas?