Chapter 566

Xu Jianjun's words made Li Mu's heart skip a beat unconsciously.

Someone is investigating me?

This was indeed not good news for Li Mu. It was not that he was worried about being exposed, but the fact that someone was investigating him. Xu Jianjun was a private detective, so the information he could get should be from the private detective circle. There was an 80% chance that other private detectives were investigating him. Generally speaking, if a private detective was hired to investigate a person, the motive of the mastermind behind the scenes would definitely not be out of goodwill.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Xu Jianjun, "Boss Xu, what do you mean by investigating me?

In what way? "

Xu Jianjun said, "In all aspects. The other party has already gotten all the business registration information related to you today. Right now, they must already know the situation of all your businesses."

Li Mu became vigilant and asked, "Do you know who is investigating me?"

Xu Jianjun said, "I know that it's someone in the same industry who is investigating me, but I don't know who is the mastermind."

Li Mu asked again, "Is there a way to trace it?"

Xu Jianjun said, "Li Zong, there is no taboo in our industry. The only taboo is probably someone in the same industry. To be honest, it's already a bit against my professional ethics to call you. If this gets out, it will be difficult for me to stay in this circle in the future. If I still investigate someone in the same industry, I'm afraid that everyone in the circle will shout at me in the future. If you want to investigate this matter, you can find other private detectives. Just don't sell me out."

Hearing that Xu Jianjun did not seem to be joking, Li Mu said, "Okay, I know what to do. Thank you, Old Xu. Let's have a meal together when you're free."

Xu Jianjun smiled and said, "Okay, call me if you need anything."

To Xu Jianjun, he did not lack a client like Li Mu. In fact, when he first accepted Li Mu's order, it was also because of Hui Ka Ming. However, after working with Li Mu, he had a good impression of Li Mu. It was not only because he was straightforward with his money, but more importantly, he was the smartest client he had ever met. Back then, he had set up a series of traps for Zhan Yun, his wife Zhang Juan, and his mistress Ma Weiwei. He had never thought that psychological tactics could be used like what Li Mu did. Therefore, after that cooperation, Xu Jianjun had always wanted to have more contact with Li Mu. However, Li Mu had never looked for him, and under normal circumstances, he could not take the initiative to contact his clients. Coincidentally, this time, Xu Jianjun had learned some information about him, and it could be considered as an opportunity to reestablish contact with him.

Li Mu began to be suspicious. He didn't know who was secretly investigating his past. In fact, all his information was very easy to find. If he knew a policeman a little, he could find out the household registration information of his family. If he knew a staff of the industrial and commercial department a little, he could find out all the enterprises he was involved in and the shares in each enterprise. If he tried a little harder, he might find out that he was actually the famous Mu on the Internet. If he tried a little harder, he could not only find out that he and Su Yingxue were in a relationship, but also find out that he and Zhao Ziqiu were secretly lovers.

Li Mu was not worried about his information being leaked. He was worried about the other party's motive. He was afraid that the other party was going to hurt him or the people around him.

Thinking about it, Feng Yu had offended many people since his rebirth. Now, he had offended Sina, and Sina's share prices had plunged. Many people will hate him.

Su Yingxue came back from the bathroom and saw Li Mu's worried face. She couldn't help but ask, "What happened?"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. "Nothing. A senior who graduated from the National People's Congress wants to have dinner with me."

Su Yingxue asked. "Is it that Liu Shixiong?

What's his name again? "

"Liu Xiaodong." Li Mu asked. "You know him?"

Su Yingxue nodded. "I have heard of him. He had been supporting the school since he graduated. That's why he is quite famous in the school. He had started his own business some time ago and started Taobao. It is quite famous now, and many people in the school are talking about it."

Li Mu asked curiously. "You also know about Taobao?"

Su Yingxue laughed. "Why can't I know about it?

Some time ago, I wanted to snatch Mango-ME from Taobao, but I failed. It disappeared in the blink of an eye. "

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu. "Oh, I saw Taobao is also using Alipay. Are you working with Liu Shixiong?"

Li Mu nodded. "We are working together."

Su Yingxue laughed. "Taobao is so popular now. If you let them use Alipay, according to your percentage, I'm afraid you will soon become a big tycoon."

Li Mu had confessed to Su Yingxue's aunt and uncle last time that a small part of the source of funds came from the commission he received when Alipay was opened to third parties as payment channels. That was why Su Yingxue had a preconceived understanding. Unexpectedly, Li Mu said to her, "This time, the cooperation with Liu Shixiong is not just to provide payment channels. The two of us will jointly invest and hold shares."

Su Yingxue looked surprised. "You and Liu Shixiong are working together on Taobao?"

Li Mu said frankly, "Yes, we are partners."

Su Yingxue looked at Li Mu in astonishment. She had never expected that he was a partner of Taobao. Although Taobao had just been launched, it had become popular because of Mango-ME. Its influence was extraordinary now.

Although she was surprised, Su Yingxue was also very clear in her heart that Li Mu could not be looked at as an ordinary person. Compared with so many things he had done, it was not a big deal that he was a part of Taobao.

On the surface, she looked at Li Mu calmly, but Su Yingxue's heart had already been echoed by wind, rain, thunder, and lightning. She thought about her boyfriend carefully. He was handsome, had a good figure, was charming, and had achieved a career at a young age. His ability to make money was also frighteningly strong. She could not find any shortcomings. But because of this, she always felt a little insecure in her heart. She always worried that Li Mu would gradually drift away from her. In fact, they were not as close as they were when they first got together, and they even had fewer opportunities to see each other.

Every time this happened, Su Yingxue would have a moment of uncertainty in her heart. But when she thought of the song "Rice Shop" that Li Mu wrote for her, her heart would be full of longing for their relationship again. It was just that she was not sure how much Li Mu still felt for her when he was busy with so many things. He just said that he wrote two more songs and wanted to sing them for her first. This might be a good opportunity to test their current relationship.

Thinking of this, Su Yingxue put down her chopsticks, looked at Li Mu and said softly, "I'm full."

Li Mu was also almost finished, so he replied, "I'm full too."

Su Yingxue said, "Drive me to Yucheng Garden. I want you to sing for me."

"Okay, let's go."

…

In the lakeside villa in Hangzhou.

The lakeside villa on the other side of West Lake could be said to be the best villa area in Hangzhou. The villas here not only had a unique geographical location, but also were next to West Lake. There were only a dozen villas planned, which were very rare. After Boss Ma became famous, he once spent a lot of money to buy one for himself here. But now, Boss Ma was still far away from this villa area.

In one of the villas, Xie Yun, who had just returned from Yan Jing, had just cooked a pot of lily lotus seed soup. She scooped a bowl and sent it to her husband who was in the study.

At this moment, Zhao Xianliang was still extremely anxious about his daughter's matter. Since he returned to Hangzhou City first until now, he had been thinking about what happened to his daughter almost all the time, and the knot in his heart hadn't gotten better until now.

Xie Yun accompanied Zhao Ziqiu in Yan Jing for a few days and secretly bought a house near the National People's Congress for her. After returning, she focused on her husband. She did not expect that her husband, who was usually quite open-minded, could not get over this hurdle after staying at home for so many days. As soon as she came back, she heard him sighing and complaining about his daughter and Li Mu. According to him, he had not slept well these days. His liver was so hot that his throat was swollen and sore, and his mouth and tongue were full of sores. He was suffering both mentally and physically.

Xie Yun was distressed and helpless, so as soon as she came back, she tried every means to enlighten him and try to serve him well.

Holding a bowl of lily lotus seed soup, Xie Yun stopped at the door of the study and asked tentatively, "Xianliang, can I come in?"

Zhao Xianliang said in a slightly hoarse voice, "Come in."

Xie Yun pushed the door and went in. She found that Zhao Xianliang was sitting in front of the tea in the corner of the study, holding a large cup of chrysanthemum tea in a daze.

Xie Yun said, "Her father, I thought you were reading. Why are you here in a daze?"

Zhao Xianliang sighed and said in a low voice, "Her father feels bitter in his heart!

I feel like I have suffered a loss for my daughter! "

Xie Yun suddenly felt a headache. "Zhao Xianliang, it's about time. How many days has it been? You haven't gotten over it yet?"

"Get over it?"

Zhao Xianliang put down the teacup and said seriously, "I'm telling you, I won't get over it for the rest of my life."

"Why?" Xie Yun frowned. It was the first time in her life that she had heard such serious words from her husband.

However, Zhao Xianliang said, "Think about it. I only have one daughter, Ziqiu. In the future, everything I have will belong to her. I must work hard to give her the best so that she won't be looked down upon by anyone. Originally, this was my biggest motivation after I turned 30, but when I thought that these efforts might go to Li Mu in the future, I felt bad and even slacked off a lot. Tell me, if Ziqiu is determined to be with him, why would I still work so hard to run this business?

I think we should just retire early and travel around the world. "

Xie Yun said helplessly, "You are usually so mature and steady when thinking about problems. Why are you so muddle-headed when it comes to this kind of thing?

No matter who your daughter marries in the future, it's always good to prepare more dowry for her. If she finds a capable man, then we can give her a generous dowry. At least, it can ensure that your daughter won't be looked down upon. If she finds a useless man, then a generous dowry can also ensure that your daughter won't be wronged. Don't you understand this? "

Zhao Xianliang said stubbornly, "I understand. I dare not say anything else now, but it's definitely not a problem to let Ziqiu live a comfortable life for the rest of her life. But I just think that when I think that she may spend the rest of her life with Li Mu in the future, I feel a little sad in my heart."

As he said this, Zhao Xianliang suddenly asked her, "By the way!

Do you think Li Mu got close to our daughter because of our family's money? "

"What are you thinking?"

Xie Yun frowned slightly and said, "I know you love your daughter, but don't think that others are so bad just because you love your daughter. Ziqiu is very low-key at school. Li Mu doesn't know the situation of our family at all."

"He doesn't know?" Zhao Xianliang's face was full of disdain. "How can he not know?

Hasn't he been to our villa? "

Xie Yun said, "He has, but Ziqiu told me that when Li Mu went to our villa for the first time, she took the initiative to trick Li Mu to go there."

Zhao Xianliang's eyeballs almost fell to the ground. "What did you say?

Our daughter took the initiative to trick him? "

"Yes," Xie Yun sighed. "It was our daughter who took the initiative. Li Mu didn't know anything at all."

During these days in Yanjing, Xie Yun and Zhao Ziqiu had a few heart-to-heart talks. Zhao Ziqiu told her the whole process from how she knew Li Mu to how she fell in love with Li Mu. She also told her how she pursued Li Mu, how she used her little tricks to trick him to come home on his birthday, and how she gave herself to Li Mu as a birthday gift. Among them, Zhao Ziqiu did not tamper with the other things except for Su Yingxue's matter. She told her almost everything.

When Zhao Xianliang heard this, he felt even more upset for some reason.

Xie Yun understood Zhao Ziqiu's feelings very well. Zhao Ziqiu was already an adult. At this special stage, the chances of her falling in love with such a special boy were too high. She knew her daughter the best. She was the kind of person who didn't do anything, but once she did, she wouldn't be afraid of anything. It wasn't impossible for her to take the initiative to chase a boy.

Zhao Xianliang let out a long sigh and asked Xie Yun, "How far do you think they can go like this?"

Xie Yun shrugged. "How would I know?

Love is a matter between two people. I don't know Li Mu, so I can't say. But I know Ziqiu. As long as Li Mu doesn't change, she will definitely go all the way. "

When Zhao Xianliang heard this, he said angrily, "This is called going all the way to the dark!"

Xie Yun shrugged again. "It doesn't matter if she goes all the way to the dark. As long as she likes him, I have no objection."

Zhao Xianliang's anger just now suddenly turned into deep helplessness. He said, "When Ziqiu graduates, if she is still with Li Mu, then I will retire."

Xie Yun nodded. "It's up to you. But don't think about those useless things now. Come on, put down your chrysanthemum tea and drink the soup."

Zhao Xianliang no longer insisted. He picked up the bowl of soup and drank it spoonful by spoonful. Xie Yun watched from the side, feeling funny and helpless.

At this moment, the fax machine next to the opposite desk rang. Xie Yun asked him, "Why is there a fax at home so late?"

Zhao Xianliang said casually, "Go and have a look."

Xie Yun nodded and walked to the fax machine. She took a few pieces of A4 paper that had been printed out and held them in her hand. When she looked at them, she was shocked and stunned for a long time.

After finishing the porridge, Zhao Xianliang saw that Xie Yun was still standing in front of the fax machine. He couldn't help asking her, "Which side did it come from?"

Xie Yun came to her senses and put away the extreme shock in her heart. She took all the papers and walked to Zhao Xianliang. She threw all the documents in front of him and said playfully, "According to what you just said, I don't think you can retire until you are 80 years old!"