Chapter 1778

Zheng Chao understood one thing.

It was not afraid of amateurs, but it was afraid of amateurs pretending to be experts.

If they could directly insert the lithium batteries into the scooters, they would be able to replace the lead-acid batteries. Then why would they need his advice?

The scooter manufacturers had already started.

In his opinion, Lu Yunhao was a typical amateur giving orders to experts. It was inevitable that he would be a laughing stock.

For example, experts would know that building the Three Gorges Dam was a huge project. Other than Hua Xia, no other country could build a water conservancy project of this scale.

In the eyes of people like Lu Yunhao, he would probably say in disdain, "Isn't it just building a dam?

What's so difficult about it?

It doesn't matter if it's a meter-long dam or a thousand-meter-long dam or a 3,335-meter-long dam. From a technical point of view, it's nothing more than blocking both ends and pouring cement. Isn't that enough? "

How could one reason with someone like this?

But Zheng Chao had no choice. Lu Yunhao was his boss.

Also, he could not resist the temptation of double pay and came all the way from Beijing to join him. There was no turning back now.

Therefore, he could only patiently say, "CEO Lu, I roughly understand. Lithium batteries are not ordinary batteries. Its biggest problem is that it is not stable enough. If there is only one battery, it can be stuffed into a flashlight, and it will be safer. However, if there are too many batteries, the voltage will be high, and the current will be high. During the charging and discharging process, it will easily burn, explode, or even cause a fire."

"It's that ridiculous?" Lu Yunhao was in disbelief.

Zheng Chao explained, "Lithium batteries are not very safe. If you use a sharp object to pierce the battery, it will quickly catch fire or even explode."

Lu Yunhao asked again, "Then how did Li Mu do it?"

Zheng Chao said, "Li Mu has the core technology. He has a way to safely string dozens or even hundreds of lithium batteries together and make them work stably. It will not overheat, overcharge, spontaneously ignite, or explode. This is also the biggest technical hurdle for domestic electric scooter manufacturers to imitate. Because domestic electric scooter manufacturers have not studied this, everything has to start from scratch. They don't even know how he did it!"

Lu Yunhao thought that this thing was just making a big battery box.

Just like how a mini 4WD car can run after putting two AA batteries in it. Scooters can just make a bigger battery box and put more batteries in it.

Only now did he roughly understand that there were actually so many Daos involved.

Zheng Chao continued, "Now, several manufacturers are trial-producing lithium battery packs. Their capacity is less than half of Li Mu's battery pack, but there are all kinds of problems. The most serious one is that a bulge directly exploded on the testing machine, which almost caused a fire. In addition, overheating, spontaneous combustion, and not being able to charge the battery are all common. So far, we haven't even made a lithium battery pack that can travel 100 kilometers stably."

Lu Yunhao went silent for a moment and said, "Then let's get the lead-acid batteries first. At most, we'll invest more to support the battery replacement. We'll wait for the electric scooter manufacturers to develop lithium batteries before we switch."

Zheng Chao said, "As far as I know, scooter manufacturers have basically given up on research and development."

"Why?" Lu Yunhao frowned and said, "These guys are too useless.

They are giving up after one or two failures?

Don't they know that failure is the mother of success?

When I wrote a recommendation letter to the boss of Southern English University, I had to write several times before I succeeded. They are developing a lousy battery, and they don't even have the patience? "

"Nope."

Zheng Chao explained, "I heard from them that there is no market for it. If we use Li Mu's hardware, even if there is no technical barrier, the cost of an electric scooter is still more expensive than a 125ml motorcycle. If there is no company purchasing it, ordinary people will not be willing to spend so much money to buy an electric scooter."

"Damn, I'll buy it!"

Lu Yunhao said anxiously, "If they can really produce something similar to Li Mu's, I'll buy 300, oh no, 500 …"

Zheng Chao said awkwardly, "Based on the research and development difficulty, if we can't sell 50,000 units, we won't even be able to break even …"

If the R&D cost was 10 million and 50,000 cars were sold, the R&D cost for each car would be 200 yuan, and the manufacturers would not be able to recover their capital. If they could only sell 10,000 cars, the R&D cost for each car would be 1,000 yuan, and they would not be able to recover their capital.

Therefore, the manufacturer would not be interested even if they sold 10,000 units, let alone Lu Yunhao's 500 units.

At this time, another colleague from Southern English University knocked on the door and came in. Seeing that both of them were there, he said directly, "Mr. Lu, there is a problem with the business side."

"What problem?"

The colleague said, "It's like this. We sent a business team to the nearby restaurants to investigate and found out that almost all of them don't have computers."

"No computers …" Lu Yunhao frowned, "What does it have to do with us if they don't have computers?"

That person was stunned for a moment and said, "Of course it has to do with us, Mr. Lu. If they don't have computers, they can't run our backend for receiving orders, and they can't access our platform …"

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao finally understood.

He felt a headache coming on.

He didn't expect this project to have so many implications.

He hurriedly asked, "Are the merchants willing to buy computers?"

"No."

That person said, "Most of them are small to medium-sized restaurants, and the retail price of a computer is at least 3,000 to 4,000 RMB. For them, the cost is a bit too high."

"But computers can help them make money!"

Lu Yunhao said angrily, "We're helping them make money. Is it wrong for them to buy computers?"

That person said helplessly, "At this stage, our platform is not online yet. There is no data to prove that we can help them make money, so they are not willing to buy computers rashly. Because it's not enough to just buy computers, they also have to apply for broadband and connect to the network."

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao felt a headache coming on. He said angrily, "I think there's a problem with the way you do things. You have to work hard first. If it really doesn't work, then think of another way. You don't have to come back and tell me that it doesn't work!"

As he said that, he asked, "Did you try hard?"

"We tried hard …" That person said aggrievedly, "Our business mouth is worn out, but it's useless."

Lu Yunhao asked angrily, "Then I want to ask, how did Li Mu solve this problem?"

That person said, "All of the businesses that Li Mu works with in Beijing have their computers provided by Hungry Mike themselves. Their policy is that Hungry Mike will pay for them and give them a free trial period. After the trial period, if they feel that Hungry Mike can really bring them income, they can buy the computers themselves, buy them from Hungry Mike, or rent them from Hungry Mike."

Lu Yunhao said in shock, "Li Mu's business model requires too much capital investment!

Electric scooters, mobile phones, and computers. Based on this calculation, he must have invested at least tens of millions in one city, right? "

Zheng Chao, who had been silent all this while, said, "Li Mu already has a lot of money in his hands. What's more, he has shares in the electric scooter factory, which lowers the cost. He also has shares in the Shenzhou factory, which lowers the cost as well. As for the cell phone, I don't know about it, but there should be very good terms for it."

Lu Yunhao suddenly felt a lot of pressure.

It turned out that if he wanted to follow in Li Mu's footsteps and set up a food delivery platform, the initial investment in just one city might exceed 100 million.

Other than office space, operators, developers, and development costs, he also had to hire a large number of riders and equip each rider with a high-performance electric scooter and mobile phone. At the same time, he also had to equip each business with a computer and broadband service. When the business was up and running, there would be a large amount of operating costs, and he also had to do all kinds of advertising and publicity …

He thought that 20 million USD was already a lot, but looking at it now, no matter how he calculated, it was just enough.

No, this was just barely enough to meet the exposed needs. If there was anything else that he didn't think of, it was very likely that there would be a financial crisis.

Lu Yunhao, who originally thought that he had a bright future, suddenly felt like he was walking on thin ice.

At this moment, someone knocked on the door and came in. It was Lu Yunhao's secretary.

"Boss Lu, Li Mu just officially announced on Weibo and Twitter that Hungry Mike will be entering the Shanghai market soon!"

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao immediately sat in front of his desk and opened Weibo and Twitter. Then, he searched for Li Mu's personal Weibo.

"Hungry Mike will be entering the Shanghai market and opening the online food ordering service in the Shanghai market. The Hungry Mike Shanghai channel will be officially launched in a week. Congratulations to the citizens and netizens of the Shanghai market. You will soon be able to enjoy the convenient online food ordering service."

Li Mu's popularity on Weibo and Twitter, as well as the entire entertainment and public circles, was much higher than Lu Yunhao's.

If others wanted a celebrity to repost a Weibo post, it would be at least tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions.

However, when Li Mu posted on Weibo, without saying a word or greeting, countless celebrities automatically reposted it.

In addition, Li Mu himself had the most fans on Weibo, so this Weibo post of Li Mu's suddenly exploded on the entire Weibo.

Top celebrities, A-list celebrities, B-list celebrities, all the way to small celebrities, as long as they knew about this matter, they all reposted Li Mu's Weibo.

Some said, "Wow, I support Li Zong, I support Hungry Mike!"

Some said, "I don't have to worry about what to eat in Shanghai in the future!"

"If I'm hungry, I'll eat it!"

Some said, "I'm from Shanghai. I'm lucky this time. Thank you, Li Zong!"

Some even said, "I'm from Shanghai all year round. God, I'm really grateful to Li Zong. Technology has changed our lives!"

With so many celebrities moving together, it suddenly created a super trending topic on Weibo.

Li Mu was already used to this. He knew better than anyone else what the entertainment industry was like.

In his previous life, there was a famous director who made a rather boring movie. The box office was very boring, and the reputation was even worse. The people said that it was not good, but almost all the celebrities in the entertainment industry reposted it on Weibo and said that they liked it very much …

This incident was quite famous at that time. After that incident, Li Mu already understood how boring the people in the entertainment industry was.

Therefore, when this group of people helped him repost, he did not appreciate it at all.

However, even though he did not appreciate it, Lu Yunhao was also scared silly.

Hungry Mike came just like that, and with such a big lineup, it was simply overwhelming …