Chapter 1764

Central TV's reporters followed up on Hungry Mike's business model from the perspective of a business, a user, and a rider. Then, while working on the material, they contacted Li Ziwei, hoping to do an exclusive interview with Li Mu. The topic of the interview was Hungry Mike.

Li Mu could see that Central TV was very interested in Hungry Mike's new business model, and it was also a good opportunity to promote Hungry Mike quickly, so he agreed.

That afternoon, an interview team came to Makino Technology and set up three cameras in Li Mu's office.

A reporter named Chen Jing introduced herself to Li Mu. Before recording, she talked with Li Mu about the general process of the interview and some questions she wanted to ask.

Under normal circumstances, when interviewing famous people, especially high-end entrepreneurs, most interviews required basic communication with the interviewee in advance, except for temporary interviews that did not need to be communicated in advance.

Some questions, if the interviewee was not interested in, or it was taboo, then the reporter had the opportunity to avoid it during the interview. In this way, they could maintain a friendly working relationship with the interviewee.

There were also some reporters who did not want to ask questions at the last minute, and then insisted on asking questions when the cameras started, making the interviewee unhappy or embarrassed. This kind of attitude was basically aiming for a one-time cooperation, and there would be no follow-up.

Central TV and Li Mu had always had a good relationship. They had worked together many times, and it had always been very pleasant. Therefore, Chen Jing tried her best. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, this time we mainly want to interview some questions about Hungry Mike. Secondly, we want you to give us some hints and encouragement about young entrepreneurs. Thirdly, we want to interview you about the conflict between you and Wall Street. If you feel that there is a problem with any part, or if there is any part that you don't want to answer, you can tell me."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "All three parts are fine. Feel free to ask."

Chen Jing nodded delightedly.

As a reporter, he naturally wanted to dig out more exclusive news from the mouth of the interviewee. At present, Li Mu had not accepted any media interview because of his hunger and the conflict with Wall Street. So, the interview of CCTV was naturally exclusive news.

Therefore, she hurriedly said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, in order not to waste your time, shall we start now?"

Li Mu nodded. "Let's start."

Chen Jing nodded to the cameramen. Everyone turned on their cameras and got into shooting mode. At the same time, the cameraman in charge of the audio recording raised the microphone high above their heads.

Chen Jing said, "Li Zong, it's a great honor to interview you, and I'm very grateful of you for taking time out of your busy schedule."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "You're too polite."

Chen Jing continued, "Recently, you've launched a new internet product on Taobao. It's called Hungry Man. I believe that many citizens in Beijing have started to enjoy the convenience brought by Hungry Man. The citizens in other cities might have heard of Hungry Man, but they haven't had the chance to experience it yet. So, can you please introduce Hungry Man to the audience in front of the TV, as well as your original intention of creating Hungry Man?

Li Mu nodded lightly and said, "It's like this. Hungry Mike uploads the restaurant's information and menu online, allowing users to order food online and pay online without leaving their homes. At the same time, Hungry Mike provides users with professional delivery services. This way, users can order online and enjoy the delivery service offline."

"I personally define Hungry Mike's business model as O2O, which means online.

to

Offline, it means' online to offline '. Choosing and purchasing services online, and receiving services offline. This is the essence of O2O. "

"Most of our internet services are limited to online. For example, the major web portals, vertical websites, search engines, and most other web products are completely online. For example, if a user wants to read the news, he can open his computer browser and browse the YY portal. Then, he can find the political news he wants to read on the YY portal and fulfill his personal needs. This entire model is still online."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "Now, we hope that the internet business model will have more room for imagination. So, I hope to open a complete business model from online to offline. This way, we can let the netizens enjoy the huge convenience that the internet brings to their lives. Considering the fact that food is the most important thing for people, I've decided to try the first O2O project, Hungry Mike."

"At the same time, through Hungry Mike, we can also create a large number of unprecedented new jobs for society, which are Hungry Mike's delivery riders. As of now, we have more than 4,000 riders in Beijing, and this number is still growing."

Chen Jing asked, "In your plan, when will Hungry Mike's business start to expand to other cities?"

"We've already started the expansion plan in other first-tier cities. Currently, our team is in those cities negotiating with merchants, collecting information, and recruiting and training riders. It's estimated that within a month, we can start Hungry Mike's business in the other three first-tier cities." Li Mu replied.

"You already have more than 4,000 riders in Beijing. Then, your team of riders will probably be a huge team in the future, right?" Chen Jing asked again.

Nodding his head, Li Mu replied, "Personally, I estimate that if we expand Hungry Mike's business to all the prefecture-level cities in the country, we'll need at least 2,000,000 riders to satisfy the online demand of at least 50 million people. If that's the case, we'll be able to create 2,000,000 new jobs for society."

"2,000,000?" Chen Jing was shocked. "That's too much. Are you confident?"

Li Mu smiled. "Right now, we still have some hardware barriers that we need to break through. When we break through these barriers, I think that the number of riders in the country will not be less than 5,000,000. This point should be gradually broken through in the next few years. We can wait and see."

In the future, Hungry Mike, Baidu, and Meituan fought. After Hungry Mike acquired Baidu, the food delivery market was basically ruled by Hungry Mike and Meituan.

According to statistics, the number of riders in the country at that time was at least 6,000,000.

These 6,000,000 people were indeed the new jobs that the food delivery platform contributed to society. These jobs didn't exist before, but because people's laziness had been cultivated by the platform, in the end, it was the users who needed the food delivery service that supported these millions of riders.

However, now that they suddenly said that they wanted to provide 2,000,000 or even 5,000,000 jobs, even the experienced and knowledgeable CCTV reporters couldn't believe it. What kind of concept was a few million jobs?

An ordinary prefecture-level city's population wasn't more than a million, and the entire city's population was only a few million.

How could a hungry man create jobs for millions of people?!

This was simply too unbelievable.

The structure of CCTV reporters was very different from most reporters. It wasn't just about the level of their unit, it was also about the level of exposure to problems and the way they looked at problems.

Reporters from the financial media, venture capital media, and internet media wouldn't pay attention to how many jobs a company could bring to society. They were the same as most venture capital companies. They only liked to look at data and report on money-related content.

For example, in their eyes, companies like Hungry Mike would first look at their performance, platform revenue, number of users, order volume, and development potential.

Then they would predict the company's estimated valuation, how much it would be in a year, how long it would take to raise funds, when the next round of funding would be, when to go public, where to go public, how much the market value would be after going public, how much the investors would earn, and how much the founder would earn.

However, they wouldn't look at the problems from the perspective of the people's livelihood.

They didn't care about how much the product could contribute to society other than making money.

How many jobs could be created for society?

It had nothing to do with us. We only cared about the financial statements.

How much tax could be contributed to the country?

It had nothing to do with us. We only cared about how much net profit could you achieve.

How much progress could you bring to society?

It had nothing to do with us. We only cared about how much money you could earn.

However, CCTV reporters paid more attention to the people's livelihood.

Although the current unemployment rate in society wasn't high, there would always be a group of people who couldn't find a job, or a group of people whose income was too low.

For a small city, the addition of a few thousand laid-off workers could cause a series of problems, such as livelihood issues, public security issues, city image issues, and so on. However, for a small city, if it could add a few thousand jobs, it would bring about a huge improvement in all aspects of livelihood, public security, and so on.

Thinking of this, Chen Jing couldn't help but exclaim, "Li Zong, if Hungry Mike could really bring five million jobs to society, then just this alone would be a huge contribution to society. Please allow me to represent the millions of Hungry Mike riders in the future to express my heartfelt gratitude to you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "The best business model is only win-win cooperation between enterprises and society. We don't want to be an enterprise that only takes from society, but doesn't give anything back to society. On the contrary, we hope to be able to take from society and use it for society."

As he spoke, Li Mu continued, "In the world, there are only three types of businessmen: ordinary businessmen, those who harm others to benefit themselves, and those who benefit others to benefit themselves. Whether it's Makino Technology, Taobao, or the now online Hungry Mike, we will do our best to become an enterprise that benefits others and themselves."