Chapter 240

Lin Qingya's words had given Li Mu a great deal of inspiration. There were many things that Li Mu did not have a clear understanding of. Fortunately, he had enough experience and knowledge, and was able to understand many things with just a hint.

Li Mu felt that his strategy had an 80% chance of working. Baidu was still a start-up company, and it was desperately trying to improve its main business. At this time, pure investment income was not significant enough for them. The most important thing was how to directly improve their main business.

If he sold them music, they would definitely be interested. First, he would sell the controlling stake and get them out of Makino Technology. Then, after the MP3 boom next year, he would sell the rest of the shares to them at a high price. Anyway, they would be involved in piracy for the next ten years, so he would let them play by the rules.

Li Mu was in a good mood, so he toasted Lin Ching-ah with a cup of tea to express his gratitude. After lunch, Li Mu was ready to return to Yucheng Garden to work on the core architecture of the communication software. He came out of the private room with Lin Ching-ah. Just as they were about to walk down the corridor, they heard someone shouting behind them, "Li Mu!"

Li Mu didn't recognize the voice, so he turned his head. It turned out to be Chen Ze's female friend, Lin Lin. There were three or four people around Lin Lin, and they seemed to have just finished eating and were about to leave.

Lin Lin didn't expect to meet Li Mu here. When she came to eat with her family and friends, she talked about her ill-fated Porsche 911. She even cursed Li Mu from head to toe in her heart. Unexpectedly, a man and a woman came out of a private room in front of them. The man was Li Mu.

Li Mu didn't expect to meet this difficult woman in a restaurant, but since she took the initiative to greet him, he naturally couldn't be rude, so he nodded and said, "You are also eating here?"

Lin Lin nodded and looked at Lin Ching-ah. She smiled and deliberately ridiculed Li Mu, "Is this your girlfriend?

She is quite old, almost an old woman. Do you have a sister complex? "

Lin Ching-ah was embarrassed by Lin Lin's words. After Lin Lin said this, she hugged her shoulders and laughed. The men and women next to her also laughed, which made Li Mu very angry. It was fine to have a problem with him, but in order to regain some balance, they attacked Lin Ching-ah, who was next to him. This was too despicable.

Li Mu looked at the people who laughed presumptuously and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Don't pay attention to these people. These guys are messing around all day long. Their brains are damaged."

The smug smile on Lin Lin's face instantly froze. The two young men beside her flew into a rage out of humiliation. They opened their mouths and questioned Li Mu, "F * ck, what the f * ck are you talking about?"

"Didn't you hear what I said?"

Li Mu frowned. At this time, he was too lazy to continue to pay attention to them. He turned his face and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Let's go."

Lin Ching-ah was a little angry in her heart, but she still endured it. She nodded at Li Mu and followed Li Mu out.

The two young men next to Lin Lin, one of whom was her younger brother and the other was her cousin, were still a little angry at the group insult of Li Mu at this moment. They clamored to come up and settle accounts with Li Mu, but were stopped by Lin Lin. No matter what, he was also a friend of Chen Ze. It could be seen that Chen Ze still attached great importance to him. Besides, many people said that this Li Mu was a bit evil. Not only did he have the flag of 3321 behind him, but his way of doing things was also a bit wild. Tang Quan couldn't get along with him and was still in the detention center. Lin Lin's two naive younger brothers were definitely not his opponents.

Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah went out of the restaurant together. He didn't forget to comfort Lin Ching-ah, "That girl is a friend of my friend. We have a little conflict. Her harsh words were also aimed at me. Don't take it to heart."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and asked Li Mu, "Why do you have a conflict with her?"

Li Mu chuckled, "That bitch rear-ended my car and still thinks it's all my fault."

Lin Ching-ah said in surprise, "She didn't learn the traffic rules?

She doesn't even know such a simple rule? "

Li Mu pointed to his temple and said, "That bitch has a problem here."

When he said this, Lin Lin happened to come out with her two younger brothers and two female friends. Seeing Li Mu gesturing with his fingers not far away, she guessed that Li Mu must be talking about her. She was a little angry in her heart, but she couldn't do anything to him. This guy's mouth was really vicious. As a woman, she would be at a disadvantage if she scolded him. After all, this guy didn't have any gentlemanly demeanor at all.

The two younger brothers clenched their fists. They couldn't wait to come up and teach Li Mu a lesson at any time. However, Lin Lin had been suppressing them, so they didn't dare to disobey her. They could only watch Li Mu send Lin Ching-ah to a taxi first, and then he stopped a taxi and left.

…

Lin Ching-ah, who got in the taxi, felt that she had nowhere to go.

Today was Sunday. She came to work overtime for a meeting in the morning, and the boss treated her to lunch at noon. Now, Lin Ching-ah suddenly didn't know how to spend the rest of the day.

The encounter in the restaurant just now made her feel upset. She always felt that she had been tempered by years of work to be more mature than her peers. She didn't expect that she would still be depressed because of the words of a girl in her twenties.

She called her best friend, who, like her, had been determined to become a strong woman in the workplace since graduation. After graduation, one of them entered Softbank, and the other entered Nokia, which was now at the height of its popularity. In the past three years, the relationship between the two became closer because of their common aspirations. They had a lot of common topics and knew each other very well. Therefore, either of them would choose to talk to the other when they had troubles, because no one knew them better than the other.

Receiving Lin Ching-ah's call, the other party was still at home. Lin Ching-ah said, "I'm in a bad mood. I'll come to you in the afternoon."

The other party giggled. "Come to my house, and let's have dinner together tonight."

"Okay, then wait for me. I'll be right there."

Lin Ching-ah's best friend was called Chen Yan. She rented a one-bedroom apartment in West City, not too far from Zhongguancun. Lin Ching-ah arrived at the door of her best friend's house and rang the doorbell. When the door opened, her best friend was wrapped in a bath towel, and her hair was still wet.

"Come in. You can sit here for a while. I'll go dry my hair."

Lin Ching-ah nodded. Her best friend went to the bathroom, so she sat down on the sofa in the living room outside. Her best friend's house was quite clean, but things were a little messy. Not only was her pajamas on the sofa, but there was also a pair of jeans. Lin Ching-ah conveniently picked up the pajamas and jeans and wanted to put them in the closet in her bedroom. Unexpectedly, when she picked up the jeans, she found an opened box of condoms under it. There was even a transparent rubber product sticking out of the opened box. It looked oily, and it made Lin Ching-ah feel a little disgusted.

Lin Ching-ah hugged the clothes and stared at the box of condoms, not knowing what to do with it. After thinking about it, she simply put the clothes back. It was more or less embarrassing to find a condom in a girl's house. It was better not to make trouble for herself.

After sitting for a while, Chen Yan, who had dried her hair, walked out of the bathroom. Because the house had floor heating and she had just taken a shower, she entered the living room in only a pair of underwear. While shaking her hair with both hands, she walked to the sofa and conveniently picked up her pajamas.

As she picked it up, the condom was exposed.

Chen Yan reached out and picked up the condom naturally. She stuffed the exposed condom into the box, closed the lid, and placed it in the drawer under the coffee table.

Seeing that she was so casual about this kind of thing, Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but ask, "Have you been in a relationship recently?"

Chen Yan shook her head. "No, I haven't been in a relationship since I broke up with Huang Xiaolong."

Lin Ching-ah said in surprise, "You two broke up half a year ago. Why do you still have that kind of thing at home?"

Chen Yan put on her pajamas and asked with a smile, "What kind of thing?"

Lin Ching-ah felt a little hot on her face. "The thing that you just put away."

Chen Yan burst into laughter and said to Lin Ching-ah, "Why are you still so pure?

It's fine if you don't have a boyfriend, but you can't even say something like a condom? "

Lin Ching-ah lowered her eyes and said, "I didn't …"

"It's nothing." Chen Yan smiled. "Come on, say it again: condom!"

"Oh, I don't want to say it."

Lin Ching-ah quickly waved her hand and changed the topic. "You haven't told me why you have that thing at home."

Chen Yan said casually, "I'm already twenty-five years old. My body needs it. I can't let my body struggle endlessly just because I broke up with Huang Xiaolong and didn't find a successor, right?"

Lin Ching-ah's eyes widened. "One-night stand?"

Chen Yan thought for a moment and said with a smile, "Not really. This is my boss now. He's a Finn. He's very handsome, and he's very skilled in that area. We both take what we need and comfort each other …"

Chen Yan's eyes were already slightly narrowed as she spoke. She bit her lower lip lightly, and her face was full of lingering memories.

Lin Ching-ah felt even more awkward. "We're in the same company. It's not appropriate for us to keep seeing each other all the time."

"Is it?"

Chen Yan said with a smile, "We're in a consensual relationship. He's divorced, and I'm single. It's not against ethics for me to have a relationship with him."

Lin Ching-ah hesitated for a while, but she still said, "It's fine if you're in a serious relationship. But with this kind of relationship … you'll be at a disadvantage …"