Chapter 407

Li Mu knew that charity was a special and sensitive field. This field was a double-edged sword, and it had to be handled carefully. If you didn't want to do it, then don't do it at all. You only needed to donate a sum of money when society needed it, because it wasn't considered charity, it was only considered supporting charity. However, if you chose to do charity, you had to do it wholeheartedly, 100% openly. Especially the funds, it had to be completely transparent, and the entire charity team had to be absolutely clean.

3321 had hundreds of thousands of tutoring orders every week, and a large amount of commissions were deposited in the account. This wasn't a good thing. Doing charity wasn't like saving money. You had to control your own fund pool to a relatively small value required for normal operations, and then set a safety threshold. Once the funds reached the threshold, you would immediately open all the exits and lower the threshold back to the value required for normal operations. Most funds that accumulated a large amount of money in your own hands and absorbed more money but released less had problems at the level of funds. Even the charity funds set up by some international celebrities had countless hidden funds. Once it was made public, they would immediately become street rats and be cursed by everyone.

3321's fund was different from many other genes. 3321 was a private education fund. Education was a basic livelihood that covered the entire people, so the education fund didn't need to reserve a large amount of funds to deal with emergencies and natural disasters. Therefore, Li Mu and Dong Ai set a benchmark: 3321's future normal fund reserve was 10 million yuan. If it was lower than this value, all student aid activities would be suspended, and the money would be reserved for 3321 and the operation of the student aid foundation. If it was higher than this value, the student aid activities would continue normally. If the funds reached 50 million, they would immediately plan a larger scale of student aid activities to quickly consume the funds to the normal value of 30 million.

10 million was the minimum fund line, 30 million was the normal fund line, and 50 million was the overpressure fund line. It was equivalent to the three lines of a reservoir. When it was lower than the minimum value, the water would be stored and the water would stop flowing downstream. When it was higher than the overpressure value, the water would be released, and the water would flow downstream normally within the normal range.

However, this was only the current benchmark. If 3321's ability to make money increased in the future, then this safety threshold would increase as well.

Now 3321's financial status was announced quarterly, and the financial statements were available for download on 3321's website. It was very transparent and trustworthy. As long as the funds were properly controlled, and not a large amount of funds were kept in the hands of the public, then the foundation would gain the trust of the public and become the most credible charity organization in the country.

Li Mu also hoped that 3321 would become bigger and bigger, and the intensity of educational charity would increase as well. Not only would it benefit more needy students, but it would also strengthen his own golden body. Currently, the country had not started to control the internet, and international information platforms such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook had not been born yet. However, as the internet environment became more developed, the country's control over the internet would also become stricter. At that time, the relevant political background would become very important. Li Mu wanted to create an internet company that was worth several billion. With the layer of relationship he had with Chen Ze, coupled with the golden body that he had built for himself using 3321, it would be enough. However, if he wanted to create an internet company that was worth tens or hundreds of billions, Chen Ze's background was far from enough.

In the café at the entrance of the university, Li Mu and Dong Ai finished discussing 3321. Dong Ai began to sigh. "I'll start my postgraduate program next year, and I might not have as much time as I did this year. 3321 is getting busier and busier. Do you think we should find a professional manager to take over in the second half of the year?

I'll just work as an assistant. "

Li Mu smiled. "You can be a professional manager too. Our 3321's office is at the National People's Congress. Next year, you can continue your postgraduate studies at the National People's Congress. Basically, you can work and study at the same time."

Dong Ai said, "I'm afraid that when the time comes, I'll be too busy and delay things."

Li Mu waved his hand and looked at Dong Ai with a face full of certainty. "At any time, the brain controls the body. I believe in your ability to manage the project and your ability to see the big picture. Otherwise, I wouldn't have thrown 3321 to you. But you also need to find your trusted right-hand man and delegate the power and work appropriately. You should be able to handle it easily. You have to know that our 3321 is a non-profit project, and our biggest advantage is that we don't have any competitors. So, the pressure on you will be reduced by half. In a world without enemies, you just need to do your best."

Dong Ai said a little unconfidently, "I'm afraid that when the scale of 3321 gets bigger, I won't be able to manage it on my own. If we cooperate with all the top universities in the country, then our scale will rise to another level. At that time, we might enter the stage where we will have more than 20 million in our account every month. This plate is really too big …"

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "To you, it doesn't matter how big the plate is. When you have too much money, you can change the way you spend it. This year, if we plan to take out 30 million in July to subsidize poor students who just entered university, then we might choose to subsidize 15,000 people with 2,000 yuan per person as the benchmark. If we have the ability to double our funds, then we will subsidize 30,000 people. Why do you have to feel so pressured about such a simple problem?"

Dong Ai said, "Actually, the main reason I feel pressured is because I don't know how to make use of the money we have settled down. As far as I know, many charities will hire financial experts to run some investment projects, and the returns are quite high. Other than some bank interest, there is no other way for our money to increase in value …"

At this point, Dong Ai even had a trace of self-blame in her expression. She always felt that putting tens of millions in the account and not being able to make use of it was quite a failure. She had never expressed this to anyone until today when she met Li Mu.

When Li Mu heard her say this, he smiled slightly and gave her a reassuring look. He said, "For a normal company, financial operations are a good thing. After earning money, it is indeed a waste to just let the money sit in the account. But for 3321, for you, not knowing how to do financial operations is the best result. Even if financial operations can make money, so what?

In the end, we have to take from the people, use it for the people, and finally pour all the money into poor students and the country's education. In this regard, 3321 has already done very well. We are a pure, 100% charity system, so don't think about adding flowers to the brocade. Charity is too complicated, and everyone is watching you. In the eyes of the people, our money is either on the account, in the pockets of poor students, or in the form of stationery, school bags, school buildings, and so on. It has to be a straight line in the middle. If we take a detour to any point in the middle, we will bring unnecessary trouble to ourselves. "

After that, Li Mu said again, "So, as long as you have the mentality of doing pure charity, you don't have to worry about these troubles at all."

Some ripples flashed in Dong Ai's deep and serene eyes. She had long realized that no matter what the boy in front of her, who was three years younger than her, said, she would be easily convinced by him. But she didn't expect that after not seeing him for a long time, his charm seemed to have improved. At a certain moment just now, she even had the mentality of submitting to him.

It was this big boy in front of her who single-handedly created 3321, a huge tutoring platform. In Li Mu's words, it was called the O2O service platform. It was also this big boy in front of her who quietly founded Makino Technology, a new Internet company with a valuation of ten figures. Thinking back to the first time she met Li Mu, she could never have imagined that in such a short time, he had become a billionaire.

Li Mu was definitely the only billionaire that Dong Ai knew in real life, and he was a billionaire who was less than 20 years old.

Although Dong Ai admired Li Mu in her heart, she never thought that she would have emotional interaction with him. She couldn't help but ask herself a question. What kind of woman could be worthy of such an outstanding man as Li Mu? To be honest, she felt that no woman she knew was worthy of him. His current girlfriend, Su Yingxue, was not worthy of him, and even her good friend, Chen Wan, was not worthy of him.

Seeing that Dong Ai was staring at him in a daze, Li Mu couldn't help but ask her, "What's wrong?

Is there something on my face? "

"Yes."

Dong Ai came back to her senses and smiled slightly. Then she hurriedly lowered her head and took a sip of coffee to hide her panic.

Li Mu subconsciously touched his face and asked her, "What's on my face?"

Dong Ai looked at him and couldn't help laughing, "There's a nose, eyes, and mouth …"

Only then did Li Mu realize that he had been deceived by her. He couldn't help but shake his head and smile. Seeing Li Mu's helpless face, Dong Ai laughed for a long time before she calmed down and said, "I came back to find Xiaowan for dinner. I called her and heard that she went to Xiangdu?"

Li Mu nodded: "I went on Monday, talking about the contract with the people of Xiangnan Satellite TV."

Dong Ai said, "I heard from her. I didn't expect that" Happy Camp "would invite her to be the host. This leap is too big. It feels like reaching the sky in one step."

Li Mu said with a smile, "It's still far from the sky."

Dong Ai looked at Li Mu's confident face and nodded gently.

She definitely believed what Li Mu said. Li Mu treats Chen Wan as his own sister. With his help behind the scenes, Chen Wan will definitely be able to go further on the road of hosting, even further than she imagined.

Sometimes, Dong Ai sympathizes with Chen Wan, because in her opinion, Chen Wan fell in love with a man that is difficult for her to reach. With her understanding of her, she may even hide that feeling in her heart forever and get along with Li Mu as a sister forever. As a sister, she has to watch him become stronger and stronger, attract more and more outstanding women, and watch him with other women. This feeling is painful to think about.