Chapter 1122

The box office of "Those Years" continued to soar.

After earning 33 million yuan over the weekend, on the third day of its release, which was Monday, the national box office fell as a whole due to the working day. However, the attendance of "Those Years" was still high.

On Monday, "Those Years" earned a total of 11 million yuan, including more than 2 million yuan from 14 Mu Mu International Cinemas.

After three days of screening, "Those Years" earned a total of 44 million yuan at the box office. This figure broke many records for the domestic box office and attracted a lot of coverage from the national media. This was also the first time that the domestic box office had shown such strong vitality. It represented the further growth of the entire market.

When "Those Years" became the focus of the media, the Mu Mu ticketing system was still using its subversive experience to attract the attention of the entire industry.

On Monday, the Mu Mu ticketing system opened tickets for Tuesday and Wednesday. As expected, the tickets for these two days were sold out very quickly.

The enthusiasm of the users in Beijing for the Mu Mu ticketing system was far beyond Li Mu's imagination. Because there were only more than 80,000 tickets a day, a large number of audiences in Beijing couldn't buy tickets from the Mu Mu ticketing system. Therefore, they posted on Tieba, calling for the Mu Mu ticketing system to cover more cinemas.

Even though "Those Years" was very popular at the moment, it was inevitable that the box office would fall on weekdays. Except for Mu Mu International Cinemas, which had fully connected to the Mu Mu ticketing system, the attendance of all other cinemas was greatly reduced. Except for "Those Years", which could still maintain an average attendance of 40%, the attendance of other movies in the same period was less than 10%.

In sharp contrast, Mu Ye International Cinemas had created a 100% attendance rate for five consecutive days.

After three days of screening and two days of pre-sales, the 14 cinemas had a 100% attendance rate for five consecutive days. This was a miracle that had never happened in the history of Hua Xia's movies, and at least half of the credit was due to the strong support of the Mu Mu ticketing system.

On Tuesday, "Those Years" earned a national box office of 9.3 million, of which more than 2 million came from the Mu Mu ticketing system.

On Wednesday, the box office of "Those Years" continued to fall, but there was still 8 million yuan in the box office.

In just five days of screening, "Those Years" had already earned 60 million yuan in the domestic box office. This efficiency was unprecedented.

What was even scarier was the ticketing system for Film Mulberry. On Wednesday, it once again sold out all the tickets for Thursday and Friday in advance.

Muye International Cinema had a 100% occupancy rate for seven consecutive days, which made the bosses of other cinemas extremely envious.

They were also deeply aware of the huge increase in the box office of the cinema, and they also knew that a large number of users were now fighting for tickets in the system. For this group of users, they would only be willing to go to the cinema to watch the movie if they could get tickets in advance and book the time, number, and seats. If they couldn't get tickets from the system, they wouldn't go to the cinema to watch the movie.

All of a sudden, a large number of theater owners were looking forward to their theaters being connected to the Mu Ying ticketing system and the powerful online ticketing platform.

Within a few days, Makino Image had received a large number of access requests from cinemas. Seeing that the time was ripe, Li Mu asked Makino Image to officially announce the standards for cinemas.

Firstly, the ticketing system of Shadow Shepherds was theoretically open to all cinema chains in the country.

This was also the original intention of Li Mu to create the ticketing system. He wanted to include all the cinemas and make them a member of the ticketing system.

Secondly, after the cinemas were connected to the ticketing system, they had to use the merchant terminal system provided by the ticketing system. This terminal system would support the cinemas to build their own screening information and seat layout. It would also support the cinemas to directly use this system to sell and issue tickets offline. At the same time, it would also synchronize the inventory of seats online in real time to prevent online and offline users from buying the same seats repeatedly.

The reason why Li Mu required the cinemas to use the merchant terminal of the ticketing system was that he hoped that his merchant terminal would become an irreplaceable and efficient tool for the cinemas. At the same time, the real-time inventory of the system could not be opened to the public.

In other words, if the cinemas used his system, and other enterprises also created an online ticketing system, the other online ticketing systems would not be able to read the real-time inventory of the cinemas. The only solution was to set up another terminal system for the cinemas. In that case, the cinemas would have to operate two or more ticketing systems at the same time. Moreover, the inventory could not be synchronized between the systems. It would be very troublesome to use it.

Thirdly, the ticketing system would take 5% of the ticket price as a commission. At the same time, it would provide ticketing machines to the cinemas for free and provide lifetime maintenance free of charge. Cinemas with more than five screens would be equipped with three ticketing machines, and cinemas with less than five screens would be equipped with two ticketing machines.

The reason why Li Mu provided ticketing machines to the cinemas for free was that he was worried that there would be competitors in the future. Therefore, he provided ticketing machines for free. In that case, the biggest obstacle for future competitors would be the ticketing machines that cost tens of thousands of yuan. There were at least thousands of cinemas in the country. If each of them was equipped with three or four ticketing machines, it would cost tens of millions of yuan.

The hardware investment of tens of millions of yuan was definitely a heavy investment. If the Shadow Leopard Ticketing System didn't charge the cinema chains for the terminal machines, then the competitors wouldn't be able to charge them either. In that case, the cost of the ticketing machines alone would be enough to deter the competitors.

Li Mu had already built an ecological closed-loop and a barrier against competitors for his Shadow Leopard Ticketing System in advance. When he quickly popularized this ticketing system in China, at least half of the national box office would be transferred to the Shadow Leopard Ticketing System. At that time, this system would be the main god system in the film and television industry.

…

Zhang Quan was the boss of a cinema chain in Beijing. He had a total of five cinemas, 26 screens, and more than 5,000 seats. Similar to most other cinema chains, the problem that plagued him for a long time was the low attendance and low profit margin.

Although he owned five cinemas, after deducting the rent, equipment depreciation, staff salaries, and daily maintenance costs, the net profit of these five cinemas was negligible.

Zhang Quan had a relative who owned a hotpot restaurant. Some time ago, when the two of them were drinking and chatting, Zhang Quan found out that the monthly net profit of a hotpot restaurant was more than fifty thousand yuan. On the other hand, for a business as large as his, the average monthly net profit was less than thirty thousand yuan. The ratio of investment to output was truly frightening.

Cinema chains were not a good business in this era. There were only three peak periods in a year. They were the summer holidays, around New Year's Day, and the Spring Festival. The attendance was higher during these three periods. The other periods were so bleak that almost every theater was booked.

Initially, Zhang Quan had thought of some promotional methods in an attempt to increase the attendance. For example, discounted tickets, half-price tickets, and so on. However, the results were minimal. This was because his promotional methods could only be used in a few of his cinemas. The problem was that the attendance was low to begin with, and the number of customers in the cinemas was low to begin with. Such promotional methods were ineffective and ineffective.

Just when Zhang Quan thought that Hua Xia's box office and Hua Xia's cinema chains were doomed, an online ticketing system was born with the release of "Those Years".

When the ticketing system was first launched, Zhang Quan had taken note of this new technology. He could acutely see the advantage of this online ticketing system. It had broken through the limitations of a single cinema chain and pushed every cinema chain to the forefront of the entire internet.

After realizing this reality, Zhang Quan was eager to connect his cinema chains to the ticketing system. Therefore, he was one of the first cinema chains to submit an application to Makino Image.

After Li Mu announced that the ticketing system would be open to cinemas nationwide, Zhang Quan received a clear reply from Makino Image. Following that, the staff of Makino Image personally visited him and signed the agreement.

After the agreement was signed, Makino Image would provide 20 ticketing machines for his five cinemas in the shortest time possible. At the same time, they would provide the merchant terminal and corresponding training. The merchant terminal was very simple to operate. For those with basic computer knowledge, they could master it in less than half a day.

Makino Image's efficiency in promoting the ticketing system was extremely high. On the day Zhang Quan signed the agreement, the trainers from Makino Image came to his cinema chains to conduct intensive training for the staff of his five cinemas.

The introduction of the system was very fast. After a morning's training, Zhang Quan's staff had already entered the seats of all five cinemas into the ticketing system by the afternoon of the same day. They had uploaded an accurate seating map to the ticketing system.

Li Mu had previously requested his staff to increase the number of self-service ticketing machines. The production efficiency of the OEM was very high. Up until now, they had produced 300 self-service ticketing machines. The remaining 200 were ready to be packaged and sent to the cities designated by Makino Image.

Li Mu decided to use the 300 self-service ticketing machines to cover the major cinemas in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. This was especially so for Beijing and Shanghai. Makino Image's promotion was extremely fast. In just one weekend, nearly 30 cinemas in Beijing were connected to the ticketing system. Makino Technology sent dozens of technicians to guide the installation of the self-service ticketing machines and completed the relevant adjustments.

After the 30 cinemas were connected to the ticketing system, all the cinemas in Beijing were connected to the ticketing system. The number of screens exceeded 200 and the number of seats reached more than 40,000. Based on the calculation of seven screenings per day, the total number of tickets for a single day in Beijing had reached 300,000.