Chapter 214

When Chen Ze talked about F1, there was a different kind of glint in his eyes. It was obvious that he really loved F1.

Although Li Mu also liked F1, he was not a fanatic. However, he still had a certain understanding of F1. When Chen Ze heard that Li Mu knew about Senna, he knew that he definitely knew about F1.

Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "Young people nowadays, if they are not true fans of F1, usually only know Schumacher and Hakkinen. There are very few people who know about Senna."

In fact, Li Mu's love for Formula One had already happened after 2005. At that time, Formula One had already been dominated by Schumacher, the king of racing. When he looked back to understand the past of Formula One, he found out that in the history of Formula One, there was a god-like figure from the late 1980s to the early 1990s, the Brazilian Senna.

Back then, Li Mu had a strong thirst for knowledge and had read a lot about Sienna's history. He had been deeply fascinated by this legendary young racer of the past. In that era, Sienna had driven different cars and created one miracle after another. Unfortunately, in May of 1994, he had died in a race track accident, and the racing god of a generation had fallen.

Thinking back to Senna and the documentary film called "Senna," Li Mu sighed and said, "When Senna died, the entire Brazil held a state funeral for him. It really made people respect him from the bottom of their hearts."

Chen Ze was stunned and asked, "Where did you see that?"

Li Mu suddenly realized that he had said the wrong thing. The scene he saw was from the documentary "Senna." However, in this era, those scenes should not be found in China. On one hand, it was because the Internet had not really started yet, and there were very few videos that could be watched online. Also, because of bandwidth limitations, the user experience was very poor. Senna died in 1994, and at that time, the enthusiasm for F1 had not spread in China.

Faced with Chen Ze's question, Li Mu said, "I happened to find relevant information on the Internet."

Chen Ze immediately said, "If you can find it.

Give me one. "

"Okay." Li Mu nodded guiltily.

Chen Ze sighed. "There were too few people in the country who knew about Senna. It wasn't until the second year after his death that F1 started broadcasting in Guangdong Province. However, F1 was still a niche sport back then."

Li Mu asked curiously, "When did you start to learn about it?"

Chen Ze said, "'88.

When I was 14, I happened to watch an F1 race in the United States. From then on, I fell in love with F1. If I wanted to watch F1 in China, I would ask my relatives to mail me a video from overseas. "

At this point, Chen Ze said proudly, "The 1993 European Grand Prix.

I watched him win the championship live in England. From that day onwards, I regarded him as my lifelong idol. "

Li Mu's eyes lit up. "Definitely a classic battle!"

Chen Ze raised his eyebrows and asked, "You've seen it before?"

Li Mu nodded. "A legendary 40 seconds. Senna went from fifth to first."

Chen Ze seemed to have found someone who understood him. He raised his glass and said excitedly, "Come, let's have a drink!"

The two of them unexpectedly got along very well when it came to F1. This also made the two of them feel a lot more familiar with each other. Although Li Mu was seven or eight years younger than Chen Ze, it was as if he had found someone who understood him.

In his heart, Chen Ze seemed to see him as a peer.

While the two of them were chatting, Zhang Kexuan finally got rid of the girls. He ran over and sat next to Li Mu. He asked for a glass of beer and said to Chen Ze with a smile, "Brother Ze, your life in Beijing is really good. Do you often have these kinds of parties?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "I rarely attend these kinds of gatherings. If it wasn't for the fact that Du Wei is my friend's sister, I wouldn't have come here.

I wouldn't have called you either. "

Zhang Kexuan asked curiously, "Is Du Wei your friend's sister?"

Chen Ze nodded. "Her sister is in America. She called me overseas and told me to come to Du Wei's birthday party. She even wanted me to give her a gift to make her happy. I asked her what she wanted.

She didn't say. She just said that she didn't lack anything. I asked her what she liked and she said she liked simple plans. "

As he spoke, Chen Ze looked at Zhang Kexuan and said with a smile, "As soon as I heard that it was a simple plan, I immediately understood.

"I guessed that she probably admires you. You're the only one who looks passable out of the four in your band."

Zhang Kexuan pouted. "Are you kidding me? I look passable?

In Mu Ge's words, I'm a male god, okay? "

"Male god?"

Chen Ze teased. "I think you're just a male psychopath. Luckily, you cut your long hair. Otherwise, I wouldn't even be able to say that I know you."

Zhang Kexuan shook his head helplessly. "Brother Ze, we haven't seen each other for a few years. Can you stop mocking me?"

Chen Ze's expression became a little more serious. "We haven't seen each other for a few years. I didn't expect you to really make a name for yourself in music. I have to apologize for what I said before."

Zhang Kexuan didn't expect Chen Ze to suddenly be so serious. After hearing his words, he was a little dazed. After a while, he laughed at himself. "Brother Ze, you're being too serious. There's no need to be so distant between us."

Chen Ze waved his hand and said, "It's my fault. Here, a toast to you."

Zhang Kexuan hesitated for a moment and didn't say anything. He just raised his glass and clinked glasses with Chen Ze. Then, the two drank.

At this moment, the birthday girl, Du Wei, came up and stood next to Zhang Kexuan. She held a Polaroid camera in her hands and asked him shyly, "Brother Kexuan, I have a good friend who really likes you. Can I take a picture of you and sign it for her?"

Zhang Kexuan nodded without hesitation and said with a smile, "You can help me."

Du Wei's face was full of excitement. She took a picture of Zhang Kexuan. When the Polaroid was developing, Chen Ze said to Li Mu, "Du Wei should be around the same age as you. She's also a first-year student at the Yanjing Music Academy."

At this moment, Du Wei finally looked seriously at Li Mu who came with Zhang Kexuan. At the start, her attention was all on Zhang Kexuan.

Looking at Li Mu, Du Wei felt that he looked familiar, but she couldn't remember where she had seen him. She tilted her head and looked at Li Mu, anxiously searching for memories in her mind.

At this time, Chen Ze said, "Weiwei, have you heard of 3321?"

"Oh!"

Du Wei jumped up and said excitedly, "I remember. You're the founder of 3321!"

Li Mu smiled, reached out his hand and said, "Hello, I'm Li Mu."

Du Wei shook hands with Li Mu and said with a smile, "The students in our school have been complaining that 3321 has never come to our school for publicity, nor has it registered our students."

Li Mu said with a smile, "The children in your Music Academy have a good family background. There's no need for them to work and study."

Du Wei stuck out her tongue. "You can just say that the students in our school don't do well in cultural classes!"

"I didn't mean that."

Li Mu chuckled. Although he denied it verbally, that was indeed what he was thinking. The students of the Music Academy were also blessed by the heavens, but their strengths were not in cultural classes, so 3321 did not include them in his target group.

At this time, the photo in Du Wei's hand was completely developed. She handed the photo to Zhang Kexuan and a pen. Zhang Kexuan took it. The back of the Polaroid photo paper was black. He hid his face from the front of the photo, signed his name on the side, and then gave it to Du Wei.

Du Wei was very happy. She quickly shook the photo, trying to shake off the ink, and said excitedly, "The students in our class really like simple plans. Although there aren't many songs with simple plans, every one of them is a classic."

Zhang Kexuan was also a little embarrassed. He just smiled and didn't say anything.

Chen Ze patted Li Mu's shoulder and said with a smile, "Let these two music lovers talk. Let's sit over there for a while. I'll introduce you to a few friends."

Li Mu nodded and gave Zhang Kexuan a look. He teased, "Kexuan, don't always be so humble when someone praises you."

Zhang Kexuan thought to himself, 'I'm not usually this humble. It's mainly because I'm too embarrassed to act cool in front of you.'

Chen Ze brought Li Mu to the sofa on the side. There were three people sitting on the European-style leather sofa that could seat seven people. When the three of them saw Chen Ze come over, they all stood up and greeted politely, "Brother Ze."

Chen Ze nodded at them and then pulled Li Mu to the empty seat next to them. He said to the three of them, "Let me introduce you guys, this is Li Mu."

"Li Mu, that fatty over there is called Wang Dingbang. You know Dingbang. It's the one with the butt."

One of the white and chubby guys immediately protested, "Brother Ze, can you not mock me like that?

I'm clearly the Dingbang of Stability. "

Then, Wang Dingbang said to Li Mu, "Brother, you can call me Fatty Wang."

Chen Ze chuckled and introduced, "These two beside you are biological brothers, Xu Jiaming and Xu Jiahui. Jiaming just started a venture capital company, and Jiahui is a student at Beijing University, just like you."

Li Mu nodded at the two. Then, Chen Ze said to the three, "Li Mu is from the National People's Congress and the founder of 3321."

When they heard 3321, the three of them were shocked, especially Fatty Wang. He immediately sat up straight and said to Li Mu, "3321 is really a genius project. Brother, when are you going to commercialize it?

If you don't mind, I'll invest in it. "

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "3321 isn't going to be commercialized. It will be maintained like this from now on."

"Huh?" Fatty Wang said in shock, "Why are you against money?

Your 3321, if you start a profit model, and at the same time open up to the whole country to attract people to join, or just start a direct operation, you can earn at least tens of millions a year! "

Li Mu said lightly, "The key to success is to not make a profit. If you make a profit, there will be countless competitors. Moreover, to be honest, I don't want to make money from education."