Chapter 850

The content of Chairman Ma's conversation shocked Cult Leader Lei.

Other than shock, there was also a deep sense of shame in his heart. He was ashamed that as a veteran in the Internet industry, he had never deeply researched why Li Mu was so successful. He only saw Li Mu's results. Other than shock, he also had strong doubts. However, he did not seriously understand Li Mu's way of doing things like Boss Ma, as well as the deeper information hidden under the halo of "Internet Prodigy."

At the thought of how awesome Li Mu was to the point where he could plan the whole situation by himself and not make any mistakes, Lei Jianguo felt cold sweat on his back.

Li Mu's advantage was really too big. The analogy that Boss Ma used just now was very appropriate. If developing a product was a journey of thousands of kilometers, others would have to rely on their own legs to complete the journey.

When they were lucky, they could walk 20 to 30 kilometers a day. Sometimes, they would even have to stop for a long time if they encountered natural or man-made disasters. It was never a flat plain in the middle. There were mountains, ravines, swamps, jungles, and there were also wolves, tigers, and leopards. It was really difficult to walk. Sometimes, if they were not careful, they would look at the wrong map or choose the wrong direction, and they would be further and further away from success …

In short, developing a product, especially a good product, was as difficult as ascending to the heavens for all companies. Only for Li Mu, it was so easy that it was at his fingertips.

This journey of thousands of kilometers, others walked, but Li Mu flew. How could he compare?

What could he use to compare?

At that moment, Lei Jianguo was extremely melancholic. He sighed and said, "Li Mu's understanding of the Internet is really too deep. If it was his competitor, he could easily grasp their weakness. Just like the Outstanding Internet. Li Mu only said one sentence, and I could not wait to sell the Outstanding Internet to him. Actually, I was very unwilling, but I also clearly realized that even if I was unwilling, there was no other way."

Boss Ma could not help but ask him, "Li Mu wants to buy the Outstanding Internet?"

"Yes!"

Lei Jianguo said, "The Outstanding Internet's audio and video products business has basically stopped, and the book business has been declining. Li Mu said that if I did not sell the Outstanding Internet to him, he would make his own books. He also said that he would take out 30 million yuan, three yuan for each book sold, and sell 10 million books first …"

When Boss Ma heard this, he was speechless and could not help but sigh. "This is indeed Li Mu's style. His way of doing things is to smash his opponents and destroy the industry with his iron fists."

Lei Jianguo said, "There's no other way. This fellow is too vicious in the business world. He will definitely bite those he sets his eyes on, and he will not let go of those he bites!"

Boss Ma shook his head. "Boss Lei, Li Mu is now the top product manager in the country, and he has two of the top Internet companies in the country in his hands. Under such circumstances, there are only two good choices for people in the same industry: First, avoid his sharp edge, and do not do anything that Li Mu does; second, cater to his interests. Whatever Li Mu is doing, or might want to do, do it in advance, and then sell it to him or be absorbed by him. Otherwise, once there is a conflict with him, even if there is a possibility of conflict with him in the future, he will definitely crush them with a heavy fist. This is not him being vicious, but a decision that a successful businessman will definitely make."

What Boss Ma said was exactly his own style of doing things in his previous life.

In his previous life, after Teng Xun launched QQ Games, it had already started working hard. By 2005, Teng Xun's position in the Internet industry in Hua Xia was already unshakable. For so many years, Teng Xun's own business had basically covered the entire Internet industry. Teng Xun had sent out heavy troops to almost every field, and they would launch fierce attacks in every field. They would constantly build fortifications in the areas that they conquered, making them indestructible; for areas that they could not conquer, they would use the form of acquisition or investment to complete the occupation.

It could be said that Boss Ma's methods in his previous life were not at all kinder than Li Mu's.

Li Mu had always been particularly glad that he had been reborn in 2001, not 2004 or 2005. If he had been reborn in 2005, Teng Xun's position in Hua Xia would have been absolutely unshakable. At that time, with Teng Xun QQ's seven or eight years of operation and the strength of the entire Teng Xun ecosystem chain, no product could beat it at all. Even if he developed an awesome product, it would not be able to shake the entire Teng Xun. It was possible to rely on a submarine to steal a destroyer, but stealing a complete aircraft carrier strike group was simply a pipe dream.

However, he had been reborn in 2001, in an era when both companies were still fledgling. In this era, other than Baidu, Li Mu could not defeat any other domestic Internet company. Frankly speaking, apart from Baidu, which relied on technology to make a living, the rest of the domestic Internet companies in 2001 were basically the dividends of the times.

After listening to this, Lei Jianguo had almost made a decision in his heart. "I think I might know what to choose. It's easier to join Li Mu's camp!"

Lei Jianguo had now thought it through very clearly. As Boss Ma had said, Li Mu was now the most awesome product manager in Hua Xia's Internet. There was no one else like him. He was like the only person who had mastered all the correct routes in the face of a complicated maze. When others ran into walls everywhere in the maze and could not find a way out for a long time, or even died in it, he could choose the only correct one at every intersection and then use the fastest speed to walk through the most correct route to the final exit.

He was a genius, a proud son. He proudly broke through every big and small and extremely dangerous maze, but he did not worry at all about taking the wrong path or falling into traps. He also did not care at all about those who died in the maze because they could not find the way out.

His speed was so fast that it was useless for others to follow him. If he did not take the initiative to lead you, even if you followed him closely, he could suddenly disappear at the next intersection, leaving you to face the danger alone. There was only one way to follow him to the exit: join his team.

Boss Ma asked him, "Boss Lei, have you decided to join Li Mu's team?"

Lei Jianguo nodded. "I have always been very interested in e-commerce, so I started Zhuoyue. Now, the domestic e-commerce is the world of Li Mu's Taobao. Li Mu invited me to join Taobao. To me, this is the most suitable platform. If the conditions are right, I am willing to join."

Boss Ma smiled and said, "Congratulations, Boss Lei."

Lei Jianguo asked him, "What about you? What are your plans for the next step?"

Boss Ma said, "Aren't I looking for a new direction? The investors are willing to support me to do a new project, but I have looked around. To be honest, I have not found anything that is really suitable for me."

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma laughed at himself and said, "I feel that I have not really adjusted my mentality for the time being. Every time I want to think of a new product, I think of Makino Technology."

Lei Jianguo asked, "What do you mean?"

Boss Ma said, "Even if I give up the instant messaging software industry now, to be honest, I still want to be in this field. I have poured too much effort into this field. I have poured all my energy and greatest passion into QQ. Even if QQ is gone now, my passion is still there."

After a pause, Boss Ma said with a little sadness, "Boss Lei, to be honest, Li Mu's YY is a very perfect product in my eyes. I have lost to it wholeheartedly.

And now when I look at YY, I feel like a professional racer who has given up on his dream watching F1 racing. Even if I give up racing, I can also drive a taxi, a truck, or even a bus, but the top dream of racing in my heart is still there … "

When Lei Jianguo heard this, he felt his scalp go numb. He did not think that Boss Ma's words were pretentious. Instead, he felt that Boss Ma's words were too sincere, so sincere that it touched the part of his heart that was related to his dream. He completely understood Boss Ma's sadness when he saw others racing in the F1 field after he was forced to give up this dream. The most sad dream was not that it was unreachable, but that he did not even have the chance to try it.

At present, Boss Ma could also continue to do instant messaging, but he knew in his heart that it was already too late. After Li Mu's YY overtook QQ, it quickly built a huge ecological closed loop, or rather, a huge Internet empire. Not only was it constantly expanding its strength, but it was also extremely vigilant of the entire Hua Xia market. Once a competitor appeared, it would immediately send several times, dozens, or even hundreds of times the strength of the opponent to crush it. At this time, if he still did instant messaging, it would be equivalent to courting death.

Lei Jianguo sighed softly and asked Boss Ma, "If one day Li Mu asks you to be in charge of YY, would you be willing?"

Boss Ma smiled and said, "I would be willing. Why wouldn't I be willing?

But this kind of thing is just a thought. "

Lei Jianguo asked, "Why?

Maybe there really is such a chance. "

Boss Ma shook his head. "Let's not talk about whether this is possible or not. Even if I were to be in charge of YY, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to carry such a huge structure. What's more, when QQ was completely defeated by YY, Li Mu would definitely not approve of me."

Lei Jianguo said, "That might not be the case. If there's a chance, I can ask him indirectly."

Boss Ma laughed self-deprecatingly. "Forget it. I'm doing quite well now. My next product will avoid the coverage of Makino Technology and Taobao. Maybe there's still a chance to succeed."

When Lei Jianguo heard this, he nodded gently. He wanted to say that if he had the chance in the future, he could help him ask Li Mu. However, after thinking about it, he had not joined Makino Technology yet. It was too early to say this, and it was not appropriate.

However, for Lei Jianguo himself, this trip to Shenzhen to see Boss Ma was very rewarding. What Boss Ma said made him realize how terrifying Li Mu was. He also realized that joining Li Mu's team was a good thing with broad prospects. This also made him decide in his heart to meet Li Mu after he went back and talk about him joining Taobao.