Chapter 142

Hearing that Li Mu was looking for her to introduce a suitable senior to him, Dong Ai hurriedly said, "Among the senior members of the Student Union, many of them chose to stay in Beijing to work after graduation. Our Student Union has been keeping in touch with them and has their employment information and contact information. If your cousin's company is really reliable, I can give him the information and let him choose for himself."

"Really?"

Li Mu was excited. The senior members of the National People's Congress must have graduated and entered their jobs. This information might not be too important now, but in the future, it would be a proper high-end talent resource!

Dong Ai said casually, "Why would I lie to you?

Besides, your cousin wants to find suitable talents from our school's graduates, which is also a good thing for the National People's Congress. "

Li Mu nodded. "Then I'll wait for your news, Senior Sister."

Dong Ai nodded and asked, "How is your cousin's company?

It's a newly established company, so the position of Deputy CEO should not be very valuable. I don't think it's very attractive. How much is the salary? "

Li Mu said, "His company has already negotiated with Baidu for Series A financing. The valuation is 50 million. Although it's not a big company, the prospects are still very good."

Dong Ai was a little surprised. As someone who studied economics, she was very familiar with the operation of capital. The current attitude of capital investment was still more cautious. An Internet company like Baidu was not a venture capital company, but they actually invested in this project. The prospects of this project should be relatively bright.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "I don't know the specific salary, but according to him, the starting annual salary should be between 50 to 100 thousand yuan. The specific amount depends on the ability and qualifications."

The minimum salary standard in Beijing in 2001 was 435 yuan. An annual salary of 50 to 100 thousand yuan was already the white-collar of the white-collar, especially for a start-up company, this salary was even more rare.

Dong Ai said in surprise, "This salary is not bad. Is the requirement high?

For example, how many years of experience in the relevant industry. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "The internet has always been a young industry, so my cousin said that he doesn't have any special requirements for the relevant industry experience. Instead, it has to be as young as possible, preferably below 30 years old."

Li Mu had a general setting for the staff structure of Makino Technology in the future. He hoped that the team as a whole could be younger. In his hope, the average age of the future core managers should be under 30 years old as much as possible, and the average age of the employees should be around 25 years old. Such a team would be easier to run in with each other and more likely to burst out extraordinary momentum.

Dong Ai tentatively asked, "If I'm 25 years old, wouldn't I be a little younger to be a vice president?"

Li Mu asked curiously, "Do you have a suitable candidate in mind?"

"There is one."

Dong Ai said hesitantly, "I have a senior who graduated from the Business School. She majored in marketing management. After graduation, she has been working in a Japanese company. I had dinner with her some time ago. She seems to be dissatisfied with her current job and is planning to change jobs."

"Which Japanese company?"

Li Mu was very interested in the senior she mentioned. To be able to work in a Japanese company in 2001, she should be relatively outstanding. This was not to say that Japanese companies were good, but mainly because there were only a few Japanese companies at the moment. There were too many monks and too little porridge, so it was not easy to get in.

Dong Ai frowned and thought for a long time, then said awkwardly, "The name is a series of abbreviations, SB, VC, etc … I can't remember …"

Li Mu thought it would be the familiar Panasonic, Toshiba, Sony, etc. He did not expect it to be a series of English abbreviations, and he did not seem to remember any company that matched it.

However, as soon as Li Mu thought of the two letters Dong Ai said, he immediately thought of Venture-Capital, which was venture capital. Among the top ten abbreviations that people on the internet were talking about, VC must be one of them.

Since there was a VC in it, then it must be an investment company. There were only a few famous Japanese investment companies. Which one of them had been in China since 2001?

A name suddenly flashed in Li Mu's mind: Sun Zhengyi.

SoftBank should be the first Japanese venture capital company to come into contact with the internet and the China internet. It was he who invested in Boss Ma's Alibaba last year. In his memory, SoftBank's company name in Hua Xia was SoftBank Hua Xia Capital, and its English abbreviation was SBCVC. This should be it, right?

Li Mu asked tentatively, "Senior, is it SBCVC, SoftBank Hua Xia Capital?"

Dong Ai instantly understood. "Yes, yes, yes!

It's SoftBank! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Give me your contact information, and help me say hello to that senior sister. When my cousin comes to Yan Jing, I'll ask him to talk to that senior sister face-to-face."

Dong Ai nodded and said with some uncertainty, "That senior of mine has worked in that Japanese company for less than three years, but she has always been an assistant manager. She has no leadership experience. Do you think your cousin will agree?"

Li Mu smiled. "I think there should be no problem. Let them talk about it when the time comes."

Li Mu knew that Japanese companies were famous for their slow promotion. The leaders of Japanese companies liked steady and stable employees, so generally, newcomers who entered a Japanese company would struggle for at least three to five years in a position before they could be promoted. Generally, the inconspicuous management positions in Japanese companies were also in their thirties or even older. The senior that Dong Ai mentioned was only twenty-five. If she could be a management position in a Japanese company, she would be a god.

…

The next day, Li Mu asked Kong Lingyu to come forward as the general manager of Makino Technology. With Dong Ai's help, he met the senior that she mentioned. Dong Ai said that her name was Lin Ching-ah.

This time, Li Mu chose a more business-oriented clubhouse. Dong Ai accompanied Lin Ching-ah, and Li Mu also accompanied her as Kong Lingyu's cousin. Lin Ching-ah was still at work. She rushed here after work, so she was still wearing formal clothes.

Out of all the companies in the world, the one with the highest dress code would definitely be the Japanese companies. Lin Qingya was dressed in a white blouse, a black mid-length skirt, flesh-colored stockings, and a pair of high-heeled leather shoes. Her appearance was more like that of a southern woman, and her aura was not too strong.

After chatting in the private room for a while, Li Mu found out that Lin Ching-ah knew the Internet very well. When Kong Lingyu asked her about her views on the Internet, she showed very professional knowledge and very optimistic expectations.

According to her, she had participated in SoftBank's investment in Alibaba, Yahoo, and Ctrip. However, she only participated as an assistant and could only be regarded as the most ordinary participant. But through her understanding of these projects, she had a strong interest in the Internet.

Lin Ching-ah also asked the question that she was most concerned about: What did Kong Lingyu do?

She only knew that it was the Internet field, but she did not know anything more specific.

Only then did Kong Lingyu introduce himself. When he said the words "Easy Listening Network" and "Tieba", Lin Ching-ah was extremely surprised.

Lin Ching-ah said, "A senior manager of SoftBank's Hua Xia Capital has been paying attention to these two projects. He once mentioned it at a meeting and suggested that SoftBank make angel investments for these two projects. He is very optimistic about the development prospects of these two projects."

Kong Lingyu said, "Actually, we have already reached a preliminary Series A financing intention with Baidu."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "I heard from Xiao Ai that Baidu gave a valuation of 50 million yuan?"

"Yes."

Lin Ching-ah exclaimed, "That's amazing. In just two to three months, you managed to develop two websites to such a scale. I can't believe it."

Kong Lingyu glanced at Li Mu and smiled unnaturally. He also felt that it was amazing, but he should be the one saying this to Li Mu. Now, Li Mu wanted him to pretend to be the founder to accept Lin Ching-ah's worship. Was this really okay?

Li Mu secretly gave Kong Lingyu a look, which meant, "Don't look at me in this situation, okay?"

He had to quickly talk to this woman in front of him and let her be the vice president in charge of operations. Although she had no relevant experience, from their conversation, he could tell that this woman had a clear mind and a broad vision. She definitely had the potential to do this job well. Anyway, the company had just started, and the real market operation still needed to be explored. It was perfect to bring her in now and let her grow together with the company.

Kong Lingyu noticed the strange look in Li Mu's eyes and did not dare to stare at him anymore. Instead, he turned to Lin Qingya and said, "Miss Lin, we will be completing the company's registration in the next few days. At the same time, we will be bringing all the teams from Jinling to Yan Jing. If you are interested, I sincerely hope that everyone will be able to achieve great things together."

Lin Ching-ah hesitated for a while and nodded gently. "If you think I have the potential, then I am willing to give it a try."

Kong Lingyu heaved a sigh of relief. He was a technical man, and this kind of thing wasn't his specialty. Seeing that Lin Ching-ah had agreed, he wanted to quickly confirm the other details, so he asked, "Miss Lin, what is your expected salary?"

Lin Ching-ah hesitated for a while and said, "My expected salary is 7K (7000) per month. If the company has stock options, the salary doesn't matter, as long as it is enough for my living expenses."

Kong Lingyu didn't know how to reply.

He was also thinking about stock options in his heart. Since the company was going to become a company, the core employees should be able to get some stock options. Kong Lingyu had also calculated it himself. His psychological expectation was one point. After all, the company's valuation was 50 million, and one point of market value was 500,000. He believed in the two projects that were currently in operation, and he also believed in Li Mu's ability. Therefore, in the future, one point of market value would definitely not be able to stop at 500,000.

Kong Lingyu naturally did not know how to respond to Lin Qingya's words. Clearly, Lin Qingya had also acknowledged the potential of this project, and she also hoped to obtain some stock options. Even if she had to lower her salary to purchase them, it would be fine. Short-sighted people would only look at the monthly salary, but those with a long-term vision would already be considering how to invest in the early stages of the project.