Chapter 128

Wu Shuai watched Su Yingxue leave with Li Mu. He was very angry. Today, he wanted to get close to Su Yingxue and let her feel the meticulous care of her senior. He wanted to make her feel grateful, rely on him, and then slowly make her admire and love him. But in the end, she left before he could even get close to her.

Wu Shuai and his best friend had already made arrangements for dinner. His best friend would propose a toast to Su Yingxue at the dinner table, and he would gladly drink for her without a care in the world so that she would be grateful. Then, he would strike while the iron was hot and introduce her to the members of the student union. But now...

Sigh, it felt like he had an ambitious plan to travel around the world, but he was hit by a car as soon as he stepped out of the house. In the end, he could only go home and lie down to recover.

The attendant beside him asked, "President Wu, about the dinner tonight?"

Wu Shuai waved his hand irritably. "You guys go ahead, I'm not going!"

After saying that, Wu Shuai left resentfully. Ever since he entered the school, he had never suffered such humiliation.

On the other hand, Li Mu followed Dong Ai to a pretty good restaurant. Dong Ai asked for a private room, and then the five of them sat down in the private room. Then, Dong Ai introduced herself first. "I'm Dong Ai, a fourth-year student in the School of Economics from Pengcheng."

The three guys, Li Mu, Sun Jian, and Dou Xueli, all nodded and greeted her. However, Su Yingxue was a little surprised. "Senior Sister, you're the famous Senior Sister Ai from the School of Economics …"

Dong Ai smiled slightly. "What famous? It's just that I've been in school for a long time."

Li Mu didn't know what kind of legend Dong Ai had, nor did he know what kind of names she had. He only wanted to ask one question. "Senior Sister Ai, do you know me?"

"No, I don't." Dong Ai said with a smile.

Just as Li Mu was about to ask again, Dong Ai said, "I don't know you, but I know your sister, Chen Wan. She's my good friend from high school."

Li Mu was shocked at once. Only then did he figure out the cause and effect. When Wu Shuai was singing, he sent a message to Chen Wan, telling her that he was attending the hometown gathering. Then Dong Ai came. It should be Chen Wan who told her, right?

From what he remembered, Chen Wan, this Ms. Perfect, seemed to have attended high school in Jinling, but he didn't know which school she attended. It seemed that Dong Ai, who was from Pengcheng, had also attended high school in Jinling.

In this case, it wasn't strange that she came to find him. However, why hadn't he heard that Chen Wan had a high school classmate in the National People's Congress?

Dong Ai was also curious. She had heard from Chen Wan during the summer vacation that she seemed to have fallen in love with a boy. At that time, she was just curious. She didn't know what kind of boy Chen Wan, with her picky eyes, would fall in love with. In the end, Chen Wan told her that she actually fell in love with a boy who was three years younger than her and had just graduated from high school. After Dong Ai heard this, she didn't feel good.

For a long time, Dong Ai kept asking Chen Wan what kind of high school student she fell in love with, why she fell in love with a high school student, and what was so special about him.

Dong Ai had a lot of questions in her heart because she knew Chen Wan too well. She had a fairytale-like fantasy about love, even unrealistic. What kind of charm did a high school student have that could make her fall head over heels for him?

However, Chen Wan didn't say anything. She just told Dong Ai that the boy she liked might become her junior.

Therefore, Dong Ai waited for school to start. She always wanted to see which junior was so capable.

However, Chen Wan didn't reveal any information. She didn't even know where the freshman was from. There were more than two thousand freshmen. She couldn't filter them at all.

Until today. Twenty minutes ago, she received a text from Chen Wan. "Do you want to meet the boy I like?"

At that time, Dong Ai was reading in the library. When she received this text, she almost went crazy. She immediately called and asked, "Who is the boy you like?"

Chen Wan said, "You have to promise one thing first."

"Say it. I promise ten things."

"He has always treated me like a sister, so you can't let him know that I have that kind of feeling for him."

"Why?"

"Because I don't want to lose him, so I'm not willing to take the risk."

After hearing this, Dong Ai became even more curious about this boy. What was going on? Where did this little boy come from? How could Chen Wan be so obsessed with him and be unable to extricate herself?

After Dong Ai swore to Chen Wan, Chen Wan told her that the boy she liked was called Li Mu. He was from Haizhou and was participating in the gathering of the Southern Su Alumni Association.

Dong Ai called the president of the Alumni Association. After asking, she found out that today's event was organized by the vice president, Wu Shuai. She asked for the address and went straight to the wind shelter.

At this moment, she looked at Li Mu in front of her. There were not many comments she could give. He was handsome, but in her opinion, Li Mu was far from the top of the handsome. Other than that, she couldn't see anything else.

Moreover, Dong Ai was very curious about the girl named Su Yingxue who was with Li Mu. Although she was busy, she would sometimes go to the "One Ladle Pond" for a stroll. Naturally, she knew that this girl had recently become popular in the entire National People's Congress. And when she was with Li Mu, she was not at all as cold and arrogant as those people said on the Internet. Dong Ai even felt that she was a little like a little bird. For her to have this kind of feeling, it was not as simple as a classmate.

What did this brat do? Two super beauties treated him differently, especially Chen Wan. Dong Ai had always felt that the happiest man in the world must be the one who married Chen Wan in the future. This was something she had always been sure of, because in her eyes, Chen Wan was perfect and flawless.

Looking at Li Mu in front of her, his luck was so good that even a woman like her was a little jealous.

Before Dong Ai came, Chen Wan had told her to take care of Li Mu. Therefore, at the dinner table, Dong Ai asked Li Mu, "Are you interested in joining the Student Association?"

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Do you want to be honest?"

Sun Jian looked at Li Mu bitterly and said, "Li Mu, do you know how many people want to join the Student Association as a freshman?"

Li Mu smiled and said to Dong Ai, "Senior Sister Dong Ai, please help us get the oldest guy in our dorm in."

Dong Ai's expression was a little sluggish.

What the hell, I'm here to give you a favor, okay? Even if you don't want it, don't use this kind of Heaven and Earth Great Shift.

Sun Jian's face was full of surprise. He knew that it was his first time meeting Dong Ai, and she wouldn't give him such a big favor, so he hurriedly waved his hand and said, "I'm not interested."

Li Mu said with a straight face, "See, I'm going to criticize you. You're too hypocritical. What did you say about me just now?

Say, this is something that many people can only dream of. What, you're not interested either? "

Sun Jian immediately panicked, "Aiya, I-I didn't, I'm not …"

Li Mu ignored him and said to Dong Ai with a smile, "Senior Sister Dong Ai, take it seriously. After it's done, I'll treat you to a big meal."

Dong Ai suddenly felt that Li Mu was a little special. He had an unusual calmness about him, and with just a few words, it would be hard for her to refuse.

Gritting her teeth, Dong Ai said, "Okay!

Sun Jian, go back and write an application. Remember to focus on your experience as a class leader in high school. If you don't have it, just make it up, no one will check it. It's best if you can exaggerate and then give me the application after you come back from the National Day holiday. It's a little inappropriate to recruit a new student at the start of school in September. "

When Sun Jian heard this, he didn't refuse anymore and hurriedly nodded, "Thank you, Senior Sister Dong Ai."

Dong Ai rolled her eyes at Li Mu, "Thank him."

Didn't you want to give a favor? Senior Sister will help you.

Sun Jian looked at Li Mu gratefully, and Li Mu gave him a look, which meant that there was no need to thank each other between brothers.

Sun Jian understood tacitly.

After the meal, Dong Ai was a little unhappy, but she didn't show it. She wasn't angry at Li Mu, and it wasn't that she didn't want to help Sun Jian. She just felt that this kid was too cunning, and she felt like she was being schemed against by him. Although it wasn't a big deal, she still felt a little unhappy.

After the meal, Dong Ai asked for Li Mu's phone number. At the same time, Li Mu didn't forget to remind Sun Jian to exchange numbers with him. Dou Xueli was a fellow from the same hometown that Li Mu had just met. They just chatted for a while and liked each other, so they didn't have much of a relationship, so he didn't make Dong Ai worry.

The five of them returned to school together. Dong Ai didn't go to the dormitory area, but went to the library to get something. It was said that she left in a hurry and left her bag with the library staff.

Li Mu exchanged numbers with Dou Xueli, and then separated from him and Sun Jian. He first sent Su Yingxue back to the female dormitory.

On the way back, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Why did you reject Senior Sister Ai's kindness?

If you enter the Student Union, there will be a lot of benefits in the future. "

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Why did you reject Wu Shuai?"

Su Yingxue said, "I'm not interested in the Student Union, and I have some dislike for him."

Li Mu smiled and replied, "I'm not interested in the Student Union either, but I don't have any dislike for Senior Sister Ai."

"Senior Sister Ai is quite amazing."

Su Yingxue said, "I heard about her when I first came here. She's the most amazing female student in our dormitory, and even the most amazing female student in the National People's Congress."

Li Mu smiled. Ever since he came to Beijing, he realized that there were top students everywhere. Those in the University of Beijing's female dormitory were also top students, and those in the National People's Congress were also top students. Damn, it was as if anyone in the school was a top student. But thinking about it, these schools were all ranked top in the country, and there were too few people who were not top students who could get in. Not everyone was as lucky as him.

Su Yingxue's dormitory was in the first building of the fourth courtyard. Male students could enter the fourth courtyard, but every dormitory had a dormitory guard, and in most cases, male students were not allowed to enter.

Li Mu sent Su Yingxue to the first building, but he realized that there were many male students standing in front of the building. This was a little strange, because these male students were all alone, and they were not here to meet their girlfriends.

Seeing that Su Yingxue had arrived, these male students' eyes were fixed on Su Yingxue. Li Mu even saw someone take out a love letter from his pocket, and another one was even more interesting. It was folded into a very exquisite square, and it was obviously an expensive kind with all kinds of pictures on it.

However, under the streetlight, Su Yingxue was not alone. Beside her was Li Mu, who had both hands in his pocket. In an instant, all the love letters that they took out were stuffed back into their pockets, and the steps that they took out started to retreat.