Chapter 594

There is a sentence in Tanaka Yoshiki's work that Li Mu particularly likes, which is: My journey is the sea of stars.

Between the stars and the sea, one was the vast universe, while the other was the vastest and most profound existence on Earth. Both were indicative of the endless future and the long road ahead. It was the same for Li Mu. The Internet was his sea of stars in the future, and he hadn't even finished building the ship yet, so how could he be satisfied with everything in front of him?

Chen Wan is not a very enterprising woman, but after meeting Li Mu, she was forced by him step by step to become a strong woman, so Chen Wan also understands Li Mu's pursuit of the future. This big boy will keep running like Forrest Gump. Unless he wants to one day, no one can make him stop.

Thinking of Li Mu's courage to move forward regardless of everything, Chen Wan felt that she had just thought too far away and too unrealistic, so she laughed at herself, shook her head, and talked to him about work. In her opinion, Li Mu should be more interested in talking about work.

It just so happens that Chen Wan also wants to tell Li Mu some things about her work, and let him give her some comments or suggestions.

For example, at present, the burden on Chen Wan's shoulders is very heavy. Li Xiang has confirmed that she will leave Xiangnan Satellite TV. She has lost interest in the field of hosting and wants to develop film and television entertainment in Yanjing. The program team of "Happy Camp" can't keep her for too long. At present, they have begun to look for a new female host, so that she can match with Chen Wan in the future. The position of the station is also very clear. In the future, Chen Wan will be the core of the female host of "Happy Camp", so if they recruit a new host, they mainly have to ask for her opinion.

Chen Wan said that at present, the program team hopes that she will choose a suitable partner, but Chen Wan has not found a suitable candidate among several candidates for a long time. However, Li Xiang means that she will leave Xiangnan Satellite TV in a month or two at most. Including the cycle of the newcomer handover, there is not much time left for the program team, and it is even a little urgent.

Li Mu's view on this is that "Happy Camp" does not necessarily need two female hosts. On the contrary, Li Mu thinks that one female host is enough, and it can focus more attention on Chen Wan.

However, Chen Wan feels that if she is asked to partner with He Wan and Li Weijia to support the whole show, it will be really stressful. What's more, a few days ago, the station talked to her and He Wan, revealing their intention to do a talent show. They hope that they can carry the burden of hosting. In that case, Chen Wan will be completely busy. Now, she only needs to work in Xiangdu for about ten days a month. If Li Xiang leaves, there will no new partner in place, and the talent show will start again, it is estimated that she will have to work in Xiangdu for at least twenty days a month.

When Li Mu heard about the talent show, he asked curiously, "What kind of talent show is Xiangnan Satellite TV going to do?"

Chen Wan said, "The leader's intention is to make a singing talent show, and it will be open to the entire country. But this is just a general idea. As for how it will be run and what kind of format it will be run, they haven't decided yet."

Li Mu asked her, "If the production company has a good model for the talent show, will your station consider cooperating?"

Chen Wan asked, "Production company?

How do we cooperate? "

Li Mu said, "It is up to the production company to formulate the operation model of the whole talent show. At the same time, the production company participates in publicity, promotion, production and distribution to a certain extent, and then shares the profits with the TV station in proportion."

Chen Wan said, "I haven't heard of this. Is there such a cooperation model?

It seems that the variety shows and talent shows of TV stations are produced independently, and there are few cooperation with external companies on the production side. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "There is a first time for everything. Why don't we, Makino Image, come up with a plan for a talent show and meet with your station leaders? If they are interested, we can produce a nationwide talent show together. Makino Technology can provide very strong online support, publicity, registration, warm-up and even voting."

Chen Wan said, "Do you have a general idea? Let me hear it."

Li Mu said, "At present, there is a general idea, but it is not very mature. It is probably to do a singer talent show specifically for young women."

"Ah?" Chen Wan asked in surprise, "Why do you want to do a singer talent show specifically for women?

Wouldn't it be better if there were no gender restrictions? "

Li Mu said with a smile, "The bigger and more complicated it is, the more difficult it is to do well. Most of the young people who dream of being a star are girls. So if there is a talent show specifically for girls, it will not only attract female contestants from the model, but also give female contestants an illusion that without the participation of men, their competition will be reduced by half. This way, more young women will participate, and it will also attract the attention of more female audiences. The most important thing is that although male contestants are sacrificed, because they are all female contestants, they can attract more male audiences, so on the whole, it will have a good effect."

Chen Wan tilted her head and thought about it. She nodded in agreement. "I think what you said is very reasonable …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "When the time comes, we will choose a few big cities in the country as the divisions. Each division will start from the auditions until the division's top 100, 80 out of 100, 50 out of 50, and 40 out of 50. Finally, we will drag the last few contestants selected from the major divisions to Xiangdu for the finals. The finals will be the same as the divisions. It will not be decided in one or two matches, but will be eliminated bit by bit. At the same time, we will plan for the audience to support the local contestants. It will be best to arouse the competitive spirit of the fans, let the fans mobilize more people to pay attention to it, and completely turn the talent show into a national cultural symbol and label."

Chen Wan's brain could not keep up with the rhythm. Li Mu's plan was indeed a little too big for the current television industry. At present, variety shows were basically only local influence. There were only a few that could achieve national influence. It was the same for talent shows. The structure that Li Mu had planned was simply too huge. If it was a division system, it would be a long process from the auditions to the division to select the winners. After the division had selected the winners, these winners would be brought to Xiangdu for the finals. Wouldn't the entire competition be broadcast on television for half a year or even longer?

This cycle was a little too long.

Faced with Chen Wan's question, Li Mu said, "The half-year cycle is not considered long. If we really want to do it, the auditions will start during the winter break. Then, we will stabilize the rhythm and push forward bit by bit. The last finals will be controlled to be around the middle of August. That would be perfect. It will span the winter and summer break and slowly penetrate the hearts of the people in the country, so that they will pay more and more attention to this competition and the contestants. It will be nurtured all the way until the summer break. Its influence will definitely be unprecedented."

Chen Wan exclaimed, "This kind of investment should be very amazing."

Li Mu said with a smile, "If the advertising bidding is cashed out in advance, the cash investment of the program will not be large, and even profits can be received at the beginning of the preparation. However, the investment in resources will be slightly larger. Human and material resources are one aspect. If we cooperate, your station must ensure that there will be two hours or more of schedule on weekend nights every week, and continue to broadcast this talent show. I will also use the online resources of Makino Technology to continue to promote this talent show, so that the influence of this talent show will become greater and greater."

Chen Wan couldn't help saying, "For Xiangnan Satellite TV, if the plan of this talent show is really great, they must have the manpower and material resources to do this, but do you have the energy to do this kind of thing?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I'm afraid I don't have the energy to participate in it personally, but I will provide the plan in the early stage, and I will provide the resources in the middle and late stage, as well as how to integrate the resources and improve the influence. The specific implementation will definitely be done by my people and you. I won't participate specifically."

Chen Wan nodded. "That's good. Otherwise, I don't want you to have more trouble."

Li Mu said, "My mind is not on this. I just want to take this opportunity to broaden the future development of Makino Image. If you meet good talent in variety program planning, execution and public relations, you can introduce them to me. In the future, Makino Image will continue to need talents in this area."

Chen Wan said, "Okay, I'll keep an eye out for you."

Li Mu wanted to bring out the Super Girl model first. Super Girl was born in 2004 and reached its peak in 2005. It was not an exaggeration to say that the entire nation watched Super Girl, and the way in which Super Girl was operated was also very innovative at that time. It used all sorts of PK, voting, elimination, and revival settings, and even opened up a voting channel via text message to incite the fanatical fans to get votes for their idol. In real life, there would often be a fan who called all the relatives in the family who had cell phones and asked them to vote for their idol. In an instant, every single fan became a publicity machine, and so the influence of Super Girl was constantly pushed to its peak. The viewership ratings for the 2005 Super Girl finals also became the highest viewership ratings for Hua Xia's talent show and variety show. For the next ten years, no other show could compare to it.

Moreover, Super Girl was also a talent show that was the closest to 2002. If he brought it over now, it would not cause too much of a problem. On the contrary, if he brought the model of The Voice of Hua Xia over now, Li Mu would be worried that it would not achieve the desired effect. This was because The Voice of Hua Xia's most famous and unique model was the "Rotating Coach Chair" model. The audience would only be interested in this new model after they had seen a lot of talent shows where the judges directly faced the contestants. But the current audience was very naive, and the content they experienced was also very monotonous. They would probably find any talent show interesting, so if he brought out The Voice of Hua Xia now, it would be a waste.