Chapter 1603

That night in London, the news of Prince William's visit to the Manchester City Club spread like wildfire.

Twitter also pushed the news to the top of the trending list throughout the United Kingdom. The photos taken by the royal photographers were carefully selected and posted on Twitter, and were viewed and liked by countless British netizens.

Prince William had been very active in front of the British people recently, but this did not arouse the public's disgust. Instead, it continued to enhance the public's good impression of him.

The Manchester City Club had not performed very well before, but at the beginning of the season, they immediately became the most talked about team in the entire Premier League.

At first, when it was revealed that Li Mu had bought the club, the whole United Kingdom began to pay attention;

Then, Manchester City's signing broke out a huge scandal at Manchester United, so that Sir Alex Ferguson was completely dismissed;

And now, Prince William had made a special trip to Manchester to visit the team, once again sending the team to the forefront of public opinion.

What was more noteworthy was that the Manchester City team had performed very well in both games this season. The new young player, Cristiano Ronaldo, also performed very well. He was also tall and handsome. After winning an MVP in his debut, he immediately attracted the attention of many female fans.

Due to the time difference, Li Mu did not get the news from Li Ziwei's phone call until he got up the next day.

After learning that William had made a special trip to the Manchester City Club to visit, Li Mu also felt that the Windsor family would do something. They did not need anyone's advice to return the favor.

Li Mu was also well aware that his invitation to William to visit Makino Technology in Hua Xia was a great opportunity for William. That was why the Windsor family was so anxious to return the favor in the United Kingdom.

He liked to deal with people like the Windsor family. In Hua Xia's words, they had good eyesight and knew when to do what, and did not need anyone to remind them at all. If they could do this, they could already be regarded as a quality partner.

In addition, Li Ziwei also told Li Mu that yesterday's ratings of "Life Longing for" broke the record of Xiangnan Satellite TV's variety show, and even the super high ratings of the Super Girl finals were overtaken.

This was not only because the show itself had rising ratings, but also because of the emergence of Li Mu, the traffic overlord, which gave the show a shot of adrenaline.

Yesterday's Li Mu special of "Life Longing for" not only set a new record in the ratings, but also achieved a further breakthrough in the program's reputation. It could be said that it was the most popular variety show in the history of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

The outstanding results of "Life Longing for" made other satellite TV stations envious and jealous. At the same time, these satellite TV stations also paid attention to Makino Image's strength in creating variety shows.

Whether it is "Super Girl" or "Life Longing for", they are jointly created by Makino Image and Xiangnan Satellite TV. Although it is said to be jointly created, the industry knows that the framework, model and copyright of the program are in the hands of Makino Image. In other words, these two variety shows are, in the final analysis, produced by Makino Image.

Two variety shows, one more popular than the other, other satellite TV stations are also eager to start the same cooperation with Makino Image. According to the feedback from Makino Image, more than a dozen satellite TV stations have contacted this morning, hoping to talk about cooperation face to face.

Li Mu immediately instructed the person in charge of Makino Image to concentrate on meeting with these satellite TV stations one after another, to understand the actual needs of the other party, and then to understand the sincerity of the other party's cooperation. On the one hand, this can be more screening, on the other hand, it can also put a little more pressure on Xiangnan Satellite TV. If they want to continue to cooperate with him in the future, one of the prerequisites is to learn to cut more meat.

… …

The next day, two more good news came from Britain that surprised Li Mu.

The first good news was that Manchester City played against Blackburn Rovers in an away game yesterday. Prince William was there to watch the game and entered the players' lounge three times before the game, during the halftime and after the game to cheer the players on.

The second good news was that Manchester City beat Blackburn Rovers by a big score of 4 to 0 to reap their third win of the season and achieve three consecutive wins.

In this game, Ronaldo, who was in the starting lineup, played perfectly.

He broke into the penalty area in the first half to create a penalty and personally took the shot to open the scoring for the team.

Originally, he was not the penalty taker in the team. Under normal circumstances, even if he created the penalty, the team should have already set a point to ask for help from the player to take the penalty. However, the manager deliberately made adjustments before the start of the game today and let Ronaldo take the penalty and place kick in the front field.

The reason for this arrangement was, on the one hand, because Blackburn Rovers' strength was really at the bottom of the league and they were basically guaranteed to win, so there was no need to be too cautious in tactics. On the other hand, it was to give Ronaldo more chances to score.

The MVP award in the last game was a fantastic start for Ronaldo in the Premier League. After all, he did not play in the game during those days at Manchester United. Therefore, the game for Manchester City was his Premier League debut.

With such a fantastic start, the player's confidence and enthusiasm were greatly improved. If he could score in his second individual game, it would be a better boost to his form.

In the first half of the game, Ronaldo dribbled the ball quickly into the penalty area and was pulled down by the opposing defender at the edge of the penalty area. Then the referee did not hesitate to award a penalty. Ronaldo then stood near the penalty spot and calmly shot a powerful shot, easily scoring.

Towards the end of the first half, Ronaldo dribbled the ball from the side and sped up. He made two feints in front of the penalty area to attract the attention of the opposing three defenders. Then he sent a precise pass to his teammate who suddenly plugged in. His teammate did not even stop the ball and directly lifted his foot to shoot, sending the ball into the net.

Ronaldo's performance in the first half was particularly dazzling with a goal and an assist.

Then in the second half, Ronaldo's form did not decline at all. He repeatedly created dangerous situations in front of the opponent's goal, causing headaches for the opposing defenders and goalkeepers.

However, because the opposing manager made tactical adjustments at halftime, Ronaldo was closely watched by the opposing players in the second half, so he had not been able to score.

In the 65th minute of the second half, the Manchester City team got a corner kick. The corner kick went straight to the penalty area. One of the Manchester City center forwards, Carp, rushed to the top and headed the ball into the opponent's goal.

3 to 0!

Manager Kevin Keegan relaxed a lot when he saw that the score had expanded to 3 to 0. Then he let Dong Fangzhuo come on as a substitute in the 70th minute of the second half.

This was the first time in the history of the Premier League that a team had two Hua Xia players on the field at the same time, which could be said to have set a record.

Dong Fangzhuo's physical fitness could be said to be top-notch among the Hua Xia players. Even in Europe, he could be regarded as above average. Moreover, he came on as a substitute in the 70th minute of the game, so when he came on the field, he was not stingy with his physical strength at all. He ran and fought very actively. His drive alone was eye-catching.

However, because Dong Fangzhuo was not familiar with the players on the team, everyone subconsciously did not think of passing the ball to him in the first place, so he had fewer opportunities to take the ball.

The turnaround happened in the 88th minute.

In the 88th minute, Dong Fangzhuo, near the centerline in the backfield, successfully stole the ball from the feet of the opposing player with a very beautiful tackle.

Then, Dong Fangzhuo stood up and played to his speed and physical advantage, dribbling the ball and running wildly.

At this time, the opposing players, who had already lost three goals, had already pressed forward as a whole. They had no hope of winning the game, but they hoped to score a face-saving goal before the end.

Because of this mentality, there were only four defenders left in the opponent's backfield, and two of them were very close to the centerline. When Dong Fangzhuo successfully stole the ball and desperately sped up, it was too late for the two players to chase back.

Ronaldo's sense of smell was very sharp. The moment he saw Dong Fangzhuo steal the ball, he immediately turned his head and ran in the direction of the opponent's penalty area. This was Ronaldo's instinctive reaction. The moment he saw his own player tackle the ball, most of the players were waiting to see if the ball could be shoveled. If it was shoveled, the opposing defender would immediately return to defend. If it was not shoveled, their own players would not rashly attack the opponent's half of the field.

However, Ronaldo was a step faster than them. When he saw Dong Fangzhuo shoveling, he immediately ran to the opponent's penalty area. In this way, if Dong Fangzhuo successfully stole the ball, he would be a step faster than the opposing defender. Even if Dong Fangzhuo failed to steal the ball, as a striker, his defense would not be affected because of this. After all, he was not a defensive player.

When Dong Fangzhuo ran quickly and overtook the opposing two defenders, there were only two defenders left in front of him and the goalkeeper.

When the two defenders saw the opponent steal the ball and counterattack, they suddenly became nervous. Their eyes were fixed on Dong Fangzhuo, and they were ready to attack while judging the direction of Dong Fangzhuo's breakthrough.

At this moment, Ronaldo raised his right hand high and began to break through the direction of the penalty area from the other side.

He and Dong Fangzhuo, one on the left and one on the right, attacked from both sides of the penalty area. They took the "eight" route. There were only two defenders in the opponent's penalty area, so at this time, their attention was all on Dong Fangzhuo's feet, and they basically completely ignored Ronaldo.

Because of this, Ronaldo raised his right hand high and asked for the ball.

Dong Fangzhuo hesitated for a moment the moment he saw Ronaldo ask for the ball.

He thought to himself that he would dribble the ball into the penalty area and then find a chance to shoot. If he could score a goal in his Premier League debut, steal the ball, dribble the ball, break through, shoot, and score, he could also usher in a dream start to the Premier League.

However, the closer he got to the penalty area, the more worried Dong Fangzhuo became.

He was worried that he would not be able to avoid the two defenders in front of him. He was also worried that he would not be able to get past them.

At this time, he saw Ronaldo's position again. He found that Ronaldo ran with his hand raised and turned his head to look at him. He was completely ready to take the ball.

Dong Fangzhuo struggled a little in his heart and suddenly made a feint to shoot. Then, while the two opposing defenders were deceived, he immediately passed the ball to Ronaldo, who was almost at the edge of the penalty area.

When Ronaldo received the ball with his calf, half of the opponent's penalty area was already empty. For their defenders, it was too late for them to focus and rush over to put out the fire. Therefore, he did not hesitate to adjust the shooting angle and suddenly shot a powerful and heavy shot …

The ball rushed straight into the net. 4: 0