Chapter 930

The total word count of this book has already exceeded three million, and it has entered a new stage. Congratulations, I never thought that I could actually write a book with three million words!!!

The author's platform shows that I have updated 225,000 words this month. Based on 31 days, that's an average of 7200 words per day, and two 6K + chapters per day. I have maintained a very good pace, and I am very pleased.

I am pleased that as a 996 IT dog, even if I have to work until one or two o 'clock every day, or even later, I have never slacked off on the issue of updating. I am really giving it my all.

My efforts are rewarded. To be honest, I am already very satisfied with getting eighth place in the monthly votes this month, and I am very grateful for everyone's support for No Song.

I am a person who lacks a sense of security when it comes to my career. Although I have some achievements in my writing, I do not dare to slack off at all. I do not dare to blindly go full-time just because I have earned some money from writing. Therefore, I choose to work hard.

Therefore, every time I work late into the night, I encourage myself like this: Do not complain, do not complain of bitterness, and do not complain of tiredness. Bitterness and tiredness are my own choices. Moreover, my bitterness and tiredness have not been wasted. There have always been many readers who have supported the original novel, and they have used their actions to bring me rewards for my hardships and tiredness!

Thank you, it's your genuine subscription that gives me the motivation to persevere. That's why I've been immersing myself in writing all this time. I don't care about anything unrelated to writing, and I don't worry about it. I put all my energy into this book.

Regarding this book, I only have three thoughts in my mind:

First, write well, write to the end, do not leave it unfinished, and be responsible for your own dreams and hard work.

Second, write hard, ensure quality, and try to write as much as possible. Be responsible for all the readers who subscribe to this book, reward this book, and vote for this book.

Third, write with all your might, and be responsible for your own income and future quality of life.

Having said all this, I sincerely hope that all my readers can try their best to support the original novel, because every subscription you give is the greatest respect to me and this book. Every subscription you give is a drop of blood that runs through the lifeline of this book, and brings nutrients to this book's survival, growth, and success!