Chapter 606

The full version of "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" first reached the hands of Rolling Stone Records, Mo Wenwei, and Zhang Guorong. Li Mu did not give the copyright of this song to Rolling Stone, but he needed Rolling Stone to send this song to the Longhu List of Chinese Songs of Hong Kong Radio Station in his own name, which was also the most important list of Hong Kong music.

Before entering the list, Rolling Stone, Mo Wenwei, and Zhang Guorong naturally listened to this song. As Li Mu expected, these three parties gave a very high evaluation of this song sung by Du Wei and praised it.

If Li Mu objectively evaluated Du Wei's singing strength of "Next Stop Heavenly Queen", if compared with the original singer in his previous life, it was not just one level higher. Du Wei was equivalent to Dou Wei's version of "Shame". The original singer group in his previous life should be regarded as a combination of Zhou Xiaoou and Sun Nan. The gap between them was self-evident.

Not only did they give a very high evaluation of this song and Du Wei's singing skills, but even the focus of this song was also favored by these three parties. This song was written in the local atmosphere of Hong Kong, and it was in Cantonese. It would definitely make Hong Kong listeners feel intimate and deeply touched. It was really suitable to be used to enter the list in Hong Kong. It was even more suitable to be used as Du Wei's first Cantonese song and the first song to enter the Hong Kong market.

After listening to "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" several times, Zhang Guorong and Mo Wenwei both called Du Wei. On the one hand, they highly praised her song, and on the other hand, they expressed their optimism about Du Wei's future development in Hong Kong.

Du Wei's song officially entered the list the next day after the song was given to Rolling Stone.

The next morning, the host of RTHK recommended this song for the first time in the program of New Songs Express. When introducing this song, the host said, "The next song is a new work of a new singer. The singer's name is Du Wei, a beautiful 18-year-old girl. Speaking of her new song, I believe that everyone in Hong Kong or living in Hong Kong will have a very familiar feeling after hearing it. In this song, there is not only the desire for love and the pursuit of dreams, but also many familiar places. The whole song is full of Hong Kong flavor. In short, this song will definitely make you like it. Well, please listen to Du Wei's new Cantonese song — 'Next Stop Heavenly Queen'."

Even though Hong Kong's economy and entertainment were more developed than that of the mainland, there were still not many entertainment programs in 2002. The influence of RTHK was very great, especially in the field of music. Its influence was far greater than that of TV stations. Millions of people listened to or passively listened to music stations all the time. Therefore, when Du Wei's "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" was sung on RTHK, countless people in front of the radio were listening to it attentively.

"Standing in front of Big Maru, looking at my road carefully

Next station to Heavenly Queen, of course it's best

But on the gorgeous journey to the stars, once you are afraid of heights

Will he hug you from behind

Lovers in Budd New Street

There is a kind of pride on your face

Let me sing on the stage may not be better

People are not angry at soap bubbles "

The first line of the song caught the ears of the Hong Kong audience. The first two lines contained three places unique to Hong Kong, giving the Hong Kong audience a different feeling of familiarity. Following that, a story gradually unfolded with the lyrics. The image of a girl who was determined to become a female star and to start a singing career gradually became clear. Her pursuit of dreams and longing for love were also shown to the audience through the lyrics. The whole song not only gave people a feeling of familiarity, comfort, but also inspiration and touching.

The influence of the song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" on the people of Hong Kong was basically the same as the influence of Wang Feng's "Yan Jing Yan Jing" on the people of Yan Jing and the people who drifted in Yan Jing. Those who listened to "Yan Jing Yan Jing" were either Yan Jing people or Beijing drifters. It was the same for those who sang "Yan Jing Yan Jing" in the KTV. For those who had never lived in Yan Jing, even if they listened to and sang this song, it was difficult for them to understand the touching aspect of this song.

Overall, this was a particularly clever work, so when Du Wei's song was broadcast on the radio, it became popular almost immediately.

Many listeners called the program to ask about Du Wei and where they could buy this album. As a result, the host said in the live broadcast, "Du Wei is 18 years old this year. She is a top student at the Central Conservatory of Music in the mainland. This song is her new single, and she hasn't released an album yet. But friends who like this song don't worry. This song has now officially started to hit the charts on the radio. If you like this song, please call or send us a message to support it. We will often play this song on the radio in the future."

At noon of the same day, Mo Wenwei attended a local event in Hong Kong. When she was interviewed by a reporter, she deliberately recommended Du Wei's song "The Next Stop, The Heavenly Queen". Mo Wenwei praised this song so much that even the entertainment news reported Mo Wenwei's admiration for Du Wei in a very surprising tone.

Later that day, Zhang Guorong unexpectedly visited the music radio station and made a special 20-minute live broadcast on the radio station. In the live broadcast, he talked with the host about the development of Hong Kong's music industry in the past two years, talked about the lack of new forces, and finally talked about Du Wei. Zhang Guorong was not stingy with his praise. He even praised Du Wei's strength with words such as "a clear spring in the entertainment circle," "a rare academic in the pop music circle," "a singer who can really sing," and so on. With this veteran star on the platform, Hong Kong people paid more attention to Du Wei and Du Wei's new song. Du Wei also began to become popular in Hong Kong.

A large number of users called to request this song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen." It was unprecedentedly popular. The radio station had played it five times in one day. Even so, many people kept calling to play it again.

It was so popular on the first day. Based on experience, the people of Rolling Stone believed that this song would soon appear in the top ten of the chart. Because the chart would only be updated the next day, they would not know the details until tomorrow.

The chart's statistical cycle was one week. That is to say, its real-time statistics were based on a week's time. Although "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" was very popular today, if it was averaged over seven days, its ranking would definitely be affected. However, as time went by, the closer it was to seven days, the higher its ranking would be. After seven days, it and other songs on the chart would be calculated for the last seven days. At that time, this song might be able to reach the top. As for how long it could stay at the top, it would depend on how high the song's popularity continued.

Before the next day, Li Mu gathered the person in charge of Tieba, as well as the operation and business team of Makino Technology, to discuss the next step of the star joining Tieba, as well as the mode and process of promoting through all channels.

The overall model and logic had been basically figured out by Li Mu, so this time he mainly spoke out his ideas and let everyone brainstorm. If there were better suggestions, everyone would modify and perfect it together. Then, they would decide on a model and start implementing it.

The person in charge of Tieba was an operation manager of a large enterprise, Zhang Wei, who was poached by Lin Ching-ah. He was mainly responsible for the daily operation of Tieba. Once the star joining Tieba was put into operation, Zhang Wei would be responsible for the overall operation.

The reason why Tieba could succeed in the beginning was that it relied on the first unified star Tieba and the group of fans gathered on Easy Listening. Although Tieba had been the largest Chinese community for more than half a year, it had not been able to raise its value to a higher level. Therefore, this time, Li Mu's star joining Tieba plan was supported by all the staff as soon as it was put forward.

The concept of promoting through all channels was also very much in line with the chain built by the three companies, Makino Technology, Easy Listening Technology, and Taobao. Moreover, there was already a successful case of Mo Wenwei, so everyone had no doubt about its feasibility and its attraction to singers.

Zhang Wei had no objections to Li Mu's plan. After listening to all of Li Mu's plans, he only asked one question, "Li Zong, how many times can we do this kind of promotion through all channels in a month?"

Li Mu said, "The most important part of the promotion is YY. YY is the core of all the products of our Makino Technology. YY pop-up windows will not only serve Tieba, so we can't take up too much YY resources. For the time being, we will promote through all channels once a week."

Zhang Wei nodded. Once a week was enough. In a year, they could promote at least fifty times. With so many resources to share, it was still very attractive to singers. Ding Jian said, "I suggest that we introduce a detailed weighting calculation method for certified stars in Tieba.

Ding Jian said, "I suggest that we, the Tieba forum, introduce a detailed weighting calculation method for certified celebrities. For example, how much weight will be given if they log in once a day, and how much weight will be given if they log in continuously. Also, how much weight will be given if they post a post, and how much weight will be given if they add a photo to the post. Also, how much weight will be given if they reply to their fans. This way, we can subtly influence those celebrities and make them participate more and more."

Li Mu agreed and said, "It is very important to come up with a weighting calculation method, but there is one thing to be clear about. We can reveal the weighting calculation method to the record company, but we cannot show the specific numbers to the record company and the stars. Otherwise, once they compare the scores with each other, it will be over. It is impossible for us to really arrange for the promotion through all channels according to this weighting. Who we give all channels to must depend on who is more suitable and cooperative, and whether the company they are in is more proactive and proactive."

Zhang Wei said, "Li Zong, don't worry. I will explain the rules to them so that they can only try their best to participate and increase the weighting. However, I will not give them any data that can be used as a reference!"