Chapter 1691

When Bill Gates heard Li Mu said he wants to sell Weibo and Twitter, he felt he was being pranked.

Weibo and Twitter were now at the peak of their popularity, and all the Internet companies were envious of them. Who would be willing to sell them?

So, Bill Gates said to Li Mu unhappily. "Li Zong, you are joking. Selling Weibo and Twitter is not your style!"

Li Mu saw Bill Gates does not believe him and said seriously. "Mr. Gates, let me tell you something from the bottom of my heart. Look at all my businesses. Which one of them is not a hen that lays golden eggs?"

Bill Gates's face turned black.

He felt that Li Mu was here to show off.

Or, he was here to provoke Bill Gates.

Li Mu saw Bill Gates keeping quiet and continued. "Mr. Gates, although what I said is a bit forceful, this is the truth. Am I right?"

Bill Gates laughed. "Yes, yes, yes. Li Zong's projects are all top-notch, and every one of them is a hen that lays golden eggs."

As he spoke, Bill Gates pondered for a moment and found that Li Mu was not bragging.

What businesses did not make money from?

He had created a few lousy games like farming and killing zombies, and it became popular all over the world. Even his wife had spent money on these games behind his back.

The rest of his businesses were even more profitable. YY had made a lot of money from its value-added services, and the rest of his businesses were not only big, but also profitable.

Li Mu continued. "Mr. Gates, if you can't even bear to kill your chickens, then no matter how many eggs you lay, you will not have meat to eat, right?

Take me for example. My net worth is not low, but I do not have much money. "

Li Mu sighed and continued. "I am different from you. For example, both of us are worth 50 billion USD, and your actual assets are worth at least half of it. What about me?

My assets are all the company's shares, and I do not have much cash!

Microsoft had been listed for so many years, and you had been selling off your shares and converting them into money. "

Bill Gates smiled and said, "Li Zong, you are too humble. Your actual net worth is at least several times that of mine."

"Boring."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "It doesn't matter how much wealth I have. I want to get a few billion dollars in cash so that I can buy everything, buy everything, buy the sky, buy the earth, buy the air, but do I have that?

No. "

Bill Gates said, "You can wait for Makino Technology to go public, slowly reduce your shares and cash out bit by bit."

"That's too slow."

Li Mu said, "In order to stabilize the stock price, Nasdaq won't let me reduce my holdings on a large scale. I can only do it bit by bit."

Bill Gates continued, "Then you can trade your shares privately. For example, when you have a market value of 100 billion dollars.

You can sell 10% of your shares for 7 or 8 billion USD to big capital. "

Li Mu said, "Then I will lose 2 to 30% of my shares."

Bill Gates said calmly, "You want to sell off your shares quickly, and this is the price you have to pay. It's reasonable. If you can find investors who are interested in you, you can still ask for a higher price."

Li Mu waved his hand. "Boring. I don't like to be taken advantage of."

Then, Li Mu added, "So, back to what I said just now, I have so many chickens at home, but I don't have any to eat. Why don't I choose one and slaughter it for meat?"

Bill Gates asked in shock. "You want to sell your Weibo and Twitter now?"

"Wait a while more."

Li Mu said. "I want to sell my Weibo and Twitter in the second half of next year. But if the price is right, I can sell them earlier. Bill Gates said," You will be listed by then, and there will be many restrictions on you. If you sell your Weibo and Twitter, you might face restrictions, and you will have to share the profits with the shareholders. "

Li Mu said, "Why are you so naive?"

Then he gestured and said, "Look, before I go public, I will first separate Weibo and Twitter and set up a separate company. Then the shareholding structure of Weibo and Twitter will completely copy the current shareholding structure of Makino Technology. It will be completely separated from Makino Technology."

Bill Gates said in surprise, "You want to separate Weibo and Twitter from Makino Technology first, and then let Makino Technology go public?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's right. In this way, if I sell Weibo and Twitter, I can get a share of the money directly into my pocket. No one can control me, and NASDAQ has no right to interfere with how I handle another project that hasn't been listed."

A glint flashed in Bill Gates' eyes. "That's a suitable method of operation, but do your shareholders agree?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I have absolute control of my company, and the other shareholders also have a concerted action agreement with me. The company's overall strategy is completely up to me."

Bill Gates' desire for social interaction was once again ignited by Li Mu's words.

He felt that Weibo and Twitter were very good platforms. To be able to create such a platform, it could be said to be a great success in social interaction. If he could take over this platform and use it to incubate some other products and projects, it might be possible to create an ecosystem.

Thinking about it this way, it was worth it …

So Bill Gates asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what is the approximate price of Weibo and Twitter? Is it convenient for you to tell me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can't be sure about this. It mainly depends on the situation next year. When I sell it, I will add a certain premium to the market valuation. After all, as you know, this platform is still very good."

Bill Gates nodded. He was already looking forward to it. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, if you're ready to make a move, you can contact me. I really like Weibo and Twitter."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Sure. Let's talk when the time comes."

Bill Gates felt that if Li Mu really wants to sell Weibo and Twitter next year, he must think of a way to acquire it and use the opportunity to develop Microsoft's social network. Also, with Weibo and Twitter, a news platform can also be incubated.

Bill Gates believes that at that time, Li Mu will regret selling Weibo and Twitter.

Li Mu was also thinking in his heart. He must sell Weibo and Twitter to Microsoft at a good price. When he gets the money, he will immediately go on Facebook and make Weibo and Twitter obsolete.

He believed that at that time, Bill Gates would regret it to the point that his intestines would turn green.

… …

The lights in the venue dimmed, and all the lights were focused on the stage and the red carpet. The inauguration ceremony is about to start.

Li Mu and Bill Gates, who each had their own ulterior motives, also stopped chatting and focused on the inauguration ceremony.

A man said excitedly, "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming to this grand and solemn ceremony. Next, let us welcome the 38th governor of California, United States of America, Arnold Schwarzenegger!"

The crowd burst into applause, and the spotlight shone on the end of the red carpet. Arnold Schwarzenegger, wearing a suit, walked towards the stage with a smile on his face.

His wife and the California Senator followed behind him.

When they walked onto the stage, the lights were instantly turned on, illuminating the entire venue as if it was daytime.

According to American tradition, the ceremony started with the inaugural prayer, and the person in charge of the prayer was a Bishop in California.

After the long and tedious prayer, it was time to take the oath.

The high-spirited Schwarzenegger read the oath aloud while pressing on the Bible.

After that, the Bishop announced. "Mr. Schwarzenegger, congratulations on becoming the 38th Governor of California. I hope that California will have a long term future under your leadership!"

Schwarzenegger was also very excited. He nodded and walked to the podium to start his inaugural speech.

Schwarzenegger said excitedly. "My hands and feet are trembling with excitement. I never thought that a boy born in Austria would become the Governor of California.

"Here, I would like to thank the United States, the American people, my parents, my wife, and my friends.

"In particular, I would like to thank Mr. Lee Li Mu, who came all the way from Hua Xia. He is probably the most outstanding entrepreneur in the world. After learning that I will become the Governor of California, he immediately decided to promote in-depth cooperation between California and Hua Xia. I believe that it will not be long before the two sides can achieve true mutual benefit and win-win cooperation.

"Of course, I would like to thank the people of California the most. It is because of your trust that I can stand here and become the 38th Governor of California. At the moment I am sworn in, I would like to say to the people of California: I officially give up my governor's salary. That is to say, from the moment I take office, I will not receive any form of remuneration from the California government. At the same time, I also hope that everyone can believe that I will do my best to build California better. I will do my best to make California more prosperous and richer!

I will use my practical actions to make me worthy of each of your votes! "

The thunderous applause from the audience lasted for a long time.

Schwarzenegger stood in front of the podium and accepted the applause from the audience with a smile on his face.

At this moment, he felt that his whole body was bathed in a spring breeze.

Before this moment, he had always thought that this moment would feel very good, but he did not expect it to be this good.

The entire Hollywood was cheering for him, and the entire Silicon Valley was the same. Even Li Mu, who was worth hundreds of billions of dollars, came to the scene to celebrate him. At this moment, he was not only the most dazzling person in this hall, but also the most dazzling person in the entire California!

Schwarzenegger was in high spirits and could not wait to realize his political ambitions immediately. He wanted to use his talents to run California to the best.

At this time, he was somewhat depressed in his heart.

He was depressed because he was not an American born in the United States.

This meant that he could never run for president of the United States...