Chapter 1136

At nine o 'clock in the morning, Director Zhang, who was deliberately dressed in a suit, arrived at the office early. The rest of the company's executives and the investors' representatives were all there.

As soon as everyone sat down in the conference room, Zhang Weiping walked in excitedly and said excitedly, "Li Mu really miscalculated this time. He wanted to step on us, but he didn't expect that he would step on our reputation instead!

I've asked a friend overseas about it, and now the Hero is very popular in western countries. "

A marketing manager couldn't help but ask, "Director Zhang, do the overseas users have any objections to our movie?"

Zhang Weiping smiled and said, "That's the most interesting part. According to what my friends know, the reaction of the Western netizens to this incident was not to attack 'The Hero', but to discuss Li Mu and Muye Technology, as well as the Shadow Muzu ticketing system. A small number of people scolded online, and they were all targeting our film companies. So, in this way, our movie managed to avoid being targeted!"

Everyone came to a sudden realization!

In fact, the content posted on YY was mainly aimed at the film industry's stranglehold on new things. Although the producers of "The Hero" were quite involved, compared to dozens of film companies, their target was much smaller, so it wasn't easy to attract hatred.

Realizing this, the entire office was in an uproar!

From their point of view, Li Mu had undoubtedly given them free advertising on a global scale. This was not something that could be bought with a cost of tens of millions. It could really be considered as a "blessing in disguise"!

Director Zhang also felt very lucky. He thought that he had kicked a rock this time, but he didn't expect to have such a huge windfall. Based on the current spread of Hero, if they took the opportunity to release it overseas, coupled with superb operation methods, it would definitely bring the movie a high box office!

The atmosphere in the conference room suddenly became lively. Everyone was discussing the future overseas development with great interest. Everyone was full of anticipation.

After an hour had passed, Zhang Weiping realized that the person from America had not appeared yet.

The other party had confirmed with him before boarding the plane yesterday that he would go to the hotel after getting off the plane in the morning and arrive at the office at 9: 30 AM. It had been half an hour, but he was still not here.

Zhang Weiping immediately took out his phone and called the other party. The international transfer took a long time, and it took a long time before he finally heard the "calling" tone.

After a few rings, a tired voice said in English, "Hello, who is this?"

Zhang Weiping hurriedly asked, "Is this Mr. Paul?

I'm Zhang. Didn't you say you would arrive at the office at 9: 30 AM?

We are all waiting, wondering when you will arrive. "

"Oh …" The man called Paul was currently resting on the hotel bed. The long-distance flight was not comfortable, and he didn't have a chance to rest at all. After taking a shower and changing clothes, he was about to set off for Zhang Weiping's company. However, when he suddenly received a text message from Harvey that he had given up on the movie, Paul immediately breathed a sigh of relief. As for the task of contacting Muye Technology, there was no way to quantify it anyway, so he simply slept in the hotel for now.

Paul, who was still in his pajamas, rubbed his eyes and lazily told the truth, "I'm sorry, Zhang. My boss informed me at the last minute that he gave up on buying the copyright of 'Hero'."

"What did you say?!"

Zhang Weiping thought he was hearing things. How could Harvey give up on buying the copyright of Hero at this time?

He was someone who understood the film market, and now that Hero's popularity was boosted by Li Mu, he shouldn't give it up!

Paul thought Zhang Weiping didn't hear him clearly, so he said patiently, "Zhang, our boss has given up on buying the copyright of Hero, so there is no need for us to meet."

"You …" This time, Zhang Weiping understood. He came back to his senses and asked, "What do you mean?

Are you trying to lower the price at the last minute again?

I'm telling you, you won't succeed!

Even if you don't want the copyright of Hero, someone else will! "

Paul nodded and said calmly, "You are overthinking. We really don't want it. Since you said someone else will, then you should sell it to someone else. Goodbye!"

After saying this, Paul hung up. Zhang Weiping heard the busy tone on the phone, and his face turned green with anger.

Director Zhang asked him, "What?

Is Harvey messing with us again? "

Zhang Weiping nodded. "His representative said that they have given up on buying the copyright of our movie …"

"Damn it!" The investor immediately slammed the table and stood up. "This Harvey is trying to do the same thing again, isn't he?

Does he really think we will be led by the nose by him?

He won't even open his eyes to look. Today is different from the past. He is playing hard to get, and we won't give him the chance!

Anyway, there must be a lot of film companies that are willing to buy the copyright of our movie! "

Director Zhang frowned. He knew the importance of Harvey. If this movie wanted to win an international award, it could only be done by Harvey. If they found another company to distribute it, they might not be able to win an international award, and there would be no guarantee of the box office.

So Director Zhang advised, "Boss Liu, don't worry. Let's calm down and discuss this."

The investor asked back, "What is there to discuss?

Contact all the film companies in Hollywood and tell them that we want to sell the copyright of this movie in every country. Our movie is so influential now, there must be countless companies fighting for it! "

Director Zhang quickly said, "Let's talk to Harvey again. After all, his ability is obvious. If we can cooperate with him, it will be the best for us."

"Good my ass!"

The investor sneered and said, "Harvey's plan is to buy it out at a low price. If you sell the copyright to him at a low price, what does it have to do with us no matter how much money he earns?"

Saying that, the investor looked at Director Zhang and questioned, "Director Zhang, I know what you are thinking. You just want Harvey to take this movie away and make it a high box office, so that you can feel proud, right?

If he is happy, he will lobby for an Oscar nomination or even an Oscar for you. Then you won't have to worry about anything in the future. But have you thought about how much money we invested in this movie?

The domestic box office has already lost so much money. If we sell the overseas copyright at a low price, how are we going to recover our capital? "

Currently, the investor was extremely disappointed with the movie "Hero." After being released for so many days, the domestic box office had only reached a little more than 20 million. They had lost a lot of money in the box office, so the income was even more pitiful. They couldn't even recover a fraction of the capital.

Director Zhang didn't know how to respond to the investor's words. He did want to sell more to Harvey, but the investors were the ones who suffered losses in the box office. To be honest, he didn't really care about it and wasn't really affected by it. The most important thing was whether the movie would be nominated for an international award after it was released. Every nomination was related to his reputation and his future worth.

Zhang Weiping saw that the atmosphere was a little awkward, so he stood up to ease the tension. "Boss Liu, Old Zhang, don't get too worked up. Don't forget that we have the upper hand now."

Saying that, he suggested, "How about this. Let's first communicate with the film distribution companies overseas and reveal our intention to sell the overseas copyright of 'Hero.' Let them give us an offer. It's still up to us whether to sell or not. The key is that this will give Harvey a certain amount of pressure. Maybe Harvey will be pressured into giving us a satisfactory price in the end."

The investor was silent for a moment, then nodded lightly. It seemed like this was the only solution.

…

In order to put more pressure on Harvey, the producers of "The Hero" immediately began communicating with the major Hollywood film companies, distribution companies, and industry leaders, hoping that they would buy the copyright of "The Hero." However, to their surprise, no matter how much they advertised and praised the quality of "The Hero" and its current influence, all the people in Hollywood who approached them rejected them without any hesitation. "That's not right.

That night, Yanjing time, the producer of "Hero" had already contacted all the film companies and industry insiders in Hollywood. What made them more and more desperate was that all the companies made it clear that they didn't want the copyright of "Hero." They didn't even wait for them to make an offer. As soon as they heard the title of "Hero," they immediately rejected it. It was as if the whole world was avoiding this movie like the plague.

The whole team completely lost the excitement and optimism they had before. All they could think about was one question: Why didn't they want the copyright of "Hero"?

It's so famous now, and its market potential is huge!

The investor's representative, Zhang Weiping, and Director Zhang all inquired about it. After a few inquiries, they finally got the news from a Hollywood company. The company said that the whole of Hollywood was amazed by Li Mu's Shadow Mu ticketing system. Many bosses of Hollywood film companies and cinema companies were heading to Hua Xia, hoping to get the rights to use the system in North America from Li Mu. As for "Hero," everyone knew about Li Mu's super strength and influence. Since he had attacked Hua Xia Film Company and the producer of "Hero," everyone knew that Li Mu had a grudge against it. Therefore, these film industry leaders didn't want to offend Li Mu because of "Hero."

Li Mu was very influential in Hollywood. Not only was his Shadow Mu ticketing system coveted by the whole of Hollywood, but he also had a strong influence in North America and even the whole West.

More importantly, his fantasies had completely occupied the entire Western internet users. His influence was unimaginable. If they offended him, they wouldn't have a good life.

Therefore, because of these reasons, the overseas film and television distribution companies and individuals didn't dare to take on the hot potato of "Hero." Otherwise, if Li Mu found a chance to take revenge in the future, no one would be able to withstand his strong pressure, especially those in the film and television industry that relied on users to make a living.

At this time, Zhang Weiping and the whole "Hero" team realized in despair that if they offended Li Mu, they might really be killed. The domestic box office of "Hero" couldn't be any worse. If no one took over the film overseas because of Li Mu's influence, wouldn't they completely lose the overseas market and the overseas film awards?