Chapter 1331

While the entire world's netizens were crazily obsessed with Plants vs Zombies Online, SARS was still developing. However, the speed of its development was much slower than in his previous life.

The supplies that Taobao distributed to medical units all over the country provided a lot of protection and help to the frontline medical workers. In all the cities where SARS was discovered, all the established SARS treatment units received the supplies donated by Taobao. The medical workers all gave up on the lower grade cotton masks and switched to N95 or higher grade masks. Protective clothing and full body sterilization equipment also played a huge role in the fight against SARS.

Yang Ma didn't report on the popularity of Plants vs Zombies Online. This was probably due to the fact that the domestic media rarely reported on the game in a positive light. However, Yang Ma had been reporting on news related to Taobao recently. They specifically filmed interviews with the frontline workers of Taobao, and recorded the entire process of them sticking to their posts under the epidemic. After the news was broadcasted on TV, it created a good image for the couriers, as well as for Taobao Express, in the eyes of the entire country.

In the latest news broadcast, CCTV followed up on a few treatment centers that were conducting isolation treatment for confirmed SARS cases, and interviewed the frontline medical workers. At the same time, they also reported on the supplies that Taobao had given them, and the positive effect it had on their personal safety.

This made Li Mu once again the topic that the entire country was talking about. At a critical moment, he stabilized the price of supplies for the epidemic, and donated a large amount of supplies that had been stocked up. Now that he had used Plants vs Zombies Online to become popular all over the world, Li Mu had basically become the focus of the entire world's media. The entire country's discussion of Li Mu's "foresight" was once again heated up.

A deputy editor of Yang Ma contacted Li Ziwei, expressing his hope of doing an interview with Li Mu. Li Ziwei asked him about the main purpose of the interview, and he replied, "I hope that Li Mu can participate in the filming of a public service advertisement against SARS. This public service advertisement invited many famous people, including well-known private entrepreneurs, artists, and popular celebrities. The goal was to increase the confidence of the entire country in the fight against SARS from an unofficial point of view, and at the same time popularize some general knowledge about the fight against SARS."

Other than the filming of the public service advertisement, Yang Ma also hoped to use this opportunity to do a brief interview with Li Mu. The direction of the interview was also related to SARS, mainly about Li Mu's views and attitude towards SARS, as well as his actual efforts in the fight against SARS.

When Li Ziwei conveyed this to Li Mu, Li Mu agreed without hesitation. He knew that Yang Ma would definitely look for him. Even without the public service advertisement, Yang Ma would still look for him. This was because the entire society was trying to figure him out. They didn't understand how he was able to foresee the future. Before the majority of the people were aware of the epidemic, he had already filled up the warehouses of Taobao Logistics with a large amount of supplies.

Although he hadn't given any feedback, Li Mu knew that he had to give the entire country a convincing explanation. Otherwise, people would definitely think that there was something wrong with the abnormal situation.

Therefore, the next morning after agreeing to the other party, Li Mu went to the recording studio of Central TV, accompanied by Li Ziwei.

In the car, Li Mu, Li Ziwei, and the driver, Wang Yuanlang, were all wearing tight masks. Li Ziwei's bag was specially filled with disinfectant, disinfectant wipes, and a body thermometer.

Li Mu was going to Yang Ma's recording studio, which made Li Ziwei a little nervous. What she was most afraid of now was Li Mu going to public places, especially uncontrolled public places.

Therefore, along the way, Li Ziwei kept reminding Li Mu, "Li Zong, when you arrive at Central TV today, try not to shake hands with others. Also, don't take off your mask if you can. This is an emergency, safety first."

Li Mu asked her with a smile, "What if someone wants to shake hands with me?"

Li Ziwei said seriously, "If someone wants to shake hands with you, just put your palms together and nod. I believe that at this time, everyone will understand."

Li Mu asked, "When you went to the health and transportation departments, didn't you shake hands with all the leaders?

Why didn't you pay attention at all? "

Li Ziwei said, "I'm fine. Without Makino Technology and Taobao, I won't be affected, but it's different for you."

Li Mu smiled helplessly and said, "There hasn't been a confirmed case in Beijing yet."

"Even so, you have to be careful."

Li Ziwei said, "Beijing has such a large population base, and the transportation system is well-connected. If there really is a confirmed case, I'm worried that it won't just be one or two …"

Li Mu nodded and didn't say anything, but he had the same worry in his heart. The spread of the disease wasn't one-to-one, but one-to-many. If there was a confirmed case on a train, then everyone on the train would be at risk of being infected. If there were hundreds of people on a plane, and the space was completely enclosed, if there was one patient, everyone on the plane could also carry the virus. After getting off the plane, hundreds of people would be scattered all over the city, and it was very likely that the virus would continue to spread on a large scale.

In his previous life, the spread of the epidemic in Beijing was very fast. It seemed that not long after, entire buildings in university dormitories and ordinary residential areas were quarantined. From this kind of quarantine strategy, it could be seen that the spread of the virus was indeed very strong.

…

After Li Mu arrived at the recording studio, the medical staff arranged by Mother Yang took his and Li Ziwei's temperature. After confirming that they didn't have a fever, someone brought them to the resting room that Mother Yang had specially prepared for Li Mu.

Outside the door of the resting room, there was a printed disinfection status notice on A4 paper. It showed that the resting room had been completely disinfected at nine in the morning, and the person in charge of the disinfection was Zhang Guiling.

When Li Mu saw this form, he felt especially emotional. In his previous life, when the SARS epidemic was very serious, all the buses, subways, and most public places had a disinfection notice board. On it were eye-catching words like "Disinfected Today." At that time, people had already formed the habit of checking if there was such a notice board before they went out. If there was, they would check if it was on the same day. If it was, they would feel much more relaxed. If it wasn't, they would basically turn around and hide far away.

Li Mu sat in the resting room for a few minutes. The deputy editor of Mother Yang brought a director over to greet Li Mu. When they knocked on the door and entered, both of them were wearing masks. Li Mu and Li Ziwei also didn't remove their masks. However, at this special time, no one felt that it was awkward or unnatural.

The deputy editor and Li Mu had crossed paths a few times before, so they were relatively familiar with each other. The moment he entered, he quickly greeted Li Mu and said, "Aiya, Li Zong, long time no see!"

After saying that, he reached out his hand to shake Li Mu's hand.

Li Ziwei quickly gave Li Mu a look, hoping that he would politely decline the handshake as she said. However, Li Mu still reached out his hand to shake the other party's hand seriously and then greeted him.

The other party was so busy that he introduced the director beside him to Li Mu and said, "Li Zong, this is the director of our public service announcement, Chen Qingqi. You can call him Little Chen."

Li Mu couldn't see the other party's face, but from the fine wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, this Chen Qingqi was at least thirty-six or thirty-seven years old. It was definitely inappropriate to call him Little Chen, so he said very politely, "Hello, Director Chen. If there's anything you need my help with later, just let me know."

Chen Qingqi hurriedly said, "Thank you, Li Zong, for participating in our public service announcement. It's an honor!"

After saying that, Chen Qingqi also reached out his hand and wanted to shake Li Mu's hand.

Li Mu didn't think too much about it. He naturally reached out his hand and shook his hand.

When he withdrew his hand, Li Mu glanced at Li Ziwei from the corner of his eye. Li Ziwei's eyes were about to roll up to the sky. Obviously, she was particularly dissatisfied with Li Mu's completely inattentive behavior. However, she couldn't say anything and could only express it with her eyes.

Chen Qingqi told Li Mu that there were a total of ten actors and entrepreneurs participating in today's public service announcement, but the proportion was too large. There were nine actors and only one entrepreneur, Li Mu.

Li Mu originally wanted to ask why he was the only entrepreneur, but after thinking about it carefully, he didn't ask. For this kind of thing, Mother Yang must have her own considerations. Since he was already here, he just had to cooperate with Mother Yang to finish filming this public service announcement. There was no need to ask too much.

Li Mu's filming task today was very simple. He had a total of four lines. The first line was to introduce himself, the second line was to introduce the transmission of SARS, the third line was to call on everyone to deal with the epidemic rationally, and the fourth line was a slogan to defend against SARS, starting with me.

The entire public service announcement's script was separated by the director and given to each of the producers. The last three of Li Mu's four lines were separated from the entire script. It was estimated that after the filming ended, the lines of the ten people would be strung together through editing. Li Mu had seen many such public service announcements, and there was nothing new about them. However, as a public service announcement, it was considered normal.

After talking about the lines, the director gave Li Mu a specific filming schedule. The working group arranged different times for the ten guests. Before Li Mu came, they had already filmed five sets, and they were now taking a break. Li Mu was the seventh. If there were no accidents, they should start filming in half an hour to forty minutes. The filming process would take ten minutes if they were fast, and twenty minutes if they were slow.

After talking about business, someone on the director's walkie-talkie informed him that there were two minutes left to start filming the sixth set, so he and the deputy editor-in-chief left first.

As soon as the two of them left, Li Ziwei quickly closed the door, and then took out a disposable hand sanitizer from her bag. She came to Li Mu's side and said, "Li Zong, palms up."

Li Mu stretched out his hands, and Li Ziwei squeezed a large amount of alcohol-based hand sanitizer into each of his palms. She reminded him, "You'd better apply it evenly on your entire hands, so that the bacteria will be more thorough."

Li Mu rubbed his hands and teased, "You're really more careful than my mother."

Li Ziwei said, "If Auntie Xiao was here, I'm afraid she wouldn't let you go out …"

As she said that, there was another knock on the door.

Li Ziwei hurriedly whispered to Li Mu, "Li Zong, don't shake hands again this time. It's not good for your skin if you apply too much alcohol."

Li Mu nodded, and Li Ziwei hurriedly went to open the door. She didn't expect that it would be the host, Sun Junyi, who came this time.

Although Sun Junyi was wearing a mask, Li Mu recognized him as soon as he entered the door.

Li Mu and Sun Junyi could be considered old acquaintances. Sun Junyi had done an interview with him before, and Li Mu had a very good impression of him.

When Sun Junyi saw Li Mu, he walked up to Li Mu, reached out his hand, and said enthusiastically, "Li Zong, we meet again."

Li Mu also reached out and shook hands with Sun Junyi. He said with a smile, "Hello, Host Sun. We meet again."

Li Ziwei's eyes widened, but she couldn't say anything. She could only stand aside resentfully, hoping that Sun Junyi would leave quickly so that she could squeeze some more hand sanitizer for Li Mu.

Sun Junyi quickly explained the purpose of his visit and said, "Li Zong, it's like this. We want to do an interview with you. Deputy Editor-in-Chief Hu should have mentioned this when he contacted you before, right?"

Li Mu nodded. "She said that you would still do the interview this time?"

"Yes."

Sun Junyi smiled and said, "The station asked me to do this interview, so I came to communicate with you in advance. This interview will not be long, and the total broadcast time is estimated to be about five minutes. We will broadcast it during tonight's focus interview, the evening news, and tomorrow morning's Son of the East."

"Why is the broadcast schedule so tight?"

Sun Junyi said, "It's a special period. Recently, Central TV's burden has been quite heavy, and the pressure has been quite great. Just the negative news that was deliberately smeared and exaggerated overseas is giving us a headache. But luckily, you released Plants vs. Zombies Online in time, so the pressure from the overseas public opinion has been greatly reduced. The station's leaders have been saying that you are our godly teammate, and that you saved us from disaster.

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is what I should do, so please don't be too courteous with me."

After saying that, Li Mu asked him, "Oh right, for this interview, what kind of questions do you want to ask me about?"

Sun Junyi hurriedly said, "That's why I came here to communicate with you in advance."

Li Mu nodded. "Go ahead."

Sun Junyi said, "I have prepared some questions here, but you can choose whether you want to answer them during the interview. If you have any questions that you want to avoid, you can ask them directly. When the time comes, I won't ask any more questions, but only those that you want to confirm."

"Alright."

Sun Junyi said, "Then I'll go through the questions one by one with you."

"The first question, what do you think of the SARS epidemic?"

"Sure."

"Then the second question, do you think that this SARS epidemic can be overcome quickly?"

"Sure."

"Then the third question, why did you donate so many supplies to the health and transportation departments?"

"Sure."

"The fourth question, Taobao website donated a large amount of affordable supplies to stabilize prices at a critical time. What kind of changes do you think the internet and e-commerce will bring to consumers?

"Sure."

At this point, Sun Junyi looked at Li Mu, hesitated for a moment, then said, "Li Zong, the fifth question might be a bit subjective. If you don't want to answer it, just tell me directly."

"Alright."

Sun Junyi took a deep breath, then looked at Li Mu and said, "The fifth question, what drove you to start preparing these supplies months in advance? Could it be that you really have the ability to predict the future like the netizens say?"

Li Mu sighed in his heart, "It's finally here!"