Chapter 319

At this time, Chen Ze was chatting with Hui Ka Ming. When he saw the number on his phone, his expression immediately became a little excited, but it only lasted for a moment. Then he said to Hui Ka Ming in front of him, "It's a call from Dufy."

Hui Ka Ming raised his eyebrows and looked like he understood. He stood up and said, "I'm going to the restroom. You two have a good chat."

When Hui Ka Ming stood up and went out, Chen Ze couldn't wait to press the answer button. Although he looked very excited, his tone was very calm. He asked, "Hello, Feifei, it's so late. Why did you call me?"

Dufy said, "I have something to tell you."

Chen Ze said, "Tell me, what's the matter?"

Dufy said, "You should be very familiar with that Li Mu, right?"

Chen Ze said with a smile, "My friend, we haven't known each other for a long time, but we are quite good friends. What's the matter?"

Dufy said, "If you have time, find a chance to talk to him. I want him to write a song for Xiaowei."

Chen Ze asked in surprise, "Let Li Mu write a song for Xiaowei?

Li Mu can also write songs? "

Dufy asked him, "You are his friend. Don't you know whether he can write songs or not?"

Chen Ze said with a little embarrassment, "I really don't know about this."

Dufy said, "You just need to help me talk to him and try to find a way to make him agree. If it's done, I'll treat you to a meal when we return home."

Chen Ze asked, "When will you come back?"

Dufy said, "Soon. I'll go back at the end of January."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "Okay, I'll talk to Li Mu and see if he's willing to help. If it's done, don't forget what you just said."

Dufy immediately said, "I'll definitely keep my word. But there's one more thing. If you can help me, I can even treat you to a meal for a week."

Chen Ze's eyes lit up. He immediately sat up and asked her, "Tell me, what else?"

Dufy said, "Isn't Xiaowei acting in Li Mu's micro movie?

It'd be best if Li Mu could write a song that suits Xiaowei's role in the micro movie, and then use it as an interlude in the movie. "

Chen Ze asked in surprise, "You want Xiaowei to enter the entertainment circle?"

Dufy said, "We'll talk about it later. I want her to have the qualifications to enter the entertainment circle first. She has loved music since she was a child, but in the domestic environment, the best way to make some achievements in music is to enter the entertainment circle. I just want to help her find a chance to enter the entertainment circle and experience it. It's up to her whether she wants to take this path in the future."

Chen Ze understood and said, "Okay, I'll talk to Li Mu later and see if he's willing to help."

Dufy said, "Then I'll wait for your good news!"

As an older sister, Dufy knew that music was her younger sister's biggest hobby and pursuit. She naturally hoped that her younger sister could find her own value in the field of music.

For Dufy, she didn't support Du Wei entering the entertainment circle as an actress, but she supported her to enter the entertainment circle as a singer. If one wanted to succeed in the domestic music industry, being a singer was indeed the best way. The entertainment circle was relatively more complicated, and it was easier to come into contact with people in the circle. The music circle was much simpler than the entertainment circle. Du Wei only needed to sing, and she didn't need to have direct contact with the people in the circle. The Du family had the ability to provide her with enough support, and it was also possible to isolate those dirty things around her, so that she could sing with peace of mind.

Li Mu brought Su Yingxue to the set of "Old Boys". Ning Hao, who was wearing a military coat, saw Su Yingxue for the first time. He was so shocked that his eyeballs almost fell to the ground. When he heard that Su Yingxue was Li Mu's girlfriend, he was so envious of this guy who was a few years younger than him.

Then, Ning Hao brought Li Mu and Su Yingxue to take a look at the current situation of the set. The stage effect was similar to the more popular talent show in the later stages, but this time, there were five judges for the talent show. The overall effect was quite satisfactory to Li Mu. It was simple, stylish, and grand, but there were still some details that had not been perfected. After the details were perfected, if this set was used to film the competition plot of "Old Boys", the audience would be able to intuitively feel that this "competition" was very important.

Li Mu and Ning Hao discussed the final completion date. Ning Hao coordinated for a while and received a reply that it would be completed at two in the afternoon. Then, he began to inform the actors to prepare to start filming at four in the afternoon.

As it was an indoor scene, there was no need to consider the time factor. In order to save money and finish filming as soon as possible, Ning Hao arranged for the actors to work overtime for the next two days. Chen Wan's scene as the host was scheduled for tomorrow night. Tonight, they were scheduled to film some audition scenes, as well as a simple plan for the live scene of "Fly Higher".

Su Yingxue listened to the two of them talking for a long time before she understood that Li Mu said that he would bring her out to play, but in fact, he was accompanying him to work. When Ning Hao went to work on the set, she privately said to Li Mu, "Some people are suspected of confusing concepts and dealing with errands!"

Li Mu chuckled and pretended to be confused as he asked, "Who is it?

“

"You." Su Yingxue curled her lips and said, "Didn't you say that you would bring me out to play?

I thought it would at least be an amusement park or something. I didn't expect it to be a movie set … "

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Don't you think it's interesting to visit a movie set and see how a movie is shot with your own eyes?

“

Su Yingxue looked around and wrinkled her nose as she looked at Li Mu. She seemed a little unhappy, but when Li Mu felt a little guilty, she suddenly smiled and said, "Actually, it's quite interesting. I can't wait to see what you look like as a director."

“

Li Mu smiled and said, "Ning Hao said just now that we'll start shooting at four in the afternoon. You'll be able to see it then."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but sigh. "How close are your relationships with the four people from 'Simple Plan' that they're willing to let you direct their movie?"

“

Su Yingxue didn't know that the movie "Old Boys" was actually produced by Li Mu's Makino Image. She just instinctively thought that "Old Boys", a micro movie based on the song of the same name, must have been invested in by 'Simple Plan'. The reason why they asked Li Mu, who had no directing experience, to direct it was probably because they had a good relationship.

Seeing that Su Yingxue didn't quite believe in his ability as a director, Li Mu smiled and said, "This micro movie will premiere on major TV stations after the Spring Festival. At that time, you'll know whether I have the talent to be a director or not."

For the industry of directing, Li Mu was a standard half-baked person. He had only watched movies and had never participated in any movie production. If Li Mu was asked to direct a brand new movie, he would probably mess it up. But if he was asked to rework the original based on the movies he had seen in his memory, it would be relatively easier. After all, every shot, every scene, and every dialogue had a very clear concept in his mind. In this way, with the help of a professional like Ning Hao, Li Mu could basically present what he wanted. The level of the movie he directed and acted in would not be inferior to the original version. In fact, with some slight changes, it might even surpass the original version.

The construction of the set began to end. Ning Hao, along with the person in charge of the camera and lighting, began to set up the equipment. When it was close to noon, the whole set was divided into two parts. One part was the standard recording site of a talent show. The stage was very beautiful, and the display effect was also very outstanding. The judges' seats were also very eye-catching, highlighting the importance of the judges. The audience's seats did not have high visual requirements, and the overall framework had been completely set up. In addition, the remaining part was the work space for the entire film crew, where all the equipment and behind-the-scenes staff would carry out the shooting of the entire scene.

Based on his memory, Li Mu directed the staff to create the visual effect of the scene to be about 90% similar to a talent show. Seeing that it was almost noon, Ning Hao ran to him and asked, "Boss, do you want to eat with everyone at noon?

We ordered a boxed lunch from a nearby restaurant. There are two meat dishes and one vegetable dish. It's not bad. "

Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue, who was beside him. He thought to himself that it was already very unkind of him to bring her to work with him. Even if she did not have any objections, he would still feel bad about it. So he said to Ning Hao, "Let's go out to eat."

Su Yingxue said, "Don't go out to eat. Why don't we eat here so we don't waste time?"

Li Mu did not agree. He pulled her out of the set and drove into the city to find a restaurant.

While driving, Chen Ze called Li Mu and asked Li Mu, "Are you free at noon?

I'll treat you to lunch. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I can't make it at noon today. I have an appointment."

Chen Ze asked, "What about at night?

Are you free at night? "

"At the set at night." Li Mu said, "The set was set up this afternoon, and we have to start filming."

"I see …" Chen Ze said with some disappointment, "Are you free tomorrow?

Or if you can't, can you come out for supper at night? "

Li Mu realized that he should have something important to tell him in person, so he smiled and asked, "If you have something to say, you can say it on the phone first. If it's really urgent, I can go to you at night."

Chen Ze hesitated and said, "Then I'll tell you about it on the phone first."

Then, Chen Ze told Li Mu about Dufy's call. After that, he was afraid that Li Mu would refuse, so he said in a pleading tone, "Dufy has a good relationship with me, and she is also doing it for Du Wei. If you can agree, try not to refuse. I owe you a favor …"

Li Mu couldn't help laughing. He had long heard that Chen Ze liked Du Wei's sister. When Du Wei went to Haizhou to shoot, he accompanied her all the way at Dufy's request. Now, because Dufy called him for help, it seemed that he was really devoted to Dufy.

Chen Ze's call also gave Li Mu a new inspiration. Since Du Wei was so good, why not support her in this movie?

Her role in this micro movie was second only to Zhang Kexuan. If she was given a suitable song as an interlude, it was very likely that she would become a hit with this movie.