Chapter 1218

With Li Mu's achievements today, if he went all out against others, no one would be able to withstand the powerful impact.

Paul Keane originally wanted to use the Keane family's political resources in the United States to show off to Li Mu, but he didn't expect Li Mu to not buy it at all.

In Li Mu's view, it was difficult to quantify something as illusory as political resources. Although the Keane family had the power, it was still not enough to show off in public.

The rich could directly compare their net worth and property, but the Keane family couldn't compete with others to see who had more photos with the president and the Secretary of State. Moreover, the American political scene was not stable at all. Political resources were often only effective during a certain president's term.

Therefore, Li Mu directly ignored their political influence and compared it to Paul Keane and even the entire Keane family. Didn't you want to compare? Let's compare who has more money, who has higher net worth, and who can make the most money in a unit of time.

Paul Keane finally understood that a person like Li Mu was not someone he could scare. He even tried to use the entire Keane family to put pressure on him, but Li Mu didn't put the Keane family in his eyes at all.

Paul Keane finally understood that a person like Li Mu was not someone he could scare at all. He even tried to use the entire Keane family to put pressure on him, but Li Mu didn't put the Keane family in his eyes at all.

The angry Paul Keane said to Li Mu before leaving, "Mr. Li, it doesn't matter if you don't want to cooperate. I just want to remind you that the United States is not Hua Xia. No one may dare to go against you in Hua Xia, but this is the United States. If you want to develop here, you must abide by the rules here!"

Li Mu said sarcastically, "Is your rule that other people must listen to your orders and let your people play an important role in their industry?

Is letting someone from the Keane family be the person in charge of the 3321 US station to abide by the rules here?

Then I will do a survey on YY and push it to users in the United States. Let's see how many of the nearly 100 million netizens in the United States support your theory. "

"WTF …"

Paul Keane listened with his mouth agape.

If Paul Keane's words were a subtle threat, then Li Mu's words were a blatant threat.

You, Paul Keane, want to let your son come to my 3321 to fish for fame. It's fine if you want to, but you even dare to threaten me. Since this is the case, then I will expose this matter through YY and let the netizens of the United States make a comment on this. I want to see if the American people will curse you to death.

As soon as Li Mu's motive was exposed, Paul Keane immediately gave in. He blurted out almost without thinking, "Mr. Li, I don't think it's necessary to escalate this matter to such a level. Even if we can't reach an agreement this time, we can at least make friends and find other opportunities to cooperate in the future. What do you say?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Keane, you have delayed me for so long. My plane should have taken off a long time ago. If there is nothing else, please go and do your own business."

Paul Keane had a deep fear of the exposure of YY. He had never considered this before, but after being threatened by Li Mu, he immediately thought of the huge hidden danger behind it. If Li Mu really exposed the fact that he was looking for him, the Keane family would inevitably lose face in the United States. Moreover, the perfect image that he had painstakingly built for his son would collapse in an instant. At that time, the whole Keane family would be too passive.

So in this case, the arrogant Paul Keane could only admit defeat to Li Mu. He stood up and said politely, "Then I will not bother Mr. Li. If you need anything in the future, remember to contact me at any time."

After that, Paul Keane stood up and got off the plane with the senator in a dejected manner.

After Paul Keane and the senator got off the plane, the captain immediately received instructions from the control tower to let them go. The captain breathed a sigh of relief. The plane was almost half an hour later than the scheduled departure time. He still needed to make up for the time that Paul Keane had lost as much as possible in the remaining time.

The plane was pushed out of the hangar and slowly moved towards the runway of the airport. Li Mu suddenly had an idea. He said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, before the plane takes off, call Qingya and tell her that I am going to write an article and send it to all the users in the United States through YY. Tell her to be ready and wait for my news. I will send the manuscript to her as soon as the plane lands."

Li Ziwei was almost immediately aware of Li Mu's purpose. She knew that Li Mu wanted to make the first move, so she subconsciously reminded him, "Li Zong, if possible, it is best to avoid friction with the Keane family. Otherwise, if things get too tense, I am afraid that it will bring us unnecessary trouble in the future."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "Do you think Paul Keane is a kind person?

The more I try to calm things down, the more they'll push their luck. This time, if I don't bare my fangs first, the Keane clan will definitely bite off half a pound of my flesh. If that's the case, then why can't I take the initiative and bite off half a pound of his flesh first? Let him think about it carefully. "

Li Mu knew very well that Paul Keane would not let it go. After going back today, he might use some way to retaliate against him. In this case, if he did not move and waited for him to make a move, it was really difficult to guarantee that he would not be stabbed in the back. In this case, it was better to stab him first.

The reason why Paul Keane did all this was for the future of James Keane. If he refused him today, no one knew what kind of way he would retaliate tomorrow. And that James Keane was not easy to deal with. Didn't he already register the domain name 3321 USA?

If he did not show his fangs, maybe he would really get it online.

Once the Keane family realized that he was easy to bully, then he did not know how they would bully him in the future. Instead of this, it was better to directly expose James Keane and cut off his path first. At the same time, it would let the Keane family know that he was not easy to deal with. He was not someone they could mess with casually!

After Li Ziwei understood Li Mu's motive, she did not say any more comforting words. She was also worried that if Li Mu kept silent this time, the Keane family would become even more aggressive in the future.

Would the Keane family become more aggressive in the future? Rather than leaving a hidden danger that could explode at any time, it would be better to strike first and let him know that Li Mu wasn't someone to be trifled with!

…