Chapter 1486

Li Mu had a good night's sleep. Deep sleep in a comfortable environment made people feel refreshed. However, Larry Page, who lived in a nearby farmhouse, did not sleep at all.

The accommodation that the production team arranged for Larry Page was indeed very ordinary, mainly due to the limited conditions.

Due to the large number of staff, the production team could not provide Larry Page with a separate room. He could only stay in the staff dormitory. The staff of the production team were under a lot of pressure. Every staff dormitory had a bunk structure. Due to the limited conditions, there was not much privacy.

Larry Page's room was a six-person room. He had to line up to take a shower and go to the toilet. In order to take care of him, the production team arranged an upper berth for him. That way, he would be less disturbed. However, when night fell, the staff who had worked hard for the whole day began to snore, making Larry Page, who was already jet-lagged, even less sleepy.

Lying on the simple upper berth, Larry Page finally understood a principle. He understood an old saying from Hua Xia. That old saying was taught to him by his private Chinese teacher. The whole saying only had seven Chinese characters: A wise man submits to circumstances.

It was indeed not easy to adapt to circumstances.

Larry Page thought back to the repeated battles between Google and Li Mu. In the end, they ended up like this. In the end, it could all be summed up in one word: they did not adapt to circumstances.

If he had seen the reality and agreed to Li Mu's conditions earlier, he would not have had to go to Hua Xia to suffer.

Moreover, suffering was not the most important thing. The most important thing was that in exchange for the same conditions, Google suffered heavy losses.

Even the US government and the US law could not help Google with the threat they faced. Makino Technology's commercial blackmail did not violate any US law. In fact, Google was the one that most likely violated the anti-monopoly law. Makino Technology was just preparing to enter a new field and set up a subsidiary for the new business. Now, this subsidiary was going to be acquired by Google. The price was also voluntary. As long as Google reached an agreement, this matter itself would not violate any law.

Thinking of this, Larry Page felt very sad. The whole of Google had been tricked by a young man in his early twenties, and the other party had calculated everything flawlessly. Google knew that it would be a big trap in the end, but they could only grit their teeth and jump into it. This was an unprecedented blow to their confidence.

Larry Page's thoughts ran wild. At five o 'clock in the morning, when the staff in Larry Page's room were getting ready to start work, he finally fell asleep.

…

It was just six o 'clock when Li Mu got up. It was already bright outside and the yard had begun to crow and bark. When he put on his clothes and walked out of the room, Huang Lei was already preparing breakfast.

The morning in the mountains was cooler, and the air humidity was higher. However, the air was much purer than in the city. When the slightly cool air was inhaled into the lungs, it was like smoking a cigarette. The comfortable feeling instantly rushed to the brain, making people not feel like waking up at all. In an instant, they became extraordinarily awake and comfortable.

Seeing Li Mu come out, Huang Lei, who was washing the eggs, smiled and greeted him. "Good morning, Mr. Li."

Li Mu nodded with a smile, stretched himself, and said, "Good morning, Mr. Huang."

Huang Lei smiled and asked, "How was your rest last night?"

Li Mu answered, "I slept very well."

As soon as he finished speaking, He Wan walked out of the bathroom with a towel around her neck. She saw Li Mu in the yard and said with a smile, "Li Zong is awake. Peng and I are going to the vegetable garden to pick some vegetables. Do you want to come with us?"

"Sure," Li Mu agreed readily.

After washing up, Huang Lei was left alone in the yard to prepare breakfast for everyone. Li Mu, He Wan, and Peng Yuyan, followed by the cameraman, went to the vegetable garden that Mushroom Hut had rented and renovated from the villagers.

This small vegetable garden covered an area of less than one acre. It was surrounded by a wooden fence that was about one meter high and was entwined with dense vines. The gate was a single wooden door in the pastoral style. There was a wooden sign nailed to it with the four artistic words "Mushroom Vegetable Garden" engraved on it. It gave off a particularly exquisite feeling.

Pushing open the gate of the vegetable garden, an area of about five hundred square meters was filled with all kinds of vegetables and fruits. These plants were well taken care of, and the combination of high and low was very harmonious.

The top floor was covered with grape trellises that covered half of the yard. There were already large clusters of lilac grapes on them. In the middle were the racks for vegetables such as beans, eggplants, cucumbers, and tomatoes. There were also all kinds of fruits on them.

There were a few kinds of chili in the lower part, which were divided into green peppers, sharp peppers, and small red peppers. There were also green onions, chives, and some leafy vegetables. In addition, there were also fruits such as cantaloupes and melons.

Because it was early in the morning, all the plants in the vegetable garden, every leaf, and every fruit had fine and clear dewdrops. Under the soft light of the morning sun, they shone with all kinds of colorful lights. The color combination in the entire vegetable garden was also very comfortable. Different plants had the most positive color in their genes. With the dewdrops and light embellishment, there was exuberant vitality everywhere.

Li Mu stood in the vegetable garden and could not help but sigh. "If my parents saw this scene, they would definitely like it very much."

He Wan asked, "Uncle and Auntie also like this kind of pastoral life?"

"More than like."

Li Mu said, "During SARS, my parents came to Yanjing to accompany me. They opened up a vegetable garden in my yard and planted the seeds that they brought from home. But compared to here, it really pales in comparison. This is the real pastoral life."

"Yes."

He Wan agreed and said, "Our mushroom house and mushroom garden were designed to be in an idyllic style, not a rustic style. Therefore, the program team invited a plant expert to help us transplant these plants and ensure that they can survive well after transplantation."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "These plants were all transplanted here?"

"Yes."

He Wan explained, "The preparation time for our program was still relatively rushed. Many of the plants here need several years to grow to their current size. For example, the grapes on top of our heads are said to have been growing for more than ten years. They are very good Jufeng grapes. The program team spent a lot of money to buy them, and then spent a lot of effort to transplant them here."

As she said that, He Wan added, "But fortunately, the climate here is very suitable for the growth of plants. Whether it is light or temperature, these plants are surviving very well."

Peng Yuyan came over and said to Li Mu with a regretful face, "Li Zong, it is said that these grapes can only be eaten in August. By that time, our season's recording will have finished."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. If the response after the first few episodes of the program are good, the program team can still temporarily add episodes. At that time, we can shoot two more special episodes."

He Wan nodded and said, "If the ratings are high, our second season will be recorded in the fall. The second season will be filmed in two stages. The first stage is in the fall, and the second stage is in the winter."

Li Mu said approvingly, "This is good. We can take the audience to experience the pastoral life in different seasons."

He Wan smiled and said, "If Li Zong has time, you can come and experience another episode."

Li Mu smiled and said straightforwardly, "If time permits, I will definitely come."

"That's great."

He Wan smiled and said, "By the way, Li Zong, look at the vegetables in our garden. Just pick whatever you want to eat for lunch."

Li Mu thought about it and said, "I will just pick some beans and order a bean braised with meat. You guys can look at the rest."

Peng Yuyan said, "I want to eat scrambled eggs with tomatoes."

He Wan reminded him, "Teacher Huang has already cooked the eggs for breakfast today, so your scrambled eggs with tomatoes will probably be ruined."

"Oh, right!" Peng Yuyan slapped his forehead and said, "In that case, I will order a San Xian."

He Wan said, "Then you go pick an eggplant and then some green peppers."

"Okay."

Ten minutes later, the three of them returned to the Mushroom House with a basket of fresh vegetables. Huang Lei had already prepared breakfast. There was milk, boiled eggs, fried dough sticks, and fried sugar cakes. The milk was fresh milk from the local farmers' homes and then boiled to sterilize. The eggs were laid by the hens in the Mushroom House in the morning. As for the fried dough sticks and fried sugar cakes, they were all made by Huang Lei himself.

The four of them sat down and were ready to eat. Huang Lei curiously asked Li Mu, "By the way, Li Zong, where is your American friend?

Don't you want to invite him over to eat? "

Li Mu thought to himself, If you don't mention him, I will almost forget about him. However, it was not good to say this in front of the camera, so he said, "He should not be up yet. Why don't we leave some for him and eat when he gets up?"

Huang Lei said, "It won't taste good if it's cold. Why don't we ask Little Peng to help us call him?"

Li Mu nodded. "That's fine too."

Peng Yuyan hurriedly got up and said, "Then I will ask the staff to take me over. You guys eat first."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's okay, we will wait for you."

Larry Page had just fallen asleep for less than two hours. In the past 24 hours, he was extremely exhausted both physically and mentally. After staying up all night and falling asleep, he did not expect to be woken up by Peng Yuyan.

"Mr. Page."

Peng Yuyan stood on the edge of the bunk bed and tiptoed to wake Larry Page up. He said to him, "We have prepared breakfast. Li Zong asked me to call you to eat together."

Larry Page felt like cursing.

After flying tens of thousands of kilometers and taking a taxi for more than two hours, he sat under a tree and watched Li Mu fish. Then, he was completely robbed by Li Mu in the field, and at night, he was dragged by Li Mu to eat fried golden cicadas. After returning to the dormitory, he was tortured by the snoring of the five of them for the whole night. It was not until dawn that he had a chance to sleep. In the end, not long after he fell asleep, Li Mu asked Peng Yuyan to call him to eat …

What kind of food would I eat?

However, although he was complaining in his heart, he could not show it on his face. After all, Peng Yuyan had brought a camera team with him. It seemed like this scene might also be broadcast on Hua Xia's TV show in the future.

"As the CEO of Google, I have to represent Google's image to the world."

Larry Page encouraged himself in his heart. Then, he endured his exhaustion and got out of bed. After washing up quickly, he followed Peng Yuyan to the Mushroom Hut.

On the way, Larry Page was still asking the staff what the show was called, when it would be broadcast in the future, and which TV station it would be broadcast on.