Chapter 1357

The performance was scheduled to start recording a week later, but in the following week, the SARS situation in Yanjing continued to develop.

Among them, there was the first case of infection in a high school in Yanjing. A student from a science and engineering university was confirmed to be infected with SARS. However, no one expected that one case would cause a cross-infection in the school, resulting in dozens of suspected cases. Coupled with other new cases in society, it suddenly brought a lot of pressure to several designated hospitals.

Three days before the performance, the health department decided to activate Xiaotangshan Hospital and urgently build a hospital specifically to deal with SARS.

At the same time, the SARS epidemic in Hong Kong and Taiwan was also getting worse. There were news of hospitals being closed and medical staff dying of infection. For a time, people in Hong Kong and Taiwan were in a state of panic.

The increasingly severe epidemic brought an inevitable haze to the people. The country had been sparing no effort to control and treat SARS, but from the outbreak to the control of the disease, there was always a process, and it was not something that could be accomplished in one go.

Therefore, Mother Yang's charity gala against SARS became even more important. Not only did it bear the heavy burden of calling the people to fight SARS together, but it also shouldered the mission of encouraging the people and giving them confidence. If it could also let the people's originally tense nerves relax a little, it would naturally be the best.

Li Mu also realized the importance of this charity gala at this point in time. The people's panic about the epidemic could no longer be appeased by scientific epidemic prevention, so this gala would become a timely rain to ease the people's anxious mood.

This was also the key reason why Li Mu agreed to participate, agreed to give a speech, decided to donate, and even agreed to guest sing.

As he could not think of a better inspirational song at the moment, Li Mu submitted the song "The Sunshine Always Comes After the Storm" to the preparation team of Mother Yang's gala.

Originally, Li Mu deliberately reminded them to prepare a new version of the accompaniment that was suitable for his voice. After all, the original singer of the song was a woman. In the end, the director of the preparation personally called Li Mu and thanked Li Mu when he came up. He then told Li Mu that it was definitely not a problem to prepare a version of the accompaniment, but before the rehearsal, he would have to trouble Li Mu to go to their recording studio to record in advance.

Li Mu had heard of rehearsals in advance, but he was confused about recording in advance.

But after thinking about it carefully, Li Mu quickly understood the meaning behind it. Recording in advance meant that they wanted him to lip-synch at the gala.

Only then did Li Mu realize that most of the variety shows these days used lip-synching in order to ensure that the effect of the performance would not be affected.

However, this couldn't be blamed. After all, this was the tacit rule of all television stations in the country. Moreover, the rule against lip-synching had not been officially introduced. Of course, television stations were more inclined to use lip-synching to reduce the probability of accidents happening.

In this era, many celebrities were also used to lip-synching, because it could avoid car accidents and save a lot of effort. It was said that many celebrities also lip-synched when they started singing.

However, Li Mu did not want to lip-sync.

A boss with a net worth of tens of billions of US dollars participated in a charity gala and sang an inspirational song. How shameless could he be?

Celebrities lip-synching was an unspoken rule in the industry, but what about entrepreneurs lip-synching?

When a star went out, he represented himself or, at most, the brokerage company behind him. However, when an entrepreneur went out, he represented his entire company's employees, products, and brands, and even an entire industry. If he just went up to the stage and played the pre-recorded accompaniment backstage, it really violated Li Mu's principles.

Therefore, Li Mu told the director, "Just prepare the accompaniment. When the time comes, I will sing live. There's no need to record in advance."

The other party was suddenly put in a difficult position. "Li Zong, we all use the recording method …"

Li Mu said, "I know. I don't care how others sing, but when it comes to my song, you just play the accompaniment for me. I will sing it live."

"This …" The other party stammered a few words and pleaded, "It's easy to have problems singing live. For example, the microphone reception is not good, the mixing effect is wrong, the microphone is whistling, and so on. Also, if you lose your voice, go out of tune, or make a mistake, it will be very difficult for us to fix it …"

Speaking up to this point, the other party pleaded, "Li Zong, I hope you can consider the effect of the program and record it in advance, so that there can be no problems live."

When Li Mu saw that the other party had been promoting this set of operations, he said in a somewhat angry tone, "If there is a problem with the equipment, I will trouble you to do the debugging and try to avoid problems live. If I don't perform well, I will apologize to the national audience. I would rather show my bad side to the audience than fake it in front of the audience. After all, I am different from celebrities. I run a business, and the most important thing for a business is to be honest. If I also think like you, in the future, when the business goes public, if the business is not very good, will I also have to make a false account to deceive the shareholders?"

The other party complained in his heart, but he still tried to persuade him, "Li Zong, don't be too serious. A performance is for the performance effect. Naturally, it is not the same thing as the business, and it is not good to compare them together."

Li Mu lost his patience and said, "You guys discuss it. Either I really sing, or I don't sing."

After saying that, Li Mu hung up the phone.

After more than ten minutes, the program director called Li Mu, but Li Mu did not pick up. The other party had no choice but to call Li Ziwei and said to Li Ziwei, "Assistant Li, please communicate with Li Zong. Tell him that we will do the live audio debugging for him and meet all his requirements. If Li Zong has no objections, we will start preparing."

Li Ziwei could only turn around and confirm with Li Mu. Although Li Mu was unhappy, he did not make any more requests. He did not want to ask if other people lip-synced or not, but he would definitely not lip-synch when the time came.

…

Just as he confirmed with the director of Mother Yang's gala that he would really sing, Li Mu received a call from Chen Wan.

As soon as he got on the phone, Chen Wan asked Li Mu, "Bad boy, I heard that you are going to attend the Central TV's charity gala to fight against SARS?"

"Yeah." Li Mu said, "It's such an important and significant event, I definitely have to go and support it."

As he said that, Li Mu smiled and asked her, "Did the news reach you so quickly?"

Chen Wan smiled and said, "The director in charge of Central TV called our station, hoping that I can go and support this gala."

Li Mu asked puzzledly, "Why do they need you to support them?"

Chen Wan said, "Maybe it's because I just finished the first season of Super Girl, and it's quite popular now, so Mother Yang hopes that I can go and help."

Li Mu nodded.

Mother Yang was the number one media company in the country. Because of its significance, the entertainment value of the gala itself was not as good. Although the charity gala was also a significant performance, it was still an entertainment gala, so it naturally needed singers, actors, and hosts who were well recognized by the market.

Sometimes, the Spring Festival Gala would also borrow people from the local stations, and usually, the people they borrowed were the big brothers or sisters of the local stations, to set up a separate hosting team, to increase the entertainment value of the gala.

Chen Wan said, "Mother Yang's meaning is that there needs to be two hosting teams at the gala. One team is from Central TV, and they are mainly responsible for the serious segments, such as the opening, the announcement of the government's decision, the progress in fighting against SARS, the entrepreneurs' speeches on stage, and the announcement of the donation information. They will all be done by them. The other team is mainly responsible for the entertainment segment, responsible for announcing the performance, interspersing lines, and setting up the atmosphere. Now they want me to be the host for the entertainment segment."

Li Mu understood and asked her, "Then who are you going to partner with?"

Chen Wan said, "Teacher He and I …"

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Why?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "That is to say, when the time comes, the host of Central TV Department 1 will be the host of your Xiangnan Satellite TV Department 1?"

"Yes."

Chen Wan said, "Our leader has agreed to let the two of us prepare and go the day after tomorrow."

"Oh my god."

Li Mu teased her and said, "Your Xiangnan Satellite TV is amazing. Central TV borrowed two hosts from all over the country, and both of them were occupied by your station."

Chen Wan said jokingly, "To be honest, the hosts of other stations may be lucky. They all say that the epidemic in Yanjing is developing faster and it's not safe."

Li Mu said, "It's developing faster, but don't worry too much."

Then, Li Mu asked her, "How are you going to get here?"

Chen Wan said, "We can only go by plane."

Li Mu immediately said, "Then I'll contact the business jet company and ask them to pick you up the day after tomorrow."

"No need!" Chen Wan said, "We'll go by civil aviation."

Li Mu said, "For safety's sake, it's better to charter a plane."

Speaking of this, Li Mu added, "I don't want you to take any risks."

Chen Wan smiled sweetly and said, "I know you care about me, but there's really no need to charter a plane. There are only six of us including our assistants."

Li Mu said, "I'll ask Ziwei to contact the charter company later. If you don't agree, then I won't allow you to come to Yanjing. You can find an excuse to push this matter away."

Chen Wan said, "You're the most overbearing. I'm just afraid that taking a business jet will have a bad influence."

Li Mu said, "I will communicate with the charter company. At that time, they will find the airport to cooperate. Privacy is guaranteed. When you land in Yanjing, I'll ask the driver to pick you up and have a meal at home. My parents happen to be in Yanjing."

Chen Wan agreed without hesitation and said, "Then I'll prepare some gifts for uncle and aunt tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "Don't bother. Just come straight to my house. You can stay at home for the next few days in Yanjing."

Chen Wan said, "If that's the case, wouldn't I leave Teacher He alone?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Invite Teacher He to dinner. My mom likes him very much."