Chapter 92

He heard from a few of his friends in the neighborhood that Guo Yuhang had already been discharged from the hospital.

After he was discharged, he was picked up by a car and sent home. After that, he stayed at home and didn't leave the house. Other than his parents, no one had seen him again.

If Zou Hua hadn't brought seven or eight of his underlings to his door aggressively, Li Mu wouldn't have known whether the rumors were true or not.

Things were also ridiculously coincidental. On the day Guo Yuhang was discharged from the hospital, Zou Hua happened to be released on bail pending trial. Logically speaking, he had caused minor injuries to Guo Yuhang. In addition, Guo Lin had asked his acquaintances to pressure him. This guy should have been arrested immediately. However, the police gave him face and released him directly.

There was a rumor that Zou Hua was released because Song Liang had spoken. Many people didn't believe it. They felt that a small fry like Zou Hua wasn't high enough to be targeted by Song Liang. However, Li Mu believed it. Releasing Zou Hua at this time probably made Guo Lin's family the most upset. Such a coincidence couldn't have happened by anyone other than Song Liang.

As soon as Zou Hua was released, he went to Guo Lin's house and clamored for Guo Lin and Xue Guilan to compensate for his almost scrapped Honda Accord.

His new car was smashed by Zhang Wanjun's underlings before he had even finished breaking in. Zhang Wanjun even said that the debt was on him and asked him to ask him for it. How would Zou Hua dare?

Two hundred thousand dollars was gone just like that. Zou Hua couldn't accept it no matter what. Although he was still carrying the case of causing minor injuries, he still threatened Guo Lin: If you don't compensate, then tell your son to be careful. If you push him too far, then you'll die together with him.

Guo Lin called the police. However, when the police arrived, they only looked at the scene and warned Zou Hua: You can collect the debt, but don't go too far. After saying that, the police left without even chasing Zou Hua away.

This time, Guo Lin was dumbfounded. The police's actions were obviously biased towards Zou Hua. Could it be that this kid had some background?

When Zou Hua saw that the police didn't care about him, he became even more arrogant. He brought his underlings and directly blocked Guo Lin's door, looking like he was going to fight him to the end.

Guo Lin's butt was still on fire, and Zou Hua had suddenly popped out of nowhere, making him very upset. He was also afraid that this guy would do something impulsive, so he wanted to give him money to get out of here. However, he didn't dare to take out more than two hundred thousand to compensate Zou Hua, because he was surrounded by danger. The old leader had also warned him not to let anything happen during this period of time. Taking out two hundred thousand in one go would be giving the other party something to use against him.

Left with no choice, Guo Lin entrusted his younger brother to send Zou Hua two hundred and eighty thousand yuan to send the god of plague away.

After Zou Hua left, Guo Lin's family of three felt like there was a huge rock stuck in their hearts. They felt like they were going to die from suffocation.

Their son was beaten up, and not only did they not get revenge on Li Mu, they even had to take out two hundred and eighty thousand yuan to pay the culprit who beat their son. Was there anything more useless than this in the world?

Xue Guilan made a scene at home, cursing her family for being bullied by dogs. However, even she understood that her husband was surrounded by danger, so she could only grit her teeth and swallow it.

Guo Lin and Xue Guilan had been together for most of their lives, so they knew the principle of being able to bow and submit when necessary. However, Guo Yuhang was young and impetuous, so he couldn't swallow it no matter what. All his anger was focused on Li Mu, but when he thought of the big shots like Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun behind Li Mu, Guo Yuhang felt like his heart was clogged with blood, and he wanted to live a life worse than death.

…

Guo Yuhang's life was worse than death, but Li Mu's life was good.

Every day, Li Mu would find time to check on the progress of the shop's renovation. Coincidentally, a gym opened on the second floor opposite his shop, so Li Mu signed up for a monthly membership and went in to train with the machines for one and a half hours every day. In his previous life, he was a technical dog. He was myopic, fat, and had sub-healthy health at a young age. Now that he was reborn, he also started to pay attention to his health.

After one and a half hours of sweating, Li Mu took a shower in the gym's shower room. He walked out of the gym wearing a short-sleeved shirt and a pair of shorts. The sun was setting in the west, and the breeze brought a slight coolness to his face. He felt refreshed, and there was no need to mention how beautiful he was.

Crossing the road, the shop's renovation was still in progress. The shop's hard work was almost done, and the lighting was being installed. In two days, the cashier, shelves, and fitting room parts would be delivered. After a few more days, the renovation would basically come to an end.

Li Mu pinched his fingers and calculated. His parents would be back the day after tomorrow, and his free life wouldn't last long.

There weren't many things to do at the moment. The Internet Water Army had Zhao Kang, and Yi Ting had Kong Lingyu. He could take time to go to Shanghai and see Chen Wan. Since the last time they parted at the Jinling train station, Li Mu always missed her inexplicably.

After staying in the shop for more than ten minutes, Li Mu was about to go home when he suddenly received a call from Song Liang.

"Little Mu, where are you?"

"I'm in the shop, and I'm about to go home. Brother Liang, what's the matter?"

"It's nothing. After you're done with your work, take some time to go to the broadcasting building. I've prepared a small gift for you."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "What gift, Brother Liang?"

"Go see for yourself."

Li Mu was curious, but fortunately, the broadcasting building was not far from his shop, so he said goodbye to the person in charge of the shop's renovation and left.

He turned right at the intersection, walked a few hundred meters, and then turned left. Li Mu looked up at a 13-story broadcasting building opposite him. This was one of the few high-rise buildings in Haizhou City. Haizhou TV Station and Haizhou Radio Station were both located here.

However, why did Song Liang want me to see it?

I've seen tall buildings, and I've seen a lot of skyscrapers that haven't been built yet.

While he was surprised, Li Mu suddenly saw a huge spray painting advertisement hanging halfway up the side of the broadcasting building.

Compared to the floor, this huge advertisement was at least five stories high. There was a huge photo of Guo Tianwang, the logo of Metersbonwe, and a string of big words next to it: Metersbonwe Haizhou Exclusive Store is about to open. Store address: 58 South Street, Ximenkou … "

Li Mu was really stunned. He had seen such a large building advertisement, but he never thought that his exclusive store could hang such a domineering building advertisement. Haizhou was very small. Such an advertisement would be known by the whole city in three days. The effect was much stronger than broadcasting an advertisement on the local TV station.

Recalling that Song Liang had told her before that there would be several vacant building advertisements at the beginning of August, she was moved. She took out her mobile phone and called Song Liang. She was flattered and said, "Brother Liang, how can I accept this …"

"Don't mention it."

Song Liang's tone was very indifferent as he said, "All the buildings in the city with more than eight floors are in my hands. My last building was sold out, and these advertising spaces are idle."

Li Mu really didn't want to owe Song Liang too much. He already owed him a big favor for Guo Yuhang's matter last time. Although he later made a simple plan to invite Song Liang to dinner together to help him return the favor, in Li Mu's view, he hadn't returned the favor yet. He didn't expect Song Liang to give him another big gift.

However, in Song Liang's view, this kind of building advertisement for Li Mu for free for a period of time was simply a lift of a finger. He even customized a huge spray painting for Li Mu at his own expense. To be a good person to the end was Song Liang's consistent principle.

What's more, even Li Mu didn't know that Song Liang was in awe of him deep in his heart.

Long before he asked Song Liang for help, Song Liang had captured some information from Ye Tianming's father, Ye Youdao. The way Li Mu hyped up a simple plan on the Internet made Ye Youdao admire it.

However, it was not enough to make Song Liang revere Li Mu, an 18-year-old young man.

What really made him revere was a matter that had been hotly discussed in the streets of Haizhou recently: the series of incidents where Guo Lin kept a female college student.

Others didn't know the inside story, but Song Liang guessed it.

The guy that Li Mu beat last time was called Guo Yuhang, and Guo Lin was his father. Just a few days after he helped Li Mu settle that matter, a bunch of inexplicable netizens appeared on the Internet and began to attack Guo Lin overwhelmingly. They really took out the concrete evidence that he kept a female college student. Later, Xue Guilan rushed to the Education Bureau and beat Zhao Lina violently, which made Guo Lin extremely passive. Song Liang combined the common points of the two incidents and immediately guessed that the mastermind behind this matter was Li Mu.

An 18-year-old teenager could stir up such a powerful destructive force, and he could hide himself extremely well. This teenager could no longer be measured by ordinary people. He deserved to be in awe of him.

It was also because of this that Song Liang firmly believed that Li Mu's future was limitless. He even had an intuition that Li Mu's future achievements were very likely to be far above his own. Therefore, Li Mu was more worthy of him trying his best to maintain. What was the icing on the cake?

"This afternoon, I put up four advertisements for your building. This is only one of them. The other three are also in the city center. You can see them all if you walk around."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Thank you, Brother Liang. When are you free? I'll treat you to a meal."

"Okay, in two days." Song Liang said with a smile, "I have a lot of things to do recently. I'll look for you when I'm done."

"Okay!"

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu walked around the city a few times and saw the other three advertisements. They were basically the same size as the previous one, and they were also in very eye-catching positions.

Li Mu thought that this time, the exposure of his store should be unprecedented.

More importantly, Song Liang's advertisement could not only bring him exposure, but also the officials, businessmen, and gangsters in Haizhou knew that the advertising resources in Song Liang's hands had always been for his own use. Even if he was idle, he would not rent them out. Now that he had made such a big advertisement for a clothing store, everyone could also see the signal that Song Liang wanted to send: this store had a special relationship with him.

Knowing this, everyone also understood in their hearts that after the opening of this Metersbonway in the future, whether it was the industrial and commercial tax authorities or the urban management peers, they would not dare to interfere in the slightest. When they needed someone to give the green light, they must not screw up.