Chapter 454

Wang Xinran and Chen Yueyue weren't very familiar with each other. They went to different high schools, but since the third year of high school, they had both taken professional courses in the acting class of the Film Academy. Chen Yueyue's appearance was average. She was the kind of girl who would be hard to find in a crowd. Her acting skills were also very exaggerated. Basically, she was the one with the worst appearance among the girls in the class. However, Chen Yueyue had one thing that others couldn't compare to. That was, her family was rich.

It was said that Chen Yueyue's family was a billionaire. Her mother often drove a Rolls-Royce to pick her up at the Yan Jing Film Academy. Usually, Chen Yueyue was more flamboyant in the class.

Wang Xinran clearly knew that Chen Yueyue had always been at the bottom of the class in terms of professional subjects. Today's encounter made her realize a fact. Even Chen Yueyue, who was at the bottom of the class in terms of professional subjects, had been admitted to Yanjing Film Academy.

Wang Xinran's expression was very gloomy. She unconsciously twisted her body slightly, afraid that Chen Yueyue would recognize her.

At this time, Chen Yueyue's mother, Zhang Lan, was in an exceptionally good mood. After she told them that her husband planned to invest in her daughter's movie, she had been quietly observing Director Xu and Director Dan's expressions. She found that both of them had a kind of unconcealable excitement. She knew that her goal had been achieved.

The reason why Zhang Lan threw out this joke was nothing more than to draw a pie in the sky for the two of them. She wanted them to understand that their family would spend a lot of money to promote their daughter in the future. They were businessmen in the traditional industry. They knew nothing about movies. They didn't have professional skills or talents. They just had money. In the future, when they invested in movies, they had to find people who knew the industry and had resources to help them spend money. As long as they maintained a good relationship with their family, they would have a chance to get a share of the profits in the future.

As for how to maintain a good relationship, it was too simple. They just had to take care of their daughter and provide her with everything they could.

Therefore, she said with a face full of smiles, "In the future, Yueyue's matters will all depend on the two of you."

Director Xu and Director Dan nodded repeatedly. They kept saying, "Of course, of course. In the future, the child will be in our school. You and Mr. Chen can rest assured."

Director Xu and Director Dan each received a six-figure sum from Zhang Lan. In their hearts, Zhang Lan was the goddess of wealth, so they naturally had to cater to her.

While they were chatting unscrupulously at the other table, Wang Xinran was full of grievances as she listened. This was the kind of person who could take away what belonged to others just because her family was rich and had connections. She had not only taken away her chance to enter the Film Academy, but also her dream.

There were only two classes in the acting major of the Film Academy every year, and less than a hundred students were enrolled. Those who could get in with their own abilities were basically very professional. For example, Wang Xinran, who had been squeezed out by more than twenty people with connections, was finally able to top the list among thousands of people who had failed. It was enough to show that her professional qualities were definitely up to standard. However, it was also enough to show that she was really unlucky. With so many people using connections, Wang Xinran could have been the last one to be admitted. However, things just happened so dramatically. It was this feeling of extreme bad luck that made her unable to recover from it for the whole day.

However, Wang Xinran had never expected that she would meet Chen Yueyue when Li Mu had just invited her sister out for a meal. Moreover, she had heard with her own ears that Chen Yueyue was one of the main culprits who had squeezed her out. This made her mood, which had originally improved a little, suddenly become gloomy again.

Not only her, but Li Mu and Su Yingxue were also very dissatisfied with Chen Yueyue and her mother, as well as the two directors of the Film Academy.

Especially Li Mu, who glanced at the four people at the table out of the corner of his eyes, was quite displeased.

It was not uncommon to embezzle public resources, but the most infuriating thing was to embezzle education resources. For example, Chen Yueyue did not have the qualifications, but she still had to use money to achieve her goal of entering Yan Jing Film Academy. In a situation where the admission quota was fixed, her appearance was like a robber, directly taking away what should have belonged to others from their hands. Li Mu was full of disgust towards this kind of people and their parents.

And the two directors of the school, who used education resources for the public as a bargaining chip in exchange for their own interests, disregarded the efforts of other students, and treated students' dreams and future as child's play for the sake of benefits. This kind of people did not deserve to work in the education system at all.

After sitting for a while, Wang Xinran really felt too suffocated, so she stood up and said to Li Mu and Su Yingxue, "Sister, brother-in-law, I'm going to the washroom."

As Wang Xinran spoke, she had already stood up and was about to turn in the direction of the washroom when Chen Yueyue suddenly saw a figure standing up from the corner of her eyes. She involuntarily glanced at it and immediately recognized Wang Xinran.

"Xinran, why are you here!"

Chen Yueyue suddenly greeted Wang Xinran with a face full of joy, causing Wang Xinran to be at a loss for words.

She wanted to get up and go to the washroom because she did not want to hear them talk about those infuriating and disgusting things, but she did not expect to be recognized by Chen Yueyue the moment she got up.

Wang Xinran could only smile awkwardly at Chen Yueyue and said, "Yueyue, it's you, what a coincidence."

After saying that, Wang Xinran wanted to step into the washroom, but she did not expect Chen Yueyue to actually stand up and take the initiative to move in front of her. She held Wang Xinran's hand, as if they were very close, but what she said next made Li Mu instantly explode.

He heard Chen Yueyue say with a fake smile, "I didn't expect you to dare to come here to eat. The expenses here are so high, I don't know if a child from a poor family like you can afford it.

Can the money your parents earn in a year be enough for you to eat here? "

As soon as these words came out, Li Mu instantly exploded. Su Yingxue and the other diners were all stunned.

Although the customers of Fayue Restaurant were all rich people, because of Li Tong's supervision, they all looked decent on the surface. No matter how many men and women were in their stomachs, at least they looked amiable on the surface and talked about benevolence and morality. No one had ever heard such harsh words in Fayue Restaurant.

Li Mu slammed the table and jumped up. He pointed at Chen Yueyue, who looked like a scheming b * tch, and scolded, "What are you talking about?

Do you have any manners? "

Chen Yueyue frowned, stared at Li Mu with her triangular eyes, and shouted, "Who are you?

What does it have to do with you?

Did I step on your tail? "

Li Mu narrowed his eyes and looked at her, then looked at Chen Yueyue's mother, Zhang Lan, and asked, "Who brought this girl here?

She's so uncultured, don't you know how to discipline her? "

When Zhang Lan heard this, she immediately stood up and flung the chair away. She glared at Li Mu and asked loudly, "Who are you talking about?

Who are you calling uncultured?

Who the f * ck are you? How dare you scold me while pointing at the mulberry tree?

Do you know who I am? "

Li Mu said coldly, "I don't know who you are, and I'm too lazy to scold you while pointing at the mulberry tree. I'm talking about your daughter. If you don't teach her well, lock her at home and don't let her out to bite people."

When Zhang Lan heard Li Mu's impolite words, she immediately got angry and said arrogantly, "Brat, it's only in Fayue Restaurant. If it's another place, I'll get someone to tear your mouth apart!"

Li Mu squinted at her and said, "Come on, why don't you tear it for me?"

At this time, Chen Yueyue also got angry. She even skipped the expression of a scheming b * tch and looked at Wang Xinran with disdain. She pointed at Wang Xinran's face and sneered wildly, "You're dying of sadness now that you didn't get in by half a point, right?

Let me tell you, you asked for it. I've been sick of you for a long time. You've been flirting in the training class all day long, and you even dared to seduce Wei Tianyu. To tell you the truth, I asked my mom to find someone to change your score. You f * cking want to enter the Film Academy? Dream on!

If you dare to take the exam next year, I'll guarantee that you won't get in! "

Lin Xinran felt like she was struck by lightning after hearing this. Su Yingxue was furious and rushed over to pull Lin Xinran behind her. Then she pushed away Chen Yueyue's aggressive fingers. She didn't expect Chen Yueyue to be even more aggressive. She reached out to slap Su Yingxue and scolded, "F * ck, where did this b * tch come from?

You dare to push me? "

The scene went out of control. Li Mu saw that she was going to hit Su Yingxue and Su Yingxue dodged it by taking a step back. He was instantly furious. He didn't care about his gentlemanly demeanor anymore. He rushed forward and pushed Chen Yueyue, who was about to hit Su Yingxue, to the side. He pointed at her and said word by word, "Try and move again. Don't think that I don't hit women!"

"You dare to touch my daughter!"

Zhang Lan saw that Li Mu pushed her daughter and immediately became angry. She grabbed her LV handbag and threw it at Li Mu.

"F * ck, do you want to hit me?"

Li Mu scolded and reached out to grab the handbag that was thrown at him. With a sudden tug, he pulled Zhang Lan's handbag out of her hands. Then, Li Mu was so angry that he threw the LV handbag on the ground. The contents of the handbag were instantly scattered everywhere.

Zhang Lan was instantly furious. She pointed at Li Mu and said, "Fine, don't leave if you have the guts. I'll call someone to take care of you!"

As Zhang Lan said this, she reached out and picked up her phone from the table to make a call. Li Mu ignored her and questioned Chen Yueyue, "You said that you got someone to change Xinran's score, right?"

Chen Yueyue was used to being arrogant. She glared at Li Mu and said fiercely, "I got someone to change it. So what?

If you have a move, then go. If you don't, then die! "

As soon as she said this, Li Mu, Su Yingxue, and Wang Xinran all understood. Wang Xinran wasn't just unlucky and was pushed out by someone with connections. It was Chen Yueyue who purposely found someone to lower her score. At that moment, all three of them were furious, especially Wang Xinran. She knew that she was being double-schemed. She angrily pointed at Chen Yueyue and questioned, "What right do you have to change my score?

You're despicable and shameless! "