Chapter 1000

It was the nature of businessmen to pursue profits, and the Taobao sellers were naturally the same. The reason why the Taobao Alliance did not promote branded goods in the shops of small and medium-sized sellers was to prevent fakes.

However, there were still a small number of Taobao sellers who smuggled their own goods in the process of selling in order to pursue greater profits.

Li Mu's attitude toward counterfeits was not ambiguous at all. If they were discovered, they must be eliminated immediately. Therefore, he immediately discussed with Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo and formulated a strategy to deal with the sellers.

The first step was to focus on attacking the sellers who already had evidence of selling fake goods. They had to ban all the shops that sold fake goods and completely erase the shop information from the front desk.

The second step was to request all the sellers who were suspected of selling fake goods to compensate the consumers who bought the fake goods. For those who refused to do so, Taobao would ban their shops indefinitely until all the consumers showed their understanding.

The third step was to announce to the public the details of the operation to crack down on the sale of Taobao and give the strictest warning to all the Taobao sellers.

The fourth step, which was also the most important one, was to leak the name list of all the shops that had been shut down and the contact information of the shop owners.

Taobao had the absolute right to shut down all shops that sold fake goods. However, strictly speaking, as a company, Taobao did not have the right to force sellers to pay three times the price of fake goods. However, Li Mu did not mind. This was his platform, and he had the final say in the rules. Even if this was not legal, it did not stop him from using this kind of coercive measure to punish sellers who sold fake goods.

Cracking down on counterfeits was a long road. Without the support of legislation, it would be extremely difficult to completely eliminate counterfeits online.

Li Mu had long proposed to the government to legislate against counterfeits in the e-commerce industry, but he also expected that the legislation would take a long time. If Le Tao was really attracted by the fake goods, then with Boss Ma's character, he would definitely seize the opportunity to become stronger and bigger. Once the fake goods gathered in Le Tao and formed enough influence, it was tantamount to unknowingly becoming a living target. The government would definitely pay more attention to the legislation, and Le Tao would be the first to be shot.

As for whether Boss Ma would choose this path in his life, Li Mu had no doubt.

From Li Mu's point of view, one's nature was an innate, deep-rooted label that was extremely difficult to change. As someone who had been reborn, it was difficult for him to escape the mindset of a programmer. Boss Ma had never experienced rebirth, so it was almost impossible for his personality to change drastically.

Li Mu had basically blocked all the routes that Le Tao could take, leaving only the "sewer" full of filth. Li Mu didn't want to be contaminated by filth, so he naturally couldn't block Boss Ma on this "road".

Li Mu had planned for such a long time. He had drawn Boss Ma into his encirclement and only left him such a "way out". When the time came, Boss Ma, who was tightly encircled by him, would definitely choose this "way". Not only would he take it, but he would do it without hesitation and at full speed.

…

Because Le Tao had completely blocked the seller's right to take down and edit the product's information, Dong Shaoping had already cursed the entire Le Tao in his heart. He even cursed all eight generations of his ancestors.

On the contrary, Han Wei's business was becoming more and more prosperous. He didn't even hesitate to quit his job at the clothing factory. Then, he rented a small courtyard with four rooms in the village, prepared to hire a few helpers, and put all his effort into running Taobao.

Seeing that Le Tao had blocked his rights, Dong Shaoping knew that it was impossible for him to pass the Taobao Alliance's review. The only way was to register a new shop, then start from scratch, bit by bit. However, this wasn't something that could be achieved in a short period of time. Now that the competition in Taobao was getting more and more intense, it would probably take at least half a year to build a shop that was about the same size as his current shop.

If Han Wei was given half a year, this guy might be able to earn tens of millions.

The only thing that was worth celebrating was that although Taobao had excluded his own shop from the Taobao Alliance, he still had some foundation. He had a stable income of a few thousand yuan every month, which was much better than most workers.

While using this stable income to continue living, he could also start a new shop. In this way, although it was a little hard, his income wouldn't be affected.

It wasn't easy for someone like Dong Shaoping to accept this reality. Perhaps only he knew how much pain, regret, and anger he had experienced.

However, even Dong Shaoping himself didn't know that Taobao wasn't going to let him go.

The Taobao website's special campaign to crack down on fake and shoddy products had quietly begun!

Just as Dong Shaoping was working hard to run his own Taobao shop, he suddenly received a cold notification from Taobao. "Your shop has been closed by the website due to selling fake products. Please click here for more information …"

Dong Shaoping felt like he had been struck by lightning. Closed shop?!

If the shop was closed, wouldn't his monthly income of a few thousand yuan go down the drain?!

Dong Shaoping's heart was in his throat. He quickly clicked on the detailed link and entered it. His heart instantly felt like it had fallen into an ice cellar.

First of all, the detailed content listed the evidence of him selling fake products. Many of the branded clothes he sold were all fake. It could be said that the evidence was conclusive.

Secondly, the detailed content stated that Taobao's measure for his shop was to close it indefinitely. If he wanted the shop to reopen, he had to compensate all the consumers who had bought the fake products by three times. If he didn't, he had to get the forgiveness of all the consumers who had bought the fake products.

Consumers could find the "forgiveness" option in the corresponding fake orders. Clicking 'Confirm' would mean that they had truly forgiven the seller. If the seller sold a total of a thousand fake products to eight hundred consumers, then if he wasn't willing to compensate three times, he had to get all eight hundred consumers to click 'Confirm' to forgive him. Not a single one less.

Like Dong Shaoping, the shop that was closed due to selling fake products had its front desk, back desk, and the corresponding YY number of the shop blocked. The seller had no way of contacting their buyers. Unless they still had all the invoices, as long as one person was missing, they wouldn't be able to complete the arduous task of "forgiveness."

However, the attentive Li Mu gave them a quick window to pay for their sins. Although they couldn't see any of the Taobao's previous sales records, Taobao would automatically calculate and generate a total amount of fake products for them based on their sales records. They only needed to transfer the corresponding amount to the designated Alipay account based on three times the total amount of fake products. Then, Taobao would compensate all the consumers on their behalf. As long as the money was paid, the shop would be able to reopen.

Dong Shaoping had also seen his "fake sales data". Taobao had determined that he was involved in a total of 2,364 orders with a total of 18959 yuan. The compensation was calculated according to three times the original amount, so he had to pay 56877 yuan. If he wanted the shop to reopen, he had to pay the money.

Although the profit from selling fake products was high, it was impossible to achieve zero cost. Therefore, even a compensation of one time was enough to give them a headache. A compensation of three times was simply asking for their lives!

Dong Shaoping was completely in despair. Since he started Taobao, he had only made a total of twenty to thirty thousand yuan. In the end, he only saved a mere ten thousand yuan. However, he had to pay a huge sum of 56877 yuan to reopen the ban. He couldn't fork out this amount of money no matter what.

This was really a case of rain falling on a roof. Bad things happened one after another. He didn't even have the chance to react.

After the shop was closed, Dong Shaoping's income was completely cut off. Moreover, the most disgusting thing was that Taobao had closed the backend and YY. He didn't even have time to organize a customer list. If he were to reopen the shop, he would have to start from scratch again.

The pain and hatred in Dong Shaoping's heart was indescribable. He lost his money, his shop, and his future job. It was almost like he had returned to the time before liberation.

Looking at the entire Taobao website, there were nearly a hundred sellers who had the same experience as Dong Shaoping!

Among them, there were even sellers with high credit ratings and those who had been recommended by the Taobao Alliance.

These sellers used their own special methods to sell fake goods on Taobao website. Normally, their monthly income would easily exceed ten thousand yuan. After being promoted by the Taobao Alliance, some shops' sales reached hundreds of thousands in a day. Their ability to generate income was like a gold mine. The shop owners almost went crazy when they were suddenly closed.

After the sudden attack, Taobao stood up and announced its anti-counterfeiting operation to the entire internet. Although there were many attacks and curses on the internet from the shop owners who sold fake goods that were closed, most of the comments were in support and praise of this anti-counterfeiting operation. This fight was supported by all the consumers and most of the sellers.

Consumers who hadn't bought fake goods were not victims of fake goods. Therefore, they couldn't be a user group who took the initiative to buy fake goods. Therefore, these people supported the anti-counterfeiting operation unconditionally.

Consumers who had bought fake goods but knew that they were fake felt that the anti-counterfeiting operation was a little inappropriate. However, when they thought that they might get three times the compensation that Taobao fought for for them, they changed their attitude and began to support the anti-counterfeiting operation.

As for those consumers who had bought fake goods but didn't know that they were fake goods, they simply raised both hands in support of the anti-counterfeiting operation.

As for the sellers who had never sold fake goods, they were naturally very happy when they saw the sellers who didn't abide by the rules being punished so severely. It was a great thing for them that the industry was being purified.

Taobao's action of fighting soon caused a huge impact on the entire internet. Boss Ma of Le Tao also heard about it in a very short time.

When he first heard the news, Boss Ma didn't have any astonishment or hesitation. His heart immediately lit up.