Chapter 872

At nine o 'clock in the morning, Lei Jianguo quietly arrived at Taobao Network.

Li Mu led the company's middle and upper management staff and held a simple but grand welcoming ceremony for Lei Jianguo, which made Lei Jianguo feel extremely flattered.

Today, Li Mu's status and identity were vastly different from yesterday. Yesterday, he was the pride of Hua Xia's internet industry, the brightest star. Today, he had become the true godfather of Hua Xia's internet industry, and without a doubt, a leading figure.

Lei Jianguo had been rejoicing since last night, rejoicing that he had accepted Li Mu's invitation. With Li Mu's ability and influence, he would definitely be able to build Taobao Network into a giant in Hua Xia's internet industry. Being the COO of such a company was much better than being the CEO of Jinshan or any other internet industry!

To Li Mu, Lei Jianguo's joining was also a blessing, and it had an extraordinary positive effect on the team.

Because Lei Jianguo was very famous, even a veteran like him had joined Taobao Network. This had brought a huge boost to the morale of the Taobao Network team, and also made them value their work and platform even more.

After the simple welcoming ceremony, Li Mu called for a morning meeting. Other than introducing the key positions to Lei Jianguo, he also gave Lei Jianguo a rough plan of the current work priorities.

Li Mu planned three priorities for Lei Jianguo:

First, quickly integrate into the team, and get into the zone.

Second, quickly bring in the Joyo Network team, and quickly let Taobao digest the Joyo Network's business and users.

Third, take on the work related to the big daily necessities promotion with him.

There was no doubt about Lei Jianguo's professionalism. After the morning meeting, he immediately got into the rhythm of work, familiarizing himself with the team, gathering the backbones, and discussing the current work situation. All of these were at his fingertips, and he did not show any signs of unfamiliarity.

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. Every time a veteran in the Huaxia Internet industry was poached, the most direct feeling for him was to have such a helper by his side, and he felt that the burden on his shoulders was instantly lifted a lot.

While Li Mu was relaxed, Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou, was having a hard time.

For Boss Ma, bad news had been coming in one after another recently. Sometimes, he still followed the rules and queued up one by one. Sometimes, the rules would be broken and the bad news would swarm in like a swarm of bees, making him unable to deal with it.

Li Mu's acquisition of the Joyo Network was bad news for Boss Ma, because no matter how inconspicuous the Joyo Network was, after Taobao acquired it, it would become even more complete.

Li Mu's promotion to the industry leader last night was even worse news for Boss Ma, because he knew very well that Li Mu's gains last night were worth at least a few billion.

This morning, there was another bad news. The chairman of the Joyo Network, the CEO of Golden Mountain, Lei Jun, officially joined Taobao Network, and became the COO of Taobao Network.

To Boss Ma, his military strength was already much weaker than his opponent's, and he didn't expect that his opponent would have another strong leader. This Lei Jun was going to lead Taobao Network to fight against him in the future, and this brought him a lot of pressure.

However, Boss Ma was already numb, because ever since he decided to become enemies with Li Mu and seize the retail e-commerce market, nothing good had happened to him. Now that he was about to officially declare war against Li Mu, no amount of bad news would be able to slow him down. Le Tao's promotional activities had already started, and success or failure depended on this. If he could stand firm in the huge wave of Taobao, then he would have the opportunity to slowly strengthen himself in the future. If he couldn't, then he would just have to focus on the B2B business, and in the next few years, the capital would probably not allow him to continue trying C2C or B2C.

…

Li Mu's words were still spreading.

Just as the domestic media was competing to report and the experts were competing to criticize, the Japanese and Korean media were also paying attention to the birth of Li Mu, the new leader of Hua Xia Network. It wasn't even noon, and there was only an hour's time difference between Japan and China, but a large number of online media had already started to report on Li Mu, his company, and his deeds.

The Korean media was relatively calm about the report on Li Mu, and they felt that Li Mu was the well-deserved new flagship of Hua Xia Network, and that the development of Hua Xia Network would change because of him.

However, the Japanese media's praise for Li Mu had shocked the Hua Xia Media.

The character of the Japanese was very strange. They were a combination of extreme arrogance and extreme inferiority. They were also a mixture of extreme discipline and extreme rebellion. However, their tradition of respecting the strong had always been there.

The Japanese media hailed Li Mu as the "true genius" of the East Asian Network Industry. In the report, not only did they clearly list Li Mu's development timeline and the corresponding product lines, they even specially attached the process of several battles between Li Mu and his competitors, and even introduced the small game that Makino Technology had swept all of Hua Xia Network – Happy Farm.

Japan was a big country in the game industry, but the senior practitioners in the Japanese game industry also gave high praise to Happy Farm. They felt that the current Happy Farm had taken a different approach. The game's structure, balance, and playability were all very high. Although the game was very small, the core was definitely an excellent product that was rare in the Hua Xia Game Industry.

Not only did the Japanese media give Li Mu the title of genius, but they also called Li Mu the strategist of the Hua Xia Network Industry. They even did not forget to remind the practitioners in the Japanese Internet Industry to be vigilant and careful.

The original text in the report was: "Li Mu has become the key to Hua Xia Network out of the impact of the bubble burst. While the Internet in various countries has yet to recover from the huge impact of the bubble burst, Li Mu is ready to become the first person to rush out of Hua Xia Network and into the world. The Internet practitioners in Japan should learn from the practices of the neighboring countries and find a breakthrough point in the depressed market as soon as possible."

Immediately after that, the European Internet media also began to report. However, the European media did not pay much attention to it. They only treated the changes in the Internet industry between Li Mu and Hua Xia as a short message and simply reported it in an inconspicuous position.

At night, due to the time difference, the American media on the other side of the ocean, especially the American technology media, got the news. They were the furthest away from Hua Xia, but they paid more attention to Hua Xia Network than any other country.

The Li Mu Incident had been brewing for nearly 24 hours. The American technology media started to prepare this morning, which was the night before local time. After the local time arrived in the morning, all kinds of reports quickly covered the entire North American Internet. Even many television and traditional print media participated in the reports and discussions.

The American media looked at this matter from many angles. Many of them focused their attention on Li Mu himself and conducted a very detailed analysis of Li Mu himself.

The Silicon Valley media understood the deeper aspects of the Internet the best, so their praise for Li Mu was no less than the Japanese media. The Silicon Valley media believed that Li Mu was definitely the best product manager for Hua Xia. Even in the global Internet industry, he could be ranked in the top ten!

This praise was too much!

It shocked the Americans themselves. One of the top ten product managers in the world?

Why?

When the Silicon Valley media threw out this concept, they also gave an answer.

After the Silicon Valley media analyzed all of Li Mu's products, they came to a very clear conclusion: the best product Li Mu had created was YY.

3321 won in terms of creativity and entry point, perfectly binding college students and high school parents together; Taobao won in terms of tactical and strategic awareness, with the shadow of eBay and Amazon in its model; Alipay won in terms of incubation methods and ecological integration, but it was still imitating PayPal in its essence.

Therefore, except for YY, all of Li Mu's products won in the brain segment, which was the mode of thinking. Only YY was a super awesome product that amazed Silicon Valley!

The current YY, with its perfect experience, powerful functions, and awesome products, had long left MSN and ICQ in the dust. The Silicon Valley media even believed that compared with YY, MSN and ICQ were like prehistoric products. The gap between the two and YY could basically be described as the difference between heaven and earth.

The Wall Street media also paid attention to Li Mu and his company. They also gave great praise to Li Mu. The original words of the Wall Street Journal were: "Hua Xia is the youngest billionaire and the Internet upstart. He may also be the youngest among the world's self-made billionaires."

In addition, the Wall Street media did not focus on technology like the Silicon Valley media. They looked at the market, capital, profits, and room for development.

In the view of the Wall Street media, the Hua Xia government's strong support for the development of the Internet at this time was definitely great news. For US hardware and software manufacturers, Internet service providers, and capitalists, it represented a huge business opportunity!

This was a huge market with a population of 1.3 billion. The reason why US Internet companies did not get involved much was that they always felt that the Hua Xia Internet was still in its infancy. Therefore, for Silicon Valley, they were more inclined to invest in some Hua Xia Internet companies at a low price, rather than go to the Hua Xia market and work hard as pioneers.

The Wall Street media called on US hardware manufacturers to seize this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. They called on Intel to seize the Hua Xia market, called on HP, Dell, and IBM, and other companies to pay attention to the Hua Xia market as soon as possible, and even called on Amazon, Google, and other companies to seize the Hua Xia market as soon as possible. They also advocated that US capitalists must hurry to invest in Hua Xia Internet companies before the rise of Hua Xia Internet, because no one dared to underestimate the ability of the 1.3 billion people on the other side of the ocean. No one knew what kind of incredible miracles they could create.

Li Mu saw these reports in the overseas media through the Internet. He did not expect that with the major government measures to promote the Internet industry, he could be noticed around the world this time.

After reading many reports in the US media, Li Mu had mixed feelings.

He was happy that his product was praised by the US technology media, which provided a very good warm-up effect for the future globalization of YY. He was worried that the eyes of those on Wall Street were too sharp. Their nose for gold was much sharper than a hound's. If these financial media really incited a large group of US capitalists and US Internet companies to enter the Hua Xia market, it would not be a good thing for the Hua Xia market.