Chapter 884

Dang Dang was a loser in his previous life, so Li Mu's first impression of it was that it was a loser.

However, Li Mu had neglected a fact. Because of his rebirth, the Chinese internet landscape had changed.

In Li Guoqing's previous life, when Amazon wanted to choose between Dangdang and Joyo, Li Guoqing's pride and arrogance made him very resistant to acquiring Dangdang. In the end, Amazon bought Joyo and became Amazon Joyo.

At that time, Li Guoqing was so confident because he did not have an opponent who could crush him. In fact, he was much stronger than Joyo.

But now, the situation had changed drastically. First of all, it was impossible to have Amazon, because Joyo had become a part of Taobao. Moreover, Li Guoqing's situation was different from when Amazon entered Hua Xia in his previous life. Just like what Su Yingxue said, he knew that he would die if he resisted alone. Therefore, he would put down his arrogance and confidence, and take the initiative to find an ally or a backer.

The situation had changed, and everything would change. Attitude was one of the changes.

As long as Dang Dang did not wait for death, it would definitely choose between an ally or a backer, or even both.

After understanding this, Li Mu was annoyed at his own arrogance and overconfidence. At the same time, he was thinking of a way to deal with it. At the same time, he was glad that Su Yingxue had thought of this for him.

With her reminder, Li Mu instantly had a clear idea of what to do next. First of all, the most important thing was Taobao's big promotion for daily necessities this month. If this battle was successful, it would establish the structure and foundation of Taobao in China's e-commerce industry. Through Taobao, the netizens would be able to connect online shopping with their lives.

Apart from that, he had to be wary of Dang Dang and Ali while he was planning for YY's global expansion. He had to be wary of Dang Dang and Ali. He had to be wary of Amazon and eBay's movements. If they really wanted to expand in China, he would have to fight them at the same time.

The two chatted until late at night. Su Yingxue had to meet Wang Xinran the next morning and accompany her to school, so the two hugged each other to sleep. Su Yingxue fell asleep quickly, but Li Mu had insomnia. He kept thinking about his various strategies, and only fell asleep after midnight.

The next morning, Su Yingxue woke up early and washed up. She changed into a clean set of clothes and returned to the bedroom to give Li Mu a kiss. Only then did she sneak out to go to the National People's Congress to wait for Wang Xinran.

She knew that Wang Xinran was a sly girl. The reason why she found out about her relationship with Li Mu was because she didn't know that Wang Xinran had been hiding in the bookstore near the school and saw her intimate actions with Li Mu. If Wang Xinran found out that she didn't go back to her dorm last night and slept at Li Mu's place, she might tell her family about it.

Li Mu slept late and did not wake up until ten o 'clock. Just after ten o' clock, his phone buzzed under his pillow. Li Mu was awakened from his sweet dream. He reached out for the phone and saw that it was Lei Jun, Hierarch Lei Jun, who was calling.

Thinking about the task he gave him last night, Li Mu came back to his senses and sat up immediately. He answered the phone and asked, "Boss Lei, is there any news?"

On the other end of the phone, Lei Jianguo's voice was very serious. "Li Zong, the situation is a little complicated!"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't worry, tell me slowly!"

Patriarch Lei grunted and said, "Last night, I found some friends in the industry to understand and talk about it. After combining the statements of a few parties, I roughly came to a more accurate conclusion."

As he said that, Lei Jianguo paused and said word by word, "The day after you revealed on TV that you wanted to promote book sales, Li Guoqing flew to Shanghai. He first met people from Yi Qu, then went to Hangzhou to meet Boss Ma."

Li Mu quickly asked, "What's the conclusion?"

Cult Master Lei said, "eBay is not interested in Dangdang, but Boss Ma is very active. It's said that he wants to separate the C2C website that he has been hiding from Ali. Then, he will use 19% of the shares and a certain amount of cash to acquire Dangdang."

Li Mu frowned. "Boss Ma's website is not online yet, and he wants to acquire Li Guoqing with just 19% shares and cash?

Also, why does it have to be accurate to 19%? "

Cult Leader Lei said, "I haven't finished. This matter isn't as simple as Boss Ma breaking down the branch companies and acquiring Dang Dang. SoftBank is the middleman to bring Amazon in, and Amazon will own 30% of the shares at 500 million.

In this case, Alibaba will hold 51%, Amazon will hold 30%, and Dangdang will hold 19% of the company's shares. "

Li Mu's heart skipped a beat. Damn, in just a few days, these three companies reached an agreement?

After all, this is Boss Ma's platform, and it's understandable for Ali to be the controlling shareholder. After all, Softbank is backing the company. But Amazon, which is worth close to 10 billion USD, is willing to be a supporting actor in Hua Xia market?

To Li Mu's question, Lei Jianguo replied, "They seem to have reached an agreement privately. Ali and Dangdang will be the sellers, and Amazon will be the buyer. I am not sure about the specific terms, but I heard that if Ali and Dangdang win, Amazon will own 30% of the company's shares. If Ali and Dangdang lose, Amazon will own 50% or more of the company's shares."

Li Mu finally understood.

Amazon must have realized that Taobao has a strong foundation in Hua Xia, and they are bringing in money to compete with Taobao. If they were to compete with Taobao from scratch, it will be the same as using money to recruit soldiers and train their troops. With Taobao's development speed, Amazon will not be able to win.

For the Amazon, he had to find a suitable point of focus, or rather, choose a suitable warlord in the country, directly give him weapons and ammunition, and expand his army on the basis of his original foundation. This way, he could quickly achieve a stronger fighting force, and fight against Taobao.

If Amazon only wants to acquire Dangdang, with Li Mu's ruthless policies, it will be impossible. That's why Amazon can only sacrifice their shares and look for a warlord that is stronger than Dangdang. If they invest in Dangdang, not only will they have to deal with Taobao, but they will also have to deal with Le Tao.

If the three companies were to work together, Amazon will have a higher chance of gaining a foothold in the Chinese market. Furthermore, there is also the VAM agreement. If Ali and Dang Dang lose, Amazon will be the controlling shareholder.

Even if Ali and Dangdang do not lose, as long as the three parties can hold back Taobao and stop Taobao from growing rapidly, Amazon can use this opportunity to bring their own website into Hua Xia. When that happens, Taobao and Le Tao will be at each other's throats, and Amazon will be able to take the opportunity to grow.

That's why all three parties see Taobao as their biggest enemy.

Li Mu is feeling nervous. He did not expect Su Yingxue's worries last night to come true.

If these three parties team up against him, Taobao's next step will be very dangerous. Taobao's foundation is not stable, and their users are not loyal. If these three parties team up, not only they have Amazon, an e-commerce giant, but they also have Softbank behind them. That means one company has the backing of two major investors, and Amazon's Taobao does not have any backing!

Under such circumstances, Boss Ma would definitely be more confident. If Boss Ma were to compete with him in burning money, it would be terrible. Once he entered the competition mode of Didi and Kuaidi, he might not have a chance to win.

Thinking of that, Li Mu immediately jumped out of bed. He didn't even have time to wonder why Su Yingxue was not there. He blurted out to Cult Master Lei, "The three families have joined hands to set up this new company. Are there any business developments?"

Lei Jianguo said, "I did not get any direct news about this. They are still very strict with their information. But I got some evidence from other sources."

"Tell me about it."

Cult Master Lei said, "I've found someone to consult with a few television stations and offline advertising companies. I can be sure that Ali has already booked advertising resources from the middle to the end of this month. It involves a wide range of advertising resources, including television advertisements, print advertisements, radio advertisements, building advertisements, bus stop advertisements, car advertisements, and so on. Without a doubt, they must be planning an online campaign, and the momentum of this online campaign will be huge!"

Li Mu bit his lower lip and thought about it for a long time.

Without a doubt, Boss Ma's C2C platform must have been developed long ago. It was just that he had not found a suitable opportunity to launch it. The platform did not go online, but it had booked so many advertising resources in advance. It must be preparing for an online campaign. What he wanted to know the most now was what kind of online campaign Boss Ma had planned!

Right now, he was also planning a large-scale promotion for daily necessities. He just did not know what his opponent was planning. If he could predict the other party's entry point in advance and plan in advance, he might be able to fight a beautiful ambush!

Li Mu asked, "Can you try to understand their online campaign plan?"

Lei Jianguo said, "I can only try, but I might not be able to understand it."

Li Mu nodded and suddenly thought of something. In the e-commerce industry, if one wanted to do an online campaign, was there anything else other than promotions?

The answer was basically no. There was no other way to do an effective e-commerce campaign other than promotions.

Since it was a promotion, there would definitely be a supply of goods. Ali definitely did not have a supply base, but Ali Bar Bar had a B2B platform. Almost all of them were suppliers of various products!