Chapter 684

At noon, Chen Ze told Li Mu a piece of news. The municipal government had just held a representative meeting on Line 10. According to his inquiries, the specific route map would be announced within a week.

Li Mu had been waiting for this piece of good news ever since Wanying Real Estate acquired the six plots of land in the East Third Ring Road. He knew that the news would definitely come, but he did not know when exactly it would be announced.

Li Mu had been waiting for this piece of good news that he was already certain of. It was all because of money. He was not waiting for the news to be announced, but for the money to come!

If the value of the six plots of land in Wanying Real Estate's hands skyrocketed overnight, they would have to wait for the route map of Line 10 to be announced. Previously, everyone was betting on each other. Whether it was the East Third Ring Road or Dawang Road, because there was no definitive news, the land prices of these two plots did not really rise. Moreover, the land prices of these two plots of land were already in full swing. They were just waiting for the municipal government to announce the news. Whoever owned the Line 10 would suddenly rise overnight.

If the six plots of land were to be used for financial transactions with the banks, the funds that could be revitalized would be in the level of five billion. Wanying Real Estate had six good plots of land, and they were also excellent renting partners for the banks. The interest rate on their funds would be much lower than that of ordinary enterprises. In the field of commercial loans, it was definitely very low.

At present, many of Li Mu's businesses were waiting for big money to come in. The following self-built logistics system would burn a lot of money, YY Globalization would burn money, and the cinema chain would also burn money. If there was no good source of funds, Li Mu could only consider using one of his businesses for financing. It could be Taobao, Yi Ting Technology, or Storm Entertainment. However, if the funds were revitalized, he could withdraw one billion from it to satisfy his current needs. After all, YY's revenue was currently guaranteed. YY Globalization would burn more of YY's own profits, so the funds would mainly be used to satisfy the logistics, followed by the entertainment industry.

Li Mu asked Chen Ze when would he be able to revitalize the funds once the news was announced. Chen Ze did not give him a definite answer. He told Li Mu that he would first meet with the people from the banks to discuss the specific capital operation process before giving a reply to Li Mu.

Naturally, Li Mu had no objection. He had waited for so long, so he didn't mind waiting for a few more days. Besides, investing in logistics was not like throwing hundreds of millions of yuan in one go. Everything should be done in an orderly manner. Even if he wanted to burn money, he had to burn it in piles. He didn't have such a big furnace that could swallow hundreds of millions of yuan in one go.

For Li Mu, the announcement of the 10th line meant that the money was not far away. He immediately called Liu Yidong and asked him about the progress of poaching people. Finally, he told him, "At most, by the end of August, a few hundred million of funds will be in place. At that time, whether or not he can build the best private logistics company in the country will depend on the results of his work during this period."

Liu Yidong immediately replied to Li Mu, "Everything is going smoothly at the moment. The logistics industry has not welcomed spring, and the cost of high-end talents in the industry is not very high. They do not have high expectations, so Li Mu's offer to double the salary and waive the shares was very smooth. Almost all the high-end talents in the industry that he talked to were not interested in shares. Double the salary was the most practical for them."

Li Mu was instantly filled with lofty sentiments.

The closed loop of a man was getting bigger and more complete. Boss Ma wanted to use logistics to choke him, but this was basically a fool's dream. As long as he survived the brand day and the second half of the year, he estimated that by the end of the year or early next year, his own logistics system would be in place. At that time, it would not be a problem to accept all Taobao's orders. When SARS broke out, his own logistics system would definitely be able to meet the skyrocketing demand for online shopping.

In addition, Li Mu also understood a historical fact. When SARS struck, there was a large amount of air logistics left, and the cost of air transportation plummeted. That was the best time to run around in the air transportation industry.

However, Li Mu was also pondering in his heart. Regarding SARS, what could he do when the time came?

If he remembered correctly, SARS first appeared in the south at the end of this year, and then it would break out the following spring. Li Mu did not know exactly how this disease entered the country. Hua Xia's borders were very long, and there were many customs offices. No one knew where SARS came from. As for how to treat SARS, Li Mu was even more confused. However, he did remember a very obvious phenomenon during the SARS period. All of the 84 disinfectant, disinfectant alcohol, radix isatidis, and other cold medicine, masks, and other supplies were all sold out throughout the country. At that time, a bottle of disinfectant that cost a few dollars was hyped up to a few dozen dollars, and there was still no market for it.

Li Mu felt that there was no way for him to inform the relevant departments of the country in advance, nor was there any way for him to inform the country of a certain treatment method. The only thing he could do was to prepare for social security when SARS arrived. At that time, the lives, work, and studies of the entire country's citizens would be greatly affected. They would also be in a state of panic. If his own logistics system was completely perfected by then, it should be able to play a certain role in the battle against SARS.

The first thing that Li Mu thought of was to stock up on supplies that would be useful during the SARS period. Then, at the critical moment, he would ensure the supply of critical supplies to the hardest hit areas, such as Yanjing, Jinshi, and Guangdong Province. Although SARS had caused a national panic, many small cities had not discovered any cases of SARS since the beginning. Under such circumstances, these cities had panicked and consumed a large amount of relevant supplies, resulting in a certain degree of wastage. It also had a certain impact on the hardest hit areas that really needed these supplies.

If at the end of this year, when the epidemic broke out in Guangdong Province, he had the "foresight" to stock up on a large amount of relevant supplies in advance, and during the SARS period, he could then use his own logistics system to supply them to the hardest hit areas. Even if it did not have much of an effect on controlling the epidemic, it would still have a great effect on reassuring the people.

…

Wang Shaohua's mood today went from great joy to great sorrow.

Taking leave to bring his daughter to the new house was supposed to be a very happy thing for the family of three. He did not expect to be schemed against by a villain. He was carelessly given a notice of criticism and suspended for a month!

Although Ma Bingliang's name had the word "good" in it, this person was really bad. He did not offend him. He only took leave, but he did not expect to be schemed against by him. This made Wang Shaohua feel very uncomfortable. When he first received this punishment, he wanted to argue with Secretary Dong. But after careful consideration, he gave up on this idea. Secretary Dong had just taken office, and he was in trouble. It was obvious that Secretary Dong wanted to use him to establish his authority. If he went to argue with Secretary Dong at this time, he would probably push himself into a more serious situation.

After thinking about it, Wang Shaohua could only persuade himself to swallow his anger for the time being. He could only comfort himself. Anyway, he had no room for further development in the Construction Committee, and it was not a big deal to circulate a notice of criticism. As for the one-month suspension, it was not a big deal if he could get over it. He could use this time to accompany his daughter and supervise the renovation company to finish the renovation of the house.

When the notice was sent out, it was already 5 pm. His colleagues in the unit were also quite surprised about Wang Shaohua's suspension. For a while, many people came to ask Wang Shaohua about it. Wang Shaohua did not say anything. When he got off work at 5: 30 pm, he packed his things and drove home to pick up his wife and child. He had promised to treat Li Mu to dinner tonight, so he specially booked a table at a high-end western restaurant in Yan Jing. He originally wanted to book a French Yue, but he was not a French Yue member and did not know the boss. He could not go there even if he had money. So he had to settle for a place not far from the National People's Congress.

Li Mu did not go to any company today. He accompanied Su Yingxue and Li Shaohua to the National People's Congress. In the afternoon, they went to the Summer Palace to row a boat for a while. In the evening, they drove to the restaurant where they had an appointment with Wang Shaohua's family.

Su Yuehua's family arrived a little earlier than Wang Shaohua. Wang Shaohua did not tell his wife and child about his suspension. He only wanted to have a happy meal first, then go home and lie in bed at night to inform his wife in private. So Su Yuehua was still in the dark.

Seeing Li Mu and Su Yingxue coming hand in hand, Wang Shaohua's family hurriedly stood up from the table. Su Yuehua waved at Su Yingxue. When the two arrived, the three sat down with them.

Wang Shaohua smiled at Li Mu and said, "I don't know if you and Yingxue are used to the taste here. The main thing is that I can't book a table at a place like French Yue."

Li Mu said, "Uncle Wang, you don't have to be so polite. I don't know much about Western food. It doesn't matter whether I go to French Yue or not."

Su Yuehua looked at Li Mu and then looked at Su Yingxue. In her heart, there were all kinds of complex feelings. Although she and her brother and sister-in-law had always been very opposed to Su Yingxue falling in love during university, but in all fairness, Su Yuehua felt that Li Mu, this young fellow, was really outstanding to the point of being impeccable. Not to mention Su Yingxue, even if her daughter fell in love with such a boy, she was afraid that she would also be unable to refuse. In the end, this was Su Yingxue's good fortune. Her niece's life was really good.

In her heart, Wang Xinran also envied this cousin of hers to the bone. At this age, girls' hearts were yearning for love. What they liked the most was a handsome, capable, domineering and considerate man of the opposite sex. In fact, women's psychology had a preference for the image of a domineering CEO since ancient times. For women, this kind of man was the most lethal. Looking at today, most people who met this condition were domineering CEO, and looking at ancient times, those who met this condition were High Official Ximen. The reason why Pan Jinlian had an affair, wasn't it because High Official Ximen was handsome, rich, powerful and influential?

Regarding Su Yingxue, Wang Xinran's heart not only envied her, but also had a very strong desire to "follow the wind". Unconsciously, Wang Xinran had already regarded Li Mu as her future reference when looking for a boyfriend. Moreover, in her heart, she secretly decided that no matter what, when looking for a boyfriend in the future, she must try her best to look up to Li Mu.