Chapter 310

Zhao Ziqiu hadn't thought about what kind of consequences Li Mu's bowl of noodles would bring to those gangsters. But now, looking at Feng Sier's ferocious face and the obvious scar on his face, she realized that Li Mu was indeed ruthless. The noodles that had just been served were thrown out before he even moved his chopsticks, directly destroying the guy's face.

Facing Feng Sier's threat, Zhao Ziqiu was afraid, but she didn't want to drag Li Mu into it. She just repeatedly emphasized, "How much money do you want? Just tell me a number, and I'll compensate you."

Not only did Feng Sier want money, but she also wanted to vent her anger. She had already emphasized this to her once, so her tone was even angrier. "There is a limit to my patience. I will give you one minute to make the call!"

As he spoke, Feng Sier took out his cell phone and called his buddy. He blurted out, "Leister, where the hell are you?

Hurry up and come to Hemp Alley. I've found the person who threw noodles at me that day! "

As soon as the other party heard this, he immediately burst out cursing, "Really?

F * ck, he was also the one who threw chili oil at me!

I still have a grudge against him! "

Feng Sier urged, "F * ck, hurry up and call him over. I have to get an explanation from him today!"

"Okay, I'll be right there!"

As soon as the phone hung up, Feng Sier threatened Zhao Ziqiu again. "Beauty, don't think that I'm joking with you today. If you don't call that guy over today, don't even think about leaving today."

Zhao Ziqiu said stubbornly, "I said that I broke up with him. What do you want me to do if I can't find him?"

Feng Sier sneered. "If you really want to force me, then there's nothing I can do!"

Saying that, the hand holding the beer bottle tightened. The longest glass stubble was almost stuck to Zhao Ziqiu's face.

Han Xiaoxiao was so anxious that she almost cried. Seeing that Zhao Ziqiu wasn't willing to call Li Mu, she was also afraid that this scar-faced gangster would hurt Zhao Ziqiu in a moment of anger. She couldn't help but blurt out, "Take away the bottle in your hand!

Can't I call him? "

Feng Sier stared at Han Xiaoxiao with narrowed eyes. "You know that guy too?"

Han Xiaoxiao nodded and quickly said, "I know him. We're all friends. I can call him right now."

Zhao Ziqiu panicked and said loudly, "Xiaoxiao, don't call him!"

Han Xiaoxiao simply ignored her. Although she knew that calling Li Mu over might bring danger to Li Mu, she couldn't care so much right now. At least, Li Mu wasn't in any danger for the time being, but there was a glass bottle right in front of Zhao Ziqiu's face. In this kind of situation, the first thing she had to do was not let the other party hurt Zhao Ziqiu in a moment of anger. Li Mu was a man, and he was brave and smart. If she called him, he would be able to take precautions in advance.

Thus, Han Xiaoxiao directly said to Feng Sier, "I'll call him over right now."

Feng Sier frowned and asked her coldly, "What does that guy look like?

What's his name? "

Han Xiaoxiao said honestly, "His name is Li Mu. He's quite handsome, tall, fair and clean, and has short hair."

Feng Sier had long forgotten what Li Mu looked like, but she vaguely remembered that he did look like a scholar. She guessed that Han Xiaoxiao wasn't lying to her, so she pointed at Han Xiaoxiao and said, "Come over here. Come to my side. Let me look at your phone screen."

Feng Sier was afraid that Han Xiaoxiao would secretly call the police, but Han Xiaoxiao didn't think of calling the police because the other party had a weapon in their hands. If she wasn't careful, she might hurt Zhao Ziqiu. What if she got agitated when she saw the police and something happened to Zhao Ziqiu?

Thus, Han Xiaoxiao unlocked her phone in front of Feng Sier, found Li Mu's name in her contacts, and called him.

At this moment, the performance was still going on. It was just that after Li Mu's climax, the rest of the performance seemed a lot more boring. Su Yingxue and another host took turns announcing, so the two performances only went on stage once. The rest of the time was spent behind the curtains, standing beside Li Mu, and letting Li Mu hold her waist, the two of them watched the performance on stage unconsciously.

His phone vibrated in his pocket. When Li Mu saw that it was Han Xiaoxiao, he picked up the call and said politely, "Hello, Xiaoxiao."

Han Xiaoxiao blurted out, "Li Mu, where are you?"

"At school. What's wrong?"

Han Xiaoxiao was instantly enraged. She scolded angrily, "Someone's pointing a knife at Ziqiu, and you're still accompanying your girlfriend?"

Li Mu's mind went blank. He immediately asked, "What happened to Ziqiu?"

Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu's expression changed instantly, and his expression became nervous. She was quite surprised.

At this moment, Han Xiaoxiao said, "We're at the snack alley near the University of Science and Technology. A man kidnapped Ziqiu, saying that you disfigured him here. He wants you to come over, or he'll disfigure Ziqiu!"

Li Mu immediately understood. It must be the people he messed with back then. They must have bumped into Zhao Ziqiu again. He was extremely surprised. He really wanted to ask Han Xiaoxiao why they were there, but he immediately swallowed those words. Now wasn't the time to ask that. The most important thing was how to solve the problem.

Thus, Li Mu hurriedly said to Han Xiaoxiao, "Tell him that he's a master. Don't be rash. I'll be there soon. If he wants to do anything, come at me."

Han Xiaoxiao immediately said to Feng Sier, "He said that you're a master. Don't be rash. He'll be here soon. If you want to do anything, come at him."

Feng Sier laughed coldly and said loudly, "Bastard, get your ass over here. If you dare to f * cking call the police, I'll take your woman down with me!"

When Li Mu heard Feng Sier's words, he said to Han Xiaoxiao, "Put it on speaker."

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly put it on speaker. Li Mu gritted his teeth and said, "Don't worry. If I call the police, I'm your grandson. Wait for me, I'll be there soon!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu hung up the phone and said to the shocked Su Yingxue, "I'm going out to take care of something urgent."

Before Su Yingxue could ask him, Li Mu took off running.

"Li Mu, come back!"

Su Yingxue lifted her skirt and was about to chase after him when Li Mu turned his head and said, "Don't worry about the show. I'll call you when I'm done!"

How could Su Yingxue let him go just like that? However, Li Mu ran too fast. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the backstage. Su Yingxue lifted her skirt and chased after him before she realized that it was impossible for her to catch up to him. She didn't know where he was going. In a hurry, she could only call Zhao Kang and tell Zhao Kang what she heard.

From what Li Mu said on the phone, it sounded like someone threatened a girl named Ziqiu and forced him to go there. Ziqiu should be Zhao Ziqiu from Beijing University. Su Yingxue had seen her when she was helping Li Mu do the floor push for 3321.

When Zhao Kang heard this, he immediately called Li Mu. At that moment, Li Mu was sprinting to the school gate. When he saw Zhao Kang call, he picked it up while running.

Zhao Kang asked immediately, "Where are you going?

I'm coming over now! "

As soon as Li Mu heard that, he knew that Li Mu had already known the general situation. It should be Su Yingxue who called him. She originally wanted to tell him not to come, but thinking that she didn't know what would happen after tonight, she asked him, "How are your relationships in your school?"

Zhao Kang understood and said, "I'm doing okay in my dorm, but not in the school. But it doesn't matter. Tell me how many people you need. I'll go out and shout, 'Let's go fight! Five hundred yuan per person, as many as you want.'"

Li Mu immediately said, "Damn it, if anything happens, it's my brother who's considerate. Immediately find me fifty people, all of them strong, tall, and strong. I don't care if we fight tonight or not, I want one thousand yuan per person!"

One thousand yuan per person was more than enough to hire a gang of gangsters to kill people, let alone a college student. In this day and age, the appearance fee of gangsters could not be more than three hundred yuan, and they had to be brave enough to fight and kill.

However, for Li Mu, this amount of money was nothing.

The most important thing was to keep Zhao Ziqiu safe, and secondly, he should try his best to be safe.

Zhao Kang immediately hung up the phone and jumped out of bed. He picked up his teacup on the table and suddenly threw it on the ground, scaring his roommates who were reading novels on the bed.

Just when they wanted to ask Zhao Kang what was wrong with him, Zhao Kang shouted, "Damn it, someone dares to touch my brother. Brothers, go out and find people for me. If they can fight, one thousand yuan per person, go with me!"

The boy on the lower bunk of Zhao Kang was shocked and asked Zhao Kang, "Kang, you're not kidding us, are you?"

Zhao Kang twisted his eyebrows and said, "Fuck you, Shu Chang. Do you doubt that I won't keep my word?"

Shu Chang hurriedly said, "I didn't mean that. I know you're rich and don't care about this. I just want to say … Do our brothers in the dormitory have a share?"

Zhao Kang kicked the iron frame of his bed and scolded, "Brothers in the dormitory will get two thousand each. You quickly get up and call people for me. You don't have to pay me back the one thousand and five hundred you owe me. I'll give you another five hundred!"

When Shu Chang heard this, he suddenly got up from the bed and blurted out, "Fuck, there are a dozen of my good friends in the northeast in the school. I'll call them all for you!"

The other people in the dormitory also hurriedly got up and got dressed. They were ready to go out to find people like Shu Chang.

Zhao Kang immediately added, "I'll wait for you downstairs. Hurry up!

We'll leave in five minutes! "

After Li Mu hung up the phone with Zhao Kang, he suddenly realized a problem. He didn't have any cash on hand. If he needed money to talk later, it wouldn't be good if he didn't have it. Alipay and WeChat transfer were not popular these days. If they hurt Zhao Ziqiu, he would be blamed for everything. So he immediately called Hui Ka Ming. This guy was a local tycoon. He should have some cash on hand. Even if he didn't, he had so many friends that he could gather some.