Chapter 666

Super Girl had a profound significance to the Hua Xia entertainment industry in the 21st century. This talent show had once created unprecedented attention and viewership ratings in Hua Xia. It could be said that it created a new realm for talent shows. It even became an enduring cultural phenomenon. Many female singers who came out of this talent show also maintained a strong momentum in the Hua Xia entertainment industry for a long time and had great influence.

Although the focus of Li Mu's career was not in the entertainment industry, he knew very well how strong the driving force the entertainment industry would have on the domestic entertainment industry and the Internet industry in the future. In the era before Li Mu's rebirth, the richest man in the country owned the world's largest cinema chain. The three major companies, BTA, had invested in their own video websites and film companies. Baidu had iQIYI; Tencent had Tencent Video and Tencent Pictures; Ali had acquired Youku Tudou and Youku Tudou to set up Oneness Pictures, and then set up its own Ali Pictures. Chairman Ma even invited Gao Moumou, a well-known artistic youth in the country, to set up Ali Music. He directly created an unknown Ali Planet based on Tian Tian Yi, which killed off a music software with a history of more than ten years and a large number of diehard users.

In addition, various major film companies were blossoming, and various film and television entertainment production companies were also emerging like bamboo shoots after a spring rain. Almost every slightly impressive star had set up their own studio, which was, to put it bluntly, their own film company. Video websites nourished a large number of online dramas and blockbuster online movies. There were even some well-known online dramas that became big IPs, turning into blockbuster movies with a box office of billions of dollars. All kinds of talent shows and reality shows were also too many to take in. The advertising bids for any one of these shows were in the hundreds of millions. Hua Xia's The Voice, I Am a Singer, Run Me, Where Have You Gone, Dad, and so on were all magnets in the entertainment industry.

In short, the future entertainment industry contains great potential and great influence. Li Mu can't sit back and watch himself miss it. He must make all the arrangements in advance.

Next, Makino Image will make its own big movie and do talent shows with Xiangnan Satellite TV. In the future, when he has a number of talent shows and reality shows, all the satellite TV stations in the country will have to revolve around him, and all the business owners in the country will have to send money to his pocket. At the same time, Li Mu will also have to operate his own cinema chain and online ticket system. If he has the largest cinema chain in the country, when the film industry flourishes, the whole film and television circle will have to look at his face. Whoever pretentiously will not be given a slot, and he can completely strangle the other party at the most critical stage.

The leaders of Xiangnan Satellite TV didn't know Li Mu's long-term plan in the entertainment industry, and they didn't think that Makino Image would have any great plan in the production of TV programs. They just thought that Makino Image has the support of Makino Technology. They have money and influence. They must find a way to win over such a partner.

In fact, at this moment, Xu Song didn't have much hope for Li Mu's plan, because he instinctively thought that Xiangnan Satellite TV was the most professional in the country in terms of making TV programs. All the people who made TV programs in Hua Xia were not as professional as them. What good ideas could Li Mu's new film and television company come up with?

At this time, for him, there was only one thought in his mind. Even if Li Mu brought a bad talent show plan, as long as it didn't violate the laws and regulations, he would cooperate with him, not for anything else, but for the influence of Makino Technology online.

When he looked at Li Mu's plan half-heartedly, Xu Song still sneered in his heart: "Sure enough, it's not professional enough. Super Girl?

At first glance, this name looks like self-abolishing martial arts!

It's called Super Girl. It can be seen from the name that it's only positioned for female singing talent shows. Don't male singers do it?

It's not easy to set up a talent show, but in the end, you're only a woman. Isn't this self-abolishing martial arts? "

The other two production directors also had the same view at this moment. At present, the third industry has not yet figured out the concept of vertical. Whether it's the Internet or entertainment media, everyone wants to be big and complete, but no one wants to be small and refined, so it's difficult for them to accept and recognize Li Mu's talent show, which is only positioned for women.

However, although the three of them could not accept it, they just exchanged glances with each other, and no one said anything. Instead, they continued to look at the rest of the show.

Before they came, Xu Song had already said that the two production directors came to support the show, to give Li Mu a sense of grandeur, and they did not need to worry about the specific plan. After Xu Song finished reading, no matter how bad Li Mu's plan was, he would go to Li Mu to discuss the conditions. If the conditions were agreed, he would do it; if not, he would not do it.

Continuing to watch, Li Mu began to explain why he wanted to do "Super Girl" in the plan. He felt that traditional singing talent shows were big and complete, so every singing talent show produced by the station was about the same. The audience had long become numb to it, so what they needed now was a new way to play it. Among the young people who dreamed of becoming a star, women made up the majority. Historically, in talent shows, the number of female contestants generally exceeded the number of male contestants, which also meant that women made up the majority of talent shows. Since "Super Girl" only targeted women, it just so happened to cater to the majority of potential users. Because it focused on women, it would definitely attract more female contestants than other talent shows.

Apart from that, not only were there a lot of girls who wanted to become stars, but among those who chased after them, women also made up the majority. Therefore, a talent show that focused on women would definitely attract more female audiences. More importantly, the female contestants would also be very attractive to the male audience, so this positioning would be a win-win for both the audience and the audience.

Following that was Li Mu's introduction of the competition system. The entire competition system was cumbersome, but it was also very innovative. From the qualifiers of each region, to the top 100 in each region, the elimination rounds, the PK rounds, the resurrection rounds, and the final region finals, to the start of the finals. Step by step, elimination and resurrection, elimination and resurrection, all the way to the final of the top five. The various rules were dazzling, but the logic was tight, allowing the audience to grasp the thread that ran through it, and not get confused by the cumbersome competition system.

In addition to the competition system, Li Mu also formulated a promotion strategy for landing promotion, television media, and online media. Among them, Makino Technology would provide strong support. Whether it was YY, YY Net, or Tieba, they would all play a very important role in it, taking turns to push the influence of this talent show to the extreme.

After watching it a little bit, the expressions of the three people, including Xu Song, began to have a subtle chemical reaction. The more they watched, the more they watched, the wider their eyes became, and the more surprised their expressions became. In the end, all three of them sighed in their hearts, "It's so fun!"

That's right, Li Mu's competition system, which has integrated the essence of Super Girl for many years, was really too unbelievable for the TV people in 2002. They had been at the top of the Hua Xia TV circle for many years, but at this moment, they found that the thinking model and creativity in their minds, which they thought was awesome, had been shattered by the plan in front of them.

Thinking about the talent shows that Xiangnan Satellite TV and other TV stations had done in the past, compared to Li Mu's "Super Girl" plan, it was simply child's play!

They thought that the multiplication table was already very awesome, but in the end, they directly took out a set of calculus, which made everyone dumbfounded.

Although Xu Song had some contempt for Li Mu's plan at the beginning, he immediately put away his previous contempt and repeatedly deliberated the feasibility of the program in his mind, as well as the appeal of its cumbersome parts to the audience.

More than ten minutes later, Xu Song judged with his professional eyes that if Li Mu's plan was fully implemented, "Super Girl" would definitely be a success, and it would definitely be a great success!

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but ask Li Mu excitedly, "Li Zong, although the implementation plan of" Super Girl "is written on it, some details of our cooperation are not written. For example, what proportion of capital we use, what proportion of the share, copyright ownership, and other related issues."

Li Mu smiled and said, "This will only make sense after you approve of the plan. I wonder what you think of this plan?"

Xu Song said without hesitation, "Personally, I think this plan is very feasible." After saying that, he asked the two directors next to him, "Director Liu, Director Zhu, what do you think?"

The two of them also had the same opinion as Xu Song. They nodded and expressed their opinion that this plan had great potential and the chances of success were very high.

Therefore, Xu Song said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, we have no objections to the plan. Let's talk about how to cooperate."

Li Mu nodded and said, "As for the specific way of cooperation, my idea is like this. First of all, let's talk about it in three dimensions."

"First, on the level of obligation, we all have the obligation to spare no effort to promote this program. Makino Image is responsible for the Internet, Xiangnan Satellite TV is responsible for the television media, and the rest of the paper media and landing promotion will be shared by both of us. The proportion of the share will be implemented according to 5: 5. That is to say, we will also share the funds needed for the entire program production 5: 5."

"Second, on the level of power, we have all invested manpower and material resources into this program, and basically, both sides have invested according to the ratio of 5: 5. Conversely, I think the ratio of sharing should also be set at 5: 5, so that it can be more fair."

"Third, on the level of copyright, every detail of this plan from beginning to end is produced by Makino Image. Makino Image should have 100% of the copyright of the program 'Super Girl'!"