Chapter 963

Just as Boss Ma was about to comprehend the embryonic form of the "Taobao alliance advertisement" in the future, Lu Zhaoxi's words shocked Boss Ma.

The idea of an "alliance advertisement" vanished into thin air. Boss Ma couldn't wait to ask him, "What's going on?!"

Lu Zhaoxi said with a face full of bitterness and hatred, "Li Mu didn't do things properly. His Taobao Express quietly poached a large number of middle-level managers from our three express delivery companies, as well as the Guangdong Province's SF Express Company. Even the grass-roots leaders and low-level couriers all changed sides overnight!

Now they've become Taobao Express employees and started to deliver orders for Taobao Express Day! "

Boss Ma was stunned. "What's going on?

What do you mean they all changed sides overnight? "

Lu Zhaoxi scolded with righteous indignation, "This Li Mu is really a piece of sh * t!

Do you know what he's up to?

He first used generous terms to move those middle-level managers, but he didn't let them resign immediately. Instead, he paid them while letting them continue to work in their original positions. At the same time, he began to encourage the grass-roots staff under his jurisdiction to change jobs. Before today, none of them showed any signs of wanting to resign. But today, they suddenly asked to resign and didn't come back! "

As he said that, Lu Zhaoxi's breathing quickened. He hurriedly adjusted his breathing and continued, "Also, those grass-roots employees are even more hateful. Taobao Express had already sent them custom-made uniforms. Today, after they verbally resigned, they directly changed into Taobao Express uniforms and rode Taobao Express tricycles to deliver packages!"

"F * ck!"

Boss Ma rarely cursed, but suddenly being hit by Li Mu made him fly into a rage out of humiliation. He slammed the table, stood up, and said angrily, "Call our legal department over, then contact the law firm we're cooperating with. We're going to pursue all the abnormal and immoral employees to the end!

Make them take legal responsibility! "

"It's useless …" Cai Chongxin's emotions were not as agitated as the two of them. He consoled them, "Boss Ma, Boss Lu, I advise the two of you not to be so agitated. It's meaningless. The three express delivery and logistics companies are a mess to begin with. The company's orders are at most down to the district managers, who are the middle-level leaders who have been poached by Taobao Express. The employees at the bottom level are just a bunch of gangsters. They don't even have a formal labor contract with us.

Boss Ma frowned and stared at Cai Chongxin. "Is that so?"

"Yeah!"

Cai Chongxin said helplessly, "Think about it, the labor supervision is very loose now. These employees, who are scattered all over the country, were temporary workers before we acquired them, and it's the same after we acquired them. If we sign formal labor contracts with all of them, then our labor costs will be much higher. We have to be responsible for the social security and insurance of these employees. Moreover, the government is far away, so it's difficult to control them. The elimination rate and turnover rate are very high. If we sign formal contracts with all of them, we'll have a lot of trouble."

Boss Ma asked him, "What about the middle management positions?

They have an agreement with us, right?

Isn't it against the terms of the agreement to resign directly? "

Cai Chongxin nodded and said, "It's true that it's against the terms of the agreement, but it's useless for us to sue them. Boss Lu and I just talked to the people in charge of several logistics companies and asked them to use the contract to threaten these people to return to their posts. However, they said that Liu Xiaodong of Taobao Express had already told these middle-level managers to resign without worry. If we pursue their responsibility, all the responsibility will be borne by Taobao …"

Boss Ma was dumbfounded. After a while, he gritted his teeth and said, "Li Mu is too ruthless. He's robbing us just because he's rich."

Lu Zhaoxi said angrily, "Isn't he robbing us?

He's like the landlord who wants to eat steamed buns, so he directly came to our pot and snatched it. After snatching it and eating it, he put on an attitude of 'I'll pay you however much you want'. It's really hateful! "

The angry Lu Zhaoxi gritted his teeth and continued, "The most serious problem now isn't that Taobao Express wants to take the opportunity to rise, but that our three logistics companies are basically experiencing a large-scale fault. The employees in many cities have already left, and in some provinces, almost all the employees in a province have left. But damn it, we still have hundreds of thousands of orders in our hands, and there's also a batch of orders from Taobao. Now we can't deliver to many areas at all, so we can only transfer the orders to the postal service!"

With the previous experience, Boss Ma didn't dare to let the logistics company stop work and cause trouble for Li Mu. Although Li Mu didn't rely on his logistics company to help, if they could share a part of the transportation capacity, it naturally wouldn't be bad for him. Therefore, this time, the three logistics companies under Boss Ma more or less received some orders from Taobao 929 promotion.

Now, the three logistics companies lacked arms and legs and couldn't move. Most of the orders in their hands couldn't be delivered. Although transferring the orders to the postal service was also a solution, for the users, it was obviously Zhaoji Express, but in the end, it was the postal service who delivered the items to their doorstep. This was undoubtedly a huge damage to the Zhaoji Express brand.

At this moment, Boss Ma frowned. "Li Mu is indeed too hateful, but the key point is that what he did is not illegal. We can't do anything about it. Now, the urgent matter isn't to blame Li Mu here, but to quickly find a way to solve the problem facing logistics. My next C2C strategy needs logistics to be the strongest support!"

Lu Zhaoxi said, "Aren't we here to discuss with you? The problem now is that Taobao has money. If we compete with them on employee treatment and poach these people back, then with the way Li Mu does things, he will definitely offer a higher price than us. In this way, even if we get the people back in the end, the sudden increase in operating costs will be enough to drag us down."

Some time ago, Boss Ma's three logistics companies were ordered by the General Post Office to stop business for inspection because they refused to accept express mail on Taobao Brand Day. They stopped work for a period of time and paid a huge fine. At the moment, the financial pressure was already very big, and Le Tao was now cut off by its investors. They didn't even have enough money to use, so it was impossible for them to take out money to support logistics, so the situation was extremely awkward.

Boss Ma understood the situation Lu Zhaoxi was talking about very well. He immediately said, "What do we compete with Li Mu now? We can't compete with money. Li Mu's Taobao account has probably deposited tens of billions of funds. Even if most of the funds have to be paid to the partners in a month, there are still billions deposited normally. If we compete with him in burning money, it is equivalent to falling into his trap. We will definitely be dragged to death by him quickly."

After saying that, Boss Ma was silent for a moment. He gritted his teeth and struggled for a long time before he finally opened his mouth and said with difficulty, "How about this, this time, we will take Li Mu's sneak attack!

Let's just take it as a silent loss and ignore this matter for now. Hurry up and replenish the manpower of the logistics company. If it doesn't work, we will merge these three companies into one! "

Speaking up to this point, Boss Ma felt uncomfortable in his heart. He had been in the industry for so many years, and he had always been the one to dig a pit for others. Even Li Mu was the one who dug a pit for him first. He didn't expect that not only did Li Mu not fall into his own pit, but after he came back to his senses, he raised his hand and gave himself a combo punch.

Taobao's 929 rush suppressed Le Tao and made Le Tao into a complete mess. Just after 929, he actually took drastic measures against himself in terms of logistics …

At this time, Cai Chongxin nodded and calmly accepted Boss Ma's decision. However, Lu Zhaoxi was still full of indignation. "There's nothing we can do about them. This feeling is so f * cking useless!

I really can't take this lying down! "

How could Boss Ma not feel useless in his heart?

How could he take this lying down?

Hu Hansan had been in this business for a long time. Suddenly, he was trampled on by others. This feeling was definitely hard to accept.

However, Boss Ma knew one thing in his heart: If Le Tao really died, then his business would also die. If the 2C business failed, the 2B business would definitely not be able to persist for too long. After Li Mu did the 2C business to the extreme, as long as he waved his hand, he could carry out a devastating impact on his 2B business. Boss Ma knew this very well. Therefore, even if he couldn't take this lying down, he had to!

He had a more important plan, which was far more important than his face!

Most of the business models in the world, the final link was the 2C business. Even if there were companies that only did 2B business, in the end, the entire industry chain would basically sink to the 2C area to make profits. If the end of the 2C business was occupied, then they could definitely trace it back and take the initiative in the entire industry chain.

To make the simplest example, the textile factory would definitely do 2B business. In other words, all its customers were corporate customers. There were no ordinary consumers. Almost all of its fabrics and materials were sold to downstream clothing companies and home textile companies. They would then process them into various goods and finally sell them to ordinary consumers.

The entire industry chain would ultimately earn money from ordinary consumers. This also meant that whoever controlled these ordinary consumers would control the entire industry chain. At that time, if Li Mu used Taobao's influence to do B2B business, he would definitely have a huge advantage. It would be a piece of cake to defeat Alibaba.

Therefore, from Boss Ma's point of view, Le Tao was his Normandy. If Li Mu conquered it, Li Mu's army could directly march into his territory. Therefore, no matter what, Le Tao had to fight to the last shot and soldier.

Seeing that Lu Zhaoxi was still angry, Boss Ma comforted him, "Zhaoxi, we are not going against Li Mu in the logistics industry now, not because we are afraid of him, but because we want to save the country in a roundabout way. Didn't Li Mu quietly poach our logistics team?

It's okay, we can also learn from his method and poach his small and medium-sized sellers! "

As he spoke, Boss Ma refreshed the webpage news and saw the biggest headline on the homepage: "Taobao website celebration party starts at 7 PM sharp. Many celebrities will give their congratulations live!"