Chapter 719

After the contract was signed, Wei Lan breathed a sigh of relief. She couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "What do we do next?

What do you need me to do? "

Li Mu snorted and said, "Next, we need to announce the news to the public in a high-profile manner. We need to let Shanghai know that the battlefield has changed."

Wei Lan asked, "Have you found a way to solve the money problem?"

Li Mu nodded, "Don't worry, we're not in a hurry to solve the money problem. The first thing we need to solve is the other 20% of the shares."

Wei Lan said, "The other 20% of the shares are in Song Zhilei's hands. He has an ambiguous relationship with the Lanke Group and has been forcing me to transfer my shares to Lanke at a low price of 300 million. I think he's in the same boat as Lanke."

Li Mu sneered, "He's only a small shareholder with 20% of the shares. It's still not enough for him to be in the same boat as Lanke."

As he said this, Li Mu analyzed, "I think he's just a pawn of the Lanke Group. The Lanke Group wants to force you to submit, so they found him and tried to use him to break your resistance from the inside. Now that you've transferred all your shares to Wanying Real Estate, this Song Zhilei has completely lost his usefulness to the Lanke Group. Believe it or not, once the news of Wanying Real Estate buying your shares is announced, he'll be the most anxious one."

Wei Lan thought about it carefully and nodded lightly. She said in agreement, "What you said makes sense. If he knows about this, he'll definitely worry about what to do with his shares first."

Li Mu said, "So I've prepared another contract for you."

As he said this, Li Mu took out a labor contract and handed it to Wei Lan. "You'll join Wanying Real Estate from today onwards. The contract will last for three years. The annual salary for the first year will be 5 million after tax, and it will increase by 20% every year."

Wei Lan was very clear that in the agreement she reached with Li Mu, she had to join Wanying Real Estate for three years. However, she didn't think that Li Mu would be willing to give her a 5 million annual salary. Aside from other factors, she was only 27 years old. A 5 million annual salary was too shocking. With her ability, she shouldn't be able to get such a high annual salary.

However, Li Mu insisted that she only need to sign. Only after she signed could he continue with his subsequent plans.

In fact, Li Mu felt a little ashamed. This time, he might have to borrow Wei Lan's family's Juncheng Real Estate to earn 2 or 3 billion, or even more.

Wei Lan was touched. Without further delay, she signed the labor contract and legally became an employee of Wan Ying Real Estate with an annual salary of five million and the position of vice president.

After the two contracts were signed, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "In the next few days, I will use Muye Technology to promote the company. During the promotion, people in the industry may misunderstand that you are being supported by the shareholder behind Wanying Real Estate. The shareholder I am talking about is me."

Wei Lan was flabbergasted. Chen Ze and Song Liang were also puzzled.

Li Mu explained, "First of all, I can't let people in the industry think that I'm really trying to save Jun Cheng Real Estate. On the contrary, I'll let people in the industry think that the reason why I gave you 800 million, forced you to join Wan Ying Real Estate for three years, and forced you to move into my house wasn't to save Jun Cheng Real Estate, but to make a deal with you. I'll use 800 million to support you for three years."

"This …" Wei Lan was dumbfounded. She could not help but ask Li Mu, "Is this the reason why you let me stay in the Purple Cloud Villa?

But what is the purpose of doing this? "

Li Mu laughed and said, "I have to make that Song Zhilei feel abandoned!

I have to let him know that the reason why I gave you 800 million for your shares is because I like you. This 800 million is equivalent to me giving you for free. In this case, what do you think he will think? "

Wei Lan instantly came to a realization. She blamed herself for paying too much attention to Li Mu's "support," so she did not think of the main point. Now that Li Mu reminded her, she immediately understood Li Mu's true intention!

If Song Zhilei really felt this way, he would definitely go crazy. Because Li Mu was throwing money at him, it was impossible for him to take away his 20% shares. Lan Ke Group would also no longer be interested in his 20% shares. His 20% shares would become worthless with the collapse of Jun Cheng Real Estate!

At that time, Li Mu would probably be able to buy back all of his 20% shares with him even if he gave him 20 million!

Oh my god!

Wei Lan's eyes were filled with shock as she looked at Li Mu. She really wanted to figure out how Li Mu's brain was structured. Why was he able to plot against others so fast and so complicated? If he really wanted to plot against someone, she was afraid that the other party would not be able to escape even if they risked their lives, right?

Song Liang and Chen Ze were even more shocked. The idea of using funds to save Jun Cheng Real Estate had already made them respect Li Mu as a great god in their hearts. Now that Li Mu had formulated a strategy for another shareholder of Wan Ying Group, the two of them were even more impressed!

The two of them looked at each other and saw through each other's thoughts. What could they say?

The only thing they could say was that they were very lucky that this person was not their opponent, but their comrade …

Li Mu calmly accepted the gazes of the three people and continued to say to Wei Lan, "Once this news is announced, I dare to bet that Song Zhilei will contact you immediately. He will definitely look for you to verify it first. At this time, you must do exactly as I say. You must give him a signal: I'm tired, I can't fight against Lan Ke Real Estate. Now that someone is willing to give me 800 million, I'm satisfied and don't plan to fight anymore. Good luck to you."

Wei Lan nodded repeatedly and said with great excitement, "I understand!"

She hated Wang Runqing, she hated Xiao Chenfeng, and she hated Song Zhilei even more. This was because Song Zhilei was truly indebted to her family. It was her father who brought him up. Without her father, he would still be a contractor who worked in the first half of the year and asked for money in the second half of the year. However, he did not know how to be grateful at all. Instead, he helped outsiders and colluded with outsiders to disintegrate Jun Cheng Real Estate. Such a despicable person should pay the price!

There was nothing she could do. Fortunately, Li Mu was not going to let him go. If he really fell for this trick, then most of his efforts in the previous half of his life would be in vain. This was the punishment he deserved!

Li Mu smiled slightly and said, "This will not only confuse Song Zhilei, but also confuse the Lan Ke Group. It will make the Lan Ke Group think that you have completely given up resistance. It will make the Lan Ke Group feel that I don't really want to help you. In this case, they will relax their vigilance and just wait for the bank to take back the real estate of Jun Cheng Real Estate."

Song Liang gave Li Mu a thumbs up and said, "Awesome!

Killing two birds with one stone! "

Li Mu nodded and said, "In this way, when we get the remaining 20% of the shares, our strategy can start immediately. I believe that at that time, the National People's Congress will be shocked!"

Wei Lan couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Do you really have a way to save Jun Cheng Real Estate?"

Li Mu smiled slightly and nodded gently.

Wei Lan instantly became excited and a little out of control. She asked Li Mu in a trembling voice, "Can you tell me how you are going to save Jun Cheng Real Estate? How confident are you?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If I tell you in advance, you won't have the pleasure of avenging your humiliation. Just wait patiently for a few more days and wait for the good show to begin!"

After that, Li Mu did not forget to comfort her, "Don't worry, even if others misunderstand you, they will only misunderstand you for a few days. When my counterattack officially begins, everyone will realize that they have been fooled."

When Wei Lan heard this, she bit her lower lip and nodded very seriously.

…

Li Mu's self-directed and self-acted drama began in the afternoon.

Makino Technology's YY portal released a press release, announcing the news of Wanying Real Estate's acquisition of 80% of Jun Cheng Real Estate. At the same time, Wanying Real Estate's public relations also informed some industry media to help publish the news. This news did not cause any waves in the public, but in the internet industry, it immediately set off a storm!

The real estate industry summit in the hotel was still going on. Wang Runqing was representing Lanke Group and telling hundreds of industry insiders about Lanke Group's successful real estate project experience in the past few years. In the end, many people below the stage began to whisper to each other after receiving the latest news. For a moment, it became chaotic. Wang Runqing noticed several times that everyone below was lowering their heads, looking sideways, or turning their heads to talk. Almost no one was listening to his speech, which made him a little annoyed.

After much difficulty, he finally finished his speech when no one was listening. As soon as Wang Runqing stepped off the stage, his assistant said in his ear, "Boss Wang, I just received news that Wanying Real Estate has acquired 80% of Jun Cheng Real Estate's shares at a valuation of one billion."

"What?!" Wang Runqing's eyes suddenly widened and he asked him sternly, "Are you sure?

When did this happen? "

"I'm sure. This afternoon, the news was announced by Wanying Real Estate themselves."

"F * ck!

Is Wanying Real Estate overestimating itself and trying to go against Lanke?

Does it think it can save Jun Cheng Real Estate? "

The assistant hurriedly said, "Wanying Real Estate's acquisition contract is very strange. The eight hundred million will only be paid to Wei Lan after three years. Furthermore, Wei Lan herself has signed a three-year contract with Wanying Real Estate. She is now the vice president of Wanying Real Estate with an annual salary of five million."

Wang Runqing frowned and thought about it carefully for a long time. He still couldn't figure out what Wanying Real Estate's goal was. He had never seen something like this before.

The assistant reminded him, "Many people are saying that Wei Lan is probably the mistress of Wanying Real Estate's Li Mu. Because there is news that she moved into Li Mu's house last night."

"F * ck!"

Wang Runqing laughed out loud. "This is awesome. I thought that Wei Lan was some chaste woman who didn't even care about Xiao Chenfeng. In the end, after beating up Xiao Chenfeng, she turned around and threw herself into Li Mu's arms. Looks like Xiao Chenfeng's charm isn't enough!

Hahaha, this grandson's lungs are most likely going to explode from anger. "

The assistant asked, "Do you think Wanying Real Estate will interfere with Jun Cheng Real Estate's matters?"

Wang Runqing snorted. "Wanying Real Estate doesn't have the ability to do so. Although that Li Mu is awesome, I know that he can't fork out so much money to put out the fire. I think he really has Wei Lan under his control. Furthermore, he made such a harsh contract and will only pay her after three years. Who knows, Wei Lan might have played with him for three years for nothing!"

Wang Runqing didn't take this matter seriously. Anyway, he didn't covet Wei Lan's body. He was only interested in Jun Cheng Real Estate. In his eyes, Jun Cheng Real Estate was dead. It didn't matter if it was called Jun Cheng or Wanying when it died.

In less than an hour, the entire industry knew about it. Wei Lan sat in Wanying Real Estate's conference room and finally received the call she had been waiting for.

Song Zhilei scolded angrily on the other end of the phone, "Wei Lan, you b * tch, are you trying to screw me over?!

You found a sugar daddy and sold your shares. What the f * ck am I going to do now?! "

Li Mu took the phone and said coldly, "Wei Lan is my woman. You better show some respect when you speak."

Song Zhilei blurted out, "Who are you?!"

"Li Mu."