Chapter 1302

At the press conference, Li Mu announced the logo of the "Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation" and the publicity photo of the spokesperson, Du Wei, to the public. At the same time, Li Mu also officially announced the donation bank card number and Alipay account number of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation to the public.

Li Mu promised to the public, "The financial situation of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation will be strictly and transparently announced to the public, including the details of each donation, the amount of each expenditure, and the details of the purpose. We will fulfill our duties and obligations and serve the surviving veterans of the War of Resistance Against Hua Xia wholeheartedly."

There were many charitable foundations in the world that had a charitable value of more than 100 million yuan. Li Mu had set up two. One was the 3321 Bursary Foundation, and the other was the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. However, among so many charitable foundations with a scale of more than 100 million yuan, only these two foundations that Li Mu had dared to completely disclose the details of their funds to the public.

Complete and thorough disclosure was the fundamental principle of Li Mu's charity work. He was a person who could clearly distinguish between things. If he was a business, he should make good money; if he was a charity, he should spend good money. If he was a business, he should not evade taxes or cheat people. If he was a charity, he should not deceive the public and cover things up.

The incomparably solemn promise was exchanged for everyone's wholehearted acceptance, everyone's recognition, admiration, and even following.

At this time, Li Mu announced his "business charity plan" and said to all the media reporters, "The Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation hopes to provide all-round care to every surviving veteran. To achieve this, we need the cooperation of the whole society. So, next, we will open up strategic brand cooperation to hospitals, sanatoriums, supermarkets, pharmaceutical companies, daily necessities companies, fast food companies, furniture, home appliances, and home improvement companies."

At this point, Li Mu paused for a moment and said, "The threshold for our cooperation is not cash. Instead, as long as the company or organization itself has enough strength in the region and the industry, and promises to give corresponding benefits and services to the veterans certified by the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, they can use the title and logo of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. At the same time, they can share the promotional resources of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. To make the simplest example, if a company that produces down jackets is willing to donate a batch of warm winter jackets to veterans, as long as the company's products meet national standards, they can apply for cooperation with us. Other than the promised donated resources, we will not take any cash."

"Of course, we also accept cooperation in the form of donations from companies and organizations. The donations will all be added to the charity foundation's fund pool and announced to the whole society!"

"The email address on the big screen is the email address for our cooperation. If there are companies and organizations that wish to cooperate with us, then please write down your detailed information, qualifications, and the charity resources that you are willing to provide. Our staff will contact you as soon as possible!"

The reporters understood Li Mu's strategy. Not only did he want the whole society to pay attention to charity, but he also wanted to mobilize the enthusiasm of the whole society and let them participate in charity. What was more impressive was that he used his influence to give this charity project enough attention. Behind enough attention, there was enough commercial value. Then, he pushed the charity project with commercial value to companies and organizations, so that they could use their resources and funds to exchange for the commercial value. At the same time, they could also contribute to the foundation. This business model of taking what they needed was much more advanced than the model of calling on companies and organizations to simply contribute!

…

From that night onward, the whole society was like the earth after a heavy snowfall, instantly changing its appearance.

What people discussed, paid attention to, and cared about was no longer domestic trivia, celebrity gossip, domestic news, or the situation overseas. Instead, it was the war of resistance that lasted for eight years more than sixty years ago, and the veterans who shed their blood and sacrificed their lives for the nation during the war.

The entire process of Li Mu's press conference, as well as the edited footage and the original documentary, were watched countless times on television and the Internet. That soul-stirring song, "1492 Conquering Heaven," also became a popular single. The whole society used sixty years to gradually forget the veterans, but Li Mu made the whole society remember these veterans again overnight.

In his previous life, charity projects related to veterans had never really entered the vision of every ordinary person. Everyone focused on official charity projects such as Project Hope, Touching Hua Xia, or the charity foundations of celebrities. Almost none of these celebrities' charity foundations were specifically set up for veterans.

Veterans passed away every day, quietly. Society would only think of those who had passed away during a limited number of specific times, such as Victory Day or National Memorial Day. However, society rarely thought of those veterans who were still alive. Everyone seemed to have tacitly ignored this group. Occasionally, there would be some philanthropists who focused on charity for veterans, but because of their lack of influence, they could not promote this charity project to the world.

However, Li Mu had enough influence.

Moreover, Li Mu used "Flying Tigers" to whet the appetite of the whole society. At the same time, he remained silent in the face of the negative comments on the Internet, stayed away from the media, and turned himself into bait. Then, he attracted everyone's attention to the current situation of the surviving veterans, as well as the importance of protecting, making up for, and repaying them in their lifetime.

In order to achieve this goal, Li Mu used the most sincere way to show the "past and present lives" of the veterans, making countless people cry in front of their television screens or computer monitors.

While people were deeply moved by the veterans, they also completely realized that Li Mu's high level of social responsibility was enough to make most people look up to him.

What was ridiculous was that when Li Mu wholeheartedly promoted the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, there was actually a group of idiots with ulterior motives who questioned Li Mu on the Internet and even made up all kinds of ridiculous rumors to slander Li Mu. This was absolutely intolerable filthy behavior!

A large number of netizens immediately emerged on the Internet and desperately supported Li Mu, angrily rebuking and cursing the fabricators of the rumors.

They said that Li Mu had changed?

Yes, he had changed, but he had become more noble!

They said that Li Mu had separated himself from the masses and hung out with rich kids?

Yes, he hung out with the hedonistic young masters, but his real purpose was to use his noble sentiments to lead those hedonistic young masters to work together and contribute to society!

A few hundred people in the CSC Club donated 86 million to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation!

This was the best proof!

They said that the CSC Club was a place for rich kids to flaunt their wealth and corrupt society?

This was simply bullsh * t!

As long as Li Mu was there, such things would never happen!

The people in the CSC Club were indeed rich, and they were indeed second-generation rich kids, but did the children of rich families have to be rich kids?

Didn't they see that they were donating to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation?

The entire club was full of positive energy. Where else could you find a club formed by so many rich people with positive energy?

This was probably the only club in the country, right?

Li Mu didn't care about the comments that slandered or flattered him on the Internet. The main purpose of this press conference was to push the whole society to pay attention to the veterans. Secondly, it was to let those idiots who doubted him slap themselves in the face. Therefore, the one-sided support on the Internet did not make him happy. He was happy that the whole society expressed great affirmation and recognition for the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. This was the most important thing.

However, the more than four hundred members of the CSC Club could really hold their heads high this time!

Never in their wildest dreams would they have thought that Li Mu would actually make such a huge advertisement for everyone's donation. My God, a press conference had thrown this matter in front of the entire nation. Now, the CSC Club had become the representative of positive energy. On the internet, there were endless praises from the masses!

Now that they announced to the public that they were from the CSC Club, people who heard them would give them a thumbs up and praise them.

Being a good person was addictive, especially after receiving praise that they had never received before. Many of the CSC Club's members were especially excited, and their inner state was suddenly raised a lot. They always felt that since they were from the CSC Club, they must learn from Li Mu and contribute more to society. At the same time, they must strictly control their words and actions. In the future, when they drove a sports car on the streets, they must not exceed the speed limit, randomly step on the gas pedal, or randomly honk. They must be the most law-abiding of all the cars. This was in line with the identity of the CSC Club.

The Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation not only received widespread attention and praise from the whole society, but it also received extremely enthusiastic voluntary donations from all walks of life. The enthusiasm of the donations was so high that it even exceeded everyone's expectations.

At 10 PM on the second day of the press conference, the foundation's bank account and Alipay had received a total of 980 million RMB from 34 million people all over the country!

And the amount was still rising!

Even Li Mu was shocked!

He never thought that the people's enthusiasm would be so strong!

When Liu Xinying learned of the amount, she cried in front of Li Mu. What moved her was that within one day, more than 30 million people were moved by Li Mu and the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. Within one day, they donated nearly one billion RMB to the entire charity foundation!

Li Mu knew that people must have been really moved, and that was why they were so enthusiastic in donating to the veterans. More than 30 million people donated one billion RMB, and each person donated 30 RMB. The amount donated in one day had exceeded the basic expenses that he and Wei Lan had estimated that the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation would need for the next 20 years.

In addition, the foundation's cooperation mailbox received thousands of emails requesting cooperation within one day. According to the feedback from the staff responsible for cooperation, these included almost all the civilian industries in the country. There were large enterprises that were willing to donate a TV to every certified veteran in the future, with no upper limit. But with the estimated scale of more than 20,000 surviving veterans, this commitment was worth at least tens of millions of RMB. There were also small township enterprises that were willing to donate their own canned fruits to every certified veteran, and even plastic factories hoped to donate washbasins and plastic slippers to the veterans.