Chapter 803

Le Tao's life was full of misfortunes.

Before it went online, Boss Ma urged and waited for Le Tao to complete its development and go online as soon as possible. At that time, Boss Ma had three logistics companies in his hands, and logistics was his trump card.

Unfortunately, Li Mu and Liu Xiaodong's words in front of the media pinned Boss Ma with malicious competition and maliciously obstructing the development of e-commerce. Now, the three logistics companies were being punished, and their advantages were gone.

Finally, the development was completed, and everything was ready to go online. Li Mu was in the limelight, and Le Tao's rhythm was suddenly stuck in a quagmire, unable to move forward.

While Boss Ma was waiting for the opportunity to go online, he was also racking his brains to find a suitable second trump card. However, Taobao's development was becoming more and more comprehensive, and its armed forces were getting stronger. Even the government was backing up Taobao, and it was even harder for him to find a flaw in Taobao.

In the afternoon, Boss Ma called for an emergency internal meeting. After the routine anger, accusations, and accusations, Boss Ma decided to continue delaying Le Tao's plan until he thought the right opportunity appeared.

Li Mu was also discussing with Liu Xiaodong in private. Currently, there were more and more small and medium-sized sellers on Taobao, and it was developing at a blowout speed. Li Mu felt that it was time to launch a large-scale fight.

In Li Mu's eyes, there was no doubt that those who sold fake goods online were all selling fake goods knowingly, and the fake goods online could only go in two directions. One was buying fake goods knowingly, and the other was buying fake goods knowingly. If he made a high-profile fight online, he would be protecting the rights and interests of the users who bought fake goods knowingly, and it would affect the interests of the good couple who sold fake goods knowingly and bought fake goods knowingly.

To Li Mu, sacrificing this bit of market share was nothing to him. As long as he could ensure that other platforms did not have a chance to sell fake goods, he could defend his advantage and purify the e-commerce environment. Therefore, a fight was imperative for him.

Following the previous relationship, once the platform cracked down on counterfeits, the sellers who knew that they were fake would lose the platform to sell them, and the buyers who knew that they were fake would lose the platform to buy them. These two groups would definitely try their best to find the next platform that could accommodate their needs. This was also the only "weakness" that he had exposed to his competitors.

If someone wanted to surpass Taobao, then he would definitely pay attention to this "weakness". If he had integrity and didn't take advantage of this "weakness", then he would be lucky. If he didn't have integrity and took advantage of this "weakness", then he would be in big trouble. Because he still didn't know that the e-commerce counterfeiting legislation was already being discussed by the higher-ups. Moreover, from the extent to which the higher-ups satisfied his other demands, he could guess that the e-commerce counterfeiting legislation would definitely receive a positive and clear reply.

In this case, whoever's platform condoned or even encouraged the selling of fake goods would be in big trouble. When he seized his "weakness" to expand wantonly, he wouldn't have thought that in the next few months, the laws and regulations or temporary measures to crack down on e-commerce counterfeiting would definitely be announced. Once it was announced, the government would definitely use a heavy fist to protect the purity of the e-commerce market.

Therefore, a fight on Taobao platform was not only a good opportunity for Li Mu to eliminate the sellers on the platform, but also a good opportunity to set up a deadlock for his unscrupulous competitors. He couldn't wait to see who would jump into this deadlock without hesitation.

…

After deciding on the process of cracking down on counterfeits, Li Mu received a call from Dong Ai.

On the phone, she told Li Mu in a heavy tone that Mei Yanfang was found to have cancerous tissue during the physical examination.

The chief physician of Peking Union Hospital said that there was more than an 80% possibility that Mei Yanfang had cervical cancer. Whether it was true or not, further cervical scraping cytology examination was needed. The only comforting thing was that the attending physician said that even if it was confirmed to be cervical cancer, it was in the early stage. The lesion should have appeared between three months to six months, and it could be effectively controlled through surgical removal.

Dong Ai said it in a heavy tone, but Li Mu felt exceptionally comforted. It was a disease that was destined to be inevitable. The sooner it was discovered, the more comforting it was.

At this moment, Mei Yanfang, who was in Peking Union Hospital, was about to break down. Fortunately, Zhang Guorong and Dong Ai accompanied her, which gave her some psychological comfort.

After comforting Mei Yanfang, Dong Ai contacted Li Mu first to give Mei Yanfang and Zhang Guorong some private space. After all, they had been friends for decades. At this time, leaving Zhang Guorong to accompany her alone should be the best choice for Mei Yanfang.

Zhang Guorong moved a chair and sat opposite to Mei Yanfang. She comforted her, "Don't be so worried. The doctor only said that it was suspicious, not 100% sure."

Mei Yanfang said with red eyes, "The doctor said that there is a conservative estimate of more than 80% possibility. And I don't know why, but I have a feeling that this time, I really can't escape …"

Zhang Guorong frowned and asked her, "Why can't we escape?

Not to mention that it hasn't been diagnosed yet. Even if it was diagnosed, so what?

You should be glad that it was discovered early, so that you can receive treatment early. Didn't the doctor say that many patients who were discovered early survived for more than ten years after the operation?

Although the development in China is good, the medical conditions are still not as good as Hong Kong. If you go back to Hong Kong for treatment, I believe the situation will be better. If you don't trust the medical conditions in Hong Kong, you can go to the UK or the US. Anyway, you have to know that everything is not as bad as you think! "

Mei Yanfang sighed deeply and said, "There are people in Hong Kong who have cervical cancer. I know about this disease. If it is diagnosed, once the operation is done, I will never be able to have a baby in this life. Brother, I am already 39 years old this year …"

At this point, Mei Yanfang actually shed two lines of tears.

Only then did Zhang Guorong realize that he had misunderstood Mei Yanfang. She was not afraid of cancer, but she was afraid that cancer would take away her most important and greatest fertility as a woman.

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were good friends. He knew that it was not easy for Mei Yanfang to work hard for so many years. Her love journey was not as smooth as his. One year, Mei Yanfang once jokingly said to him, "If I am not married when I am 40 years old, will you marry me …"

At that time, Zhang Guorong did not misunderstand. He knew that it was a sad joke. When he heard it, his heart was filled with pity and blessings for her. However, he did not expect that she was still single at 39 years old. Now, there was a high chance that she would be diagnosed with cervical cancer. This disease might not take away her life in the next ten to twenty years, but it was very likely that she would be deprived of her right to be a mother forever. Thinking of this, even Zhang Guorong felt very sad.

However, when she remembered that the two of them were best friends, Zhang Guorong adjusted her mentality and said with a smile, "You know, I've been suffering from depression since last year. When I was in pain, I thought about ending my life, and the symptoms became more and more serious. The idea of suicide became stronger and stronger, and it didn't improve at all. I wrote about seven or eight wills. Fortunately, I survived at the last moment, otherwise …"

Speaking of this, Zhang Guorong sighed softly and said, "But I did not expect that good things would come back to me. I admire Du Wei. Although I don't know her, I still wanted to use the opportunity of the Miao Protection Charity Gala to help her. I did not expect that I would help myself in the end."

Mei Yanfang's red eyes were full of shock as she looked at him. Although she knew that Zhang Guorong was suffering from depression, she did not expect him to have suicidal thoughts, and more than once.

Zhang Guorong continued, "At that time, because of me and Tang Sheng, more than half of the media in Hong Kong attacked and insulted me. Even Zu Yaoting provoked me in public. But because I helped Du Wei, Du Wei's boss, Li Mu, helped me at that time. That's how I got the opportunity to be the student ambassador of 3321. During this time, I escaped from the murky Hong Kong Entertainment Circle. With your company, we traveled to the poor areas of Yun Gui Province and helped so many students, giving them the opportunity to go to college. We also enjoyed a comfortable and peaceful life by Erhai Lake. I feel that my life has never been so fulfilling. Now, I don't even have the thought of suicide anymore. Instead, I've been thinking about how to make the rest of my life more exciting …"

At this point, Zhang Guorong reached out and gently held Mei Yanfang's hand. He said seriously, "Anita, what I want to say is, every step in life is the will of the heavens. Sometimes, what seems like a bad thing may not necessarily have a bad ending. What you see now is that after the diagnosis, you may lose the ability to have a baby, but have you ever thought that if the diagnosis had been a little later, you might have lost your life?

Now, we should be happy, we should be thankful. Thankful that even if the diagnosis was unfortunate, it was discovered early, and there was a chance for treatment. "

Mei Yanfang wiped her tears and nodded lightly. She sighed and said, "You're right, I've been too busy with work in Hong Kong. I haven't had a physical examination for two to three years. I used to think that I was still young and healthy, so I neglected this. If I hadn't accompanied you to be the Student Ambassador this time, it might really be like what you said. By the time I found out, I might have already been beyond cure …"

Zhang Guorong said, "You have to thank Li Mu. If it wasn't for his thoughtful arrangements, you might not have found out so early."

Mei Yanfang nodded lightly, but said with red eyes, "Big Brother, I think I should thank you even more. You've always been taking care of me, guiding me, and helping me. Even what happened today is because of the good karma you've planted …"

Zhang Guorong smiled. "The good karma was planted by you, have you forgotten?

You've been with me in the mountains of Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau for so long for charity. "

When Mei Yanfang heard this, she was slightly stunned, then nodded lightly.