Chapter 882

Su Yingxue just came back. Li Mu had a relaxed and happy meal, but deep in his heart, there was always a faint irritation.

The irritation was that Su Yingxue was by his side, but he didn't find a chance to be alone with her.

The reason why he was eager to be alone with Su Yingxue was not because Li Mu's mind was full of thoughts with her, but since the last time Su Yingxue called him in the middle of the night and used the "class teacher" metaphor to open a window for him, Li Mu had always wanted to have a good chat with Su Yingxue.

He could tell her all the business layout that he could reveal at the moment and see what kind of perspective and view she, as a potential strong woman and a potential senior executive of a multinational company, would have on his current situation.

In other words, Li Mu actually needed a suitable person to talk to, someone who was not distant from him in his heart and hoped to understand the content of his talk.

Just the first request made all of Li Mu's current partners pass. Li Mu felt that in the business world, interests were always the first.

If there were no interests, Liu Shixiong would not give up his personal business in Zhongguancun to start his own business; if there were no interests, Kong Lingyu would not have joined the Easy Listening team in the beginning; if there were no interests, Lin Ching-ah would not have left the Japanese company where she worked for three years to join the earliest team of Makino Technology; if there were no interests, how could Fang Xudong, a technical talent of Google, be willing to return to China to join Makino Technology?

Apart from his parents, Li Mu felt that the women around him were the only ones who were close to him in his heart.

This kind of thing was not suitable to talk or communicate with his parents. They were old, and it was not suitable for them to think about the field and layout that they had never touched. Among the women around him, Li Mu felt that Su Yingxue was the only one who had this kind of spirituality.

On the road of development, layout, and planning, Li Mu had always been very lonely. His subordinates, whether they were famous big shots in his previous life or unknown ordinary people, were very capable within his framework. They could carry out any work that he assigned to them well. However, what made Li Mu feel lonely was precisely this.

Everyone, including Liu Shixiong, was not Li Mu's soulmate. What was a soulmate?

A soulmate was someone who could hear his ambition and the deepest thoughts in his heart from his music. It was not a simple clap of hands and praise, or playing the song with him at the fastest speed.

At present, everyone in the team was an impeccable executor, but what about a soulmate?

In Li Mu's opinion, there was not a single soulmate.

No one could guess his entire layout and planning through a little intention. Liu Shixiong couldn't do it, Lei Jianguo couldn't do it, Lin Ching-ah, Kong Lingyu, Fang Xudong, Ding Zhenglin, and even Chen Tong couldn't do it.

However, Li Mu also understood that he didn't have a soulmate because many of his ideas were too advanced. Product thinking, ecological thinking, closed-loop thinking, and operational thinking were almost all advanced methods after 2010. In this era, it was difficult for even the best people to understand them.

Li Mu firmly believed that every great person was not born great. He just ran out of rhythm on the road of greatness and ran further and further. Liu Shixiong was a good example.

From 2001 to 2002, this brother was just a self-employed person. From 2003, this brother put his shop on the domain name of 360buy. He just wanted to set up an online shop.

But how did he create Jingdong step by step?

To put it bluntly, it was because things were progressing step by step, which allowed his thinking to keep up with the times. The speed of development was fast, and the speed of thinking was even faster. In the end, there was a giant like Jingdong.

To Li Mu, all his plans were advanced in this era. He couldn't talk about some of his far-reaching plans. Not many people would really understand his current plans. However, Li Mu vaguely felt that Su Yingxue might understand.

Just like that night, she could call him at that time. She could guess that he was definitely not asleep. She could guess that he was nervous and hesitant. This proved that she really knew what he was thinking.

In fact, even if Su Yingxue didn't understand, Li Mu still wanted to confide in her because no one was more suitable than her.

…

At the dinner table, Li Mu and Wang Shaohua each drank two or three ounces of white wine. Just when they were slightly tipsy, Su Yuehua stopped them in time and didn't let them continue drinking.

Tomorrow was Monday. Not only did Wang Shaohua have to get up early for work, she knew that Li Mu must be very busy too.

In addition, Wang Xinran had to report to school tomorrow. The admission of the new students of the Film Academy would officially start tomorrow. According to her, she wanted Su Yingxue to accompany her. The National People's Congress would report to school the day after tomorrow. The registration process for senior students was very simple. After paying the tuition and miscellaneous fees and swiping the registration card, they could basically wait for the class to start in peace. In theory, Su Yingxue would definitely be free tomorrow.

Su Yingxue also knew that she couldn't refuse, so she said, "I can accompany you to school tomorrow morning, but I can't go home with you tonight. I have an appointment with a roommate of mine. She just arrived today and wants me to go back to accompany her. If I don't go back to the dormitory, she will be alone."

After that, Su Yingxue added, "But I can get up early tomorrow and meet you at home. Then we can go to the Film Academy together."

Although Su Yingxue said this while looking at Wang Xinran, she kept sneaking glances at her aunt, Su Yuehua. Her words were actually an excuse. Among the six people in the dorm, aside from herself and Cai Zhi who died in a car accident, the other four had already arrived.

The reason why she lied was that Su Yingxue had been thinking about Li Mu.

During the time she was at home, although she didn't talk to Li Mu much, she spent more than ten hours in front of the computer every day. All of her time was used to search for all kinds of news and information related to Li Mu.

Whether it was in China or abroad, Chinese, English, Japanese … In short, Su Yingxue thought of all kinds of ways. She looked through all the information she could find several times, then sorted it out and analyzed it herself. She roughly understood the various situations that Li Mu was facing at the moment.

Since the last call with Li Mu, she also realized that Li Mu must be under a lot of pressure. She also knew that Li Mu couldn't express his stress to the outside world, or even to his subordinates. Therefore, if Li Mu needed to vent the pressure in his heart, she must be the most suitable person to listen to.

Wang Xinran didn't hear that Su Yingxue was lying. When she heard that she had a roommate waiting for her, she said, "Then don't go home tomorrow. I'll go to the National People's Congress to find you, and then we'll go to the Film Academy together."

Su Yingxue nodded, "That's fine. The National People's Congress is closer to the Film Academy."

Su Yuehua understood Su Yingxue. Plus, she was experienced. She could almost see through Su Yingxue's thoughts at a glance. However, she didn't say anything. She just tacitly agreed with Su Yingxue's statement.

In Su Yuehua's current consciousness, she was no longer prepared to intervene in the matters between Su Yingxue and Li Mu.

At the moment, the entire Su family had a clear point of view: Su Yingxue could be with Li Mu. For the entire Su family, and even for Wang Shaohua, the son-in-law of the Su family, it would benefit a lot.

A few days ago, Su Yingxue's mother, who was also Su Yingxue's grandmother, celebrated her birthday. She and her husband, Wang Shaohua, returned to Haizhou together. This time, the couple chatted privately with her brother, Su Weimin, and sister-in-law, Fang Min for a few hours. The content of these hours shocked Su Yuehua.

First of all, Li Mu asked Zhao Kang to purchase 20 police cars for the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau. He didn't want a penny and gave them all to the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau. This was a big gift from Li Mu to Su Weimin. Not only did it solve the practical needs of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, but more importantly, through the cars, Li Mu made the entire officialdom of Haizhou understand that the relationship between this billionaire and Su Weimin was not ordinary.

The direct impact of this move was that at present, everyone in the officialdom of Haizhou was extremely polite to Su Weimin. Ding Sicheng, the head of the Municipal Party Committee, also used all kinds of means to show goodwill and win over Su Weimin. Su Weimin was expected to enter the core of the Municipal Party Committee.

In addition, what surprised Su Yuehua even more was that Su Weimin could sit in the position of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau's top leader because of Li Mu's private push.

Su Weimin had privately investigated many clues at that time, such as the conflict between Li Mu and the son of the Xiling Coal Mine's manager, Guo Lin, the reason why Li Mu's parents were laid off in advance, and then the exposure of Guo Lin's mistress of a female college student on the Internet, which naturally linked it to Li Mu. Only Li Mu had the motive to expose it and the ability to manipulate online public opinion. In addition, there was also the hit-and-run case that no one had a clue about, but the suspect was exposed on the Internet …

After deducing all the clues, Su Weimin firmly believed that all of this was controlled by Li Mu. He also admitted that Li Mu had brought two qualitative leaps to his career. One was the opportunity to become the top leader of the Municipal Public Security Bureau, and the other was the opportunity to enter the core of the Municipal Party Committee.

Su Yuehua was amazed and also exchanged information with her brother and sister-in-law. In fact, it was not only Su Weimin who had benefited from Li Mu, but Su Yuehua's family had also benefited from Li Mu.

Wang Shaohua's fate was actually not much different from Su Weimin's. At that time, he was almost removed from his position. If it were not for Li Mu, he would have either been suspended or sent to a town. But now, he was able to advance smoothly in the Construction Committee, and the root cause was also Li Mu.

When Wang Xinran's score was changed in the art examination, there was no hope for her to enter the Film Academy. If it were not for Li Mu, she would not have been able to enter the Film Academy and act as a supporting actress in a big movie. She was afraid that the blow that Chen Yueyue, who changed her score, would have been enough to make her unable to recover. Not to mention, Li Mu had also asked for a suite from the Chen family for Wang Xinran.

The four people from the two families exchanged the situation with each other, and they were all extremely shocked. From this, the four of them also truly realized that Li Mu was their biggest benefactor and opportunity since they started working until now.

The four people who were originally afraid that Su Yingxue would be together with Li Mu now only felt lucky. They felt lucky that Su Yingxue finally came together with Li Mu. Otherwise, who knew what the situation would be like between the two families now, and it would definitely be much worse than it was now.