Chapter 968

Zhao Ziqiu's villa in Ziyun Villa was not far from the villa that Li Mu bought from Wei Lan.

Li Mu's house was slightly deeper than Zhao Ziqiu's house, and the area was also slightly larger.

The reason why Li Mu wanted to buy a villa in Ziyun Villa was more or less related to the time when he was caught red-handed by Zhao Xianliang. This kind of relationship existed more in Li Mu's subconscious. It was a kind of feeling that he would get up from where he fell.

However, Li Mu no longer had the mentality of competing with Zhao Xianliang. Now, the relationship between them had eased a lot. Li Mu respected him as an elder and also regarded him as a good teacher.

He drove the car into Ziyun Villa with ease. Zhao Xianliang was originally worried that Li Mu's car could not enter Ziyun Villa, but he did not expect that the security guard would salute Li Mu's car and let it go. Li Mu's car only slowed down slightly in front of the door and then drove straight in without stopping.

This surprised Zhao Xianliang. He originally thought that he had to show up to let the car in. He did not expect that the security guard would let Li Mu in directly. Could it be that the security level of Ziyun Villa had been lowered?

After thinking about it carefully, Zhao Xianliang felt that it was unlikely.

Ziyun Villa was the best villa area in Yan Jing's Fifth Ring Road. Not only did it have a good location, a good environment, and good hardware, but more importantly, it was well managed. The people who lived here were either rich or noble, so the security here would definitely not be lax.

Although Li Mu only smoothly drove into the door, Zhao Xianliang, who was good at observation, quickly concluded that Li Mu should have bought a villa in Ziyun Villa. In his opinion, this was the only reasonable explanation for this small detail.

The car stopped in front of Zhao Ziqiu's villa. Li Mu was still hesitating whether he should send them home and go in for a while, or find an excuse to leave to avoid unnecessary embarrassment.

At this time, Lei Jianguo called Li Mu. Li Mu said to Zhao Xianliang, "Uncle Zhao, I'll take this call first."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said, "You go ahead with your work. I'll go down and open the door. After the call, drive the car in and sit at home for a while."

Li Mu agreed. After Zhao Xianliang got out of the car, he called Lei Jianguo.

"Hello, Director Lei."

Lei Jianguo said over the phone, "Li Zong, I didn't disturb your vacation, did I?"

Li Mu smiled faintly. "I'm not on vacation. If you have anything to say, just say it."

Lei Jianguo said, "Didn't you say that Le Tao would most likely focus their attention on small and medium-sized sellers? We have been closely monitoring the situation of small and medium-sized sellers. Since yesterday, many ordinary clothing sellers on our platform have received private contact from the staff of Le Tao's marketing department. Currently, what we know is that Le Tao invited our sellers to open stores on their platform, and they promised to provide technical support and traffic support. At the same time, they also promised to give them a certain amount of platform subsidies in the first six months of the store opening. It is said that many sellers are very interested. Director Liu and I feel that we need to respond as soon as possible, so we called you to ask for your opinion."

Li Mu asked, "Technical support, traffic support, platform subsidies. What are the details of these three aspects?"

Lei Jianguo said, "As for technical support, Le Tao's people told our ordinary sellers that as long as our sellers agree to open stores on their platform, their technical staff will be responsible for registering the store for them. They will even help them grab the product information from their stores on Taobao and automatically put the same product on Le Tao's platform. In other words, the sellers basically don't need to do any actual work. As long as they nod, they will have a Le Tao online store that is exactly the same as their online store on Taobao."

Li Mu couldn't help but praise, "This is very smart. This is intended to reduce the user's operation costs as much as possible, and reduce the rejection and laziness of the sellers as much as possible."

Lei Jianguo said, "Yes, it is indeed very smart."

Then, Lei Jianguo said, "As for the traffic support, Le Tao's people promised to give a certain amount of recommendation space to the owners who open stores first. They also promised to buy traffic from other websites to increase the exposure of their stores."

"What about the platform subsidies?"

Lei Jianguo said, "The platform subsidies are more ruthless. Le Tao's policy is to give two types of subsidies in the first half of the store's opening. One is to use the three logistics companies under Le Tao to subsidize all the store owners' delivery costs. According to the prices they give, the seller's delivery costs can be reduced by 40%. Other than that, there is another subsidy, which is to directly give all the store owners 5% of their sales as a platform subsidy."

"F * ck!" Li Mu said angrily, "This is too ruthless, isn't it?

First, they lowered the cost of Taobao store owners opening stores on Le Tao to the lowest, and then they gave them traffic support to attract these sellers to open stores on Le Tao at zero cost. These two points are enough to attract these sellers. They also gave a discount on the shipping costs and a 5% platform subsidy. This is not only to attract Taobao sellers to Le Tao, but also to entice the sellers to guide Taobao users to Le Tao to close the deal! "

If it was just to attract Taobao sellers to open stores on Le Tao, Li Mu didn't think it was a threat. Because Le Tao didn't have users or traffic, so what if Taobao sellers opened stores there?

In the beginning, many sellers opened stores on Taobao, and at the same time, they also opened stores on Tengxun Auction House. However, they couldn't afford to bid, and in the end, they still couldn't avoid death.

However, Boss Ma's strategy was ruthless. First, he let Taobao sellers open stores on Le Tao, then he gave a discount on the shipping costs and a 5% platform subsidy. This meant to the sellers: If the buyers closed the deal at Le Tao, their profit margin would be higher.

For example, the cost of a domestic express delivery was around 15 yuan. If Le Tao used its logistics advantage to give the sellers 9 yuan, it meant that if the seller lured Taobao users to Le Tao for a 100 yuan transaction, he could earn 6 yuan more in shipping costs and 5 yuan in platform subsidy. Under such circumstances, most sellers would try to attract users to Le Tao to place their orders.

Most importantly, the small and medium-sized sellers on Taobao were not stable enough. They didn't fully realize how much additional benefits they would receive after Taobao accumulated enough levels and credit. Therefore, under such circumstances, the small and medium-sized sellers must be short-sighted. Le Tao giving them such a huge discount was equivalent to opening up a shortcut for them to earn more money in the short term.

Want to earn more money?

If you trick Taobao users to place their orders at Le Tao, you could earn about 10% more, and this didn't include the additional orders that Le Tao itself brought to the sellers.

To the sellers, as long as they tricked users to place their orders on another platform, they could earn more. Why not?

To Le Tao, one seller doing this was nothing. But what if there were hundreds or even thousands of sellers doing this?

They could increase Le Tao's orders by thousands or even tens of thousands every day.

Thousands or even tens of thousands of orders every day, and the corresponding sales would be tens to millions or even more.

With an increase of a few million in sales every day, Le Tao would immediately undergo earth-shattering changes. It would immediately turn from a dying struggle into a thriving business. How much would Boss Ma have to pay?

Even if Le Tao increased its sales by 10 million a day, he only needs to pay 500,000 USD as a subsidy. If Le Tao can increase its sales by 10 million every day for half a month, Sun Zhengyi and Amazon will immediately invest tens of millions of USD into Le Tao.

Therefore, Boss Ma really had a wishful thinking.

Li Mu admired Boss Ma's methods very much. This guy could always grasp the core key point. The first time, he realized that logistics would become his weakness, so he grasped the core key point. The second time, he realized that Le Tao had to abandon electronic products to focus on daily necessities if he wanted to win. This time, he focused on C2C and wanted to start with his small and medium-sized sellers. Once again, he grasped the core key point. Moreover, his methods were so disgusting that it made people feel as if they had swallowed a fly and feel disgusted.

Li Mu began to calculate in his mind that he could not continue to waste time with Boss Ma like this. This person was poisonous. After being entangled with him for so long, his means were giving him more and more headaches. This time, he must find a way to smash his wishful thinking, and then drag him to the path of death that he had prepared for him as soon as possible, and finish it in one stroke!

After thinking for a while, Li Mu told Lei Jianguo. "How about this? I still have 2 hours in the afternoon. You and Manager Liu can wait for me at the company. I will meet up with you after I settle my matters."

Lei Jianguo immediately said. "Ok. We will wait for you at the company."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu immediately turned off the car and entered the yard. He said to Zhao Xianliang, Xie Yun, and Zhao Ziqiu, who were waiting in the yard, "Uncle, Auntie, Ziqiu, there is something urgent at the company. I have to go there as soon as possible, so I won't go in. I will try to deal with things in advance tomorrow and come here early."

Zhao Xianliang nodded. "Since there is something urgent, go and do your business first. We will go in and rest for a while. It's almost time to go out. Let's talk tomorrow night."

Xie Yun also said, "Li Mu, be careful when you drive later. Come here early tomorrow night."

Li Mu hurriedly nodded and said, "Okay, Auntie. I will go first."

After that, Li Mu winked at Zhao Ziqiu and mouthed, "I will go first."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "Mom, Dad, I will send Li Mu out. You can go in and have a rest first."

Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun didn't say much. After saying goodbye to Li Mu, they entered the villa. Zhao Ziqiu accompanied Li Mu out of the gate. Before Li Mu got in the car, she said to Li Mu coquettishly, "Come early tomorrow night. Don't stand me up."

Li Mu reached out and touched her face. He said with a smile, "Don't worry. I will come early."

Zhao Ziqiu gently grabbed Li Mu's hand and kissed Li Mu's palm. Then she said softly, "Drive slowly."

Li Mu drove out of the Purple Cloud Villa. Then, he immediately stepped on the accelerator and sped up. He muttered to himself, "Ma, you really don't want to die. If I don't kill you this time, it will be unforgivable!"

…