Chapter 347

Li Mu has his own ideas about "Legend of Mir 2." "Legend of Mir 2" is definitely the fastest train on the internet, and he has been thinking about how to make money since his rebirth. However, after understanding Chen Tianqiao's methods, Li Mu understood that it's difficult to make money from them openly. That's why Li Mu created "Legend of Mir 2" to earn some benefits from "Legend of Mir 2."

But now, Shengda has approached him, and they are interested in his payment channel. Things will get interesting.

Li Mu has his own ranking of the users of various internet companies. Although many internet companies can have hundreds of millions of users, the quality of the users varies greatly. Alipay's user quality is very high because its users are all payment users, and Alipay controls the key to transferring money from the user's account to the internet. QQ's user quality is lower than Alipay's, but it has a complete ecosystem and uses other paid services to tap into the potential profits of its users. That's why its user quality is only second to Alipay. However, Qihu 360 and Sogou Input Method don't have high user quality. Although they have a large number of users, it's difficult to convert the users, and the value of the users isn't high.

Now, Alipay's users are at the top, but the users of "Legend of Mir 2" are also at the top. The reason is simple. "Legend of Mir 2" is a pay-to-play game, and all users above level 7 have to pay. If not, they won't be able to play the game. That's why all users above level 7 are paying users.

However, the biggest difference is that Alipay is like a zipper on the user's wallet, and the user can take money out of the user's wallet directly. "Legend of Mir 2" doesn't have this ability, and Feng Yu can only use others to take money out of the user's wallet.

Li Mu also values the paying customers of 'Legend of Mir 2', and Fu Bin's suggestion has moved him. If Legend of Mir 2's users can use Alipay, Alipay will be able to gain a large number of paying customers. Also, if Legend of Mir 2 becomes famous as a third-party payment channel, many companies will want to use Alipay as a payment channel. That way, Alipay will be able to earn more money.

But although Fu Bin made a suggestion that moved Li Mu, he didn't give Li Mu an implementation plan. Just like what Li Mu calculated just now, he sacrificed 5% of the profits, and even if Shengda subsidizes the users, it won't be enough to give the users any benefits.

On one hand, Li Mu insists on 10% of the profits, and on the other hand, Fu Bin doesn't have any other ways to move Li Mu. The atmosphere in the meeting room became awkward. Fu Bin doesn't want to use the company's bottom line to get back his agreement with Alipay. If this happens, he will lose face when he returns to the company. That's why he can't agree to 10% of the profits, at least not now.

At this time, Lin Qingya could tell that there was a gap in the conversation between the two. She smiled and tried to smooth things over. "Manager Li, I feel that Mr. Fu's idea of a win-win situation is indeed beneficial to both of us. However, his suggestion might be a little difficult to implement. I have a suggestion, but I'm not sure if it will work."

Li Mu said, "Tell me about it."

Lin Qingya smiled and said, "Let's start with a 10% commission for a period of time. After a period of time, Shanda will need to cooperate with us on a promotion. At the very least, they need to give Alipay users a 20% discount. If the discount can be lower, that would be even better. Of course, we will not ask Shanda to give such a high discount all the time. This discount will only be given once to attract users to use Alipay as a payment channel. After that, we can lower the commission to 5%. However, Shanda will give Alipay users a long-term 2% discount. In other words, Alipay users will enjoy a permanent 98% discount. This discount is exclusive to Shanda, and no other payment channels can offer discounts.

Lin Qingya's suggestion was truly interesting. She knew that if she gave a 98% or 97% discount right from the get-go, the users wouldn't care at all. Hence, she wanted Shanda to bleed first, sacrificing a portion of their profits to attract users to Alipay. A 20% or 30% discount would be more than enough to attract users to register and use Alipay. Compared to a 97% or 98% discount, it was still more than enough to attract users to register and use Alipay.

If Shanda pays this price, Alipay will return the favor and lower the channel fees. At the same time, Shanda will use 2% to subsidize users. This way, Alipay users will continue to use Alipay.

This is a win-win situation for both parties.

Moreover, Lin Qingya had considered the rising trend of 'Legend of Mir 2'. That's why she suggested a 10% commission. She must be waiting for the popularity of 'Legend of Mir 2' to increase. Then, when the game reaches its peak, Shanda will give her a discount.

Fu Bin also understood Lin Qingya's intentions. But to him, this was something he could accept. After all, once Sheng Da gave him a huge discount, the channel fees would be permanently reduced to 5%. That was equivalent to cutting it in half! It was worth it!

Also, he believes Chen Tianqiao will agree to this suggestion.

This suggestion is feasible. The only problem is how long will the initial 10% share last.

From Fu Bin's point of view, he certainly hoped that from next month onwards, Shanda would give Alipay a discount and get a 5% share. But Li Mu would never agree.

But if Li Mu pushes the time limit too long, Shanda will not agree.

So, Fu Bin asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, I think Boss Lin's suggestion is good. If we cooperate according to Miss Lin's suggestion, how long will the initial 10% share last?"

After thinking for a while, Li Mu said, "If I say one year, it will be hard for you to accept it. If you say three months, I can't accept it either. How about this? Let's set it at half a year for now. But this half a year is the maximum deadline. During this period, I will consider moving up the schedule according to the operation of the Legend of Mir. Maybe if it really starts, I will agree to it in three months."

Fu Bin nodded. "Six months is more acceptable on our side. How about this, Mr. Li? After I return to the hotel today, I will communicate with the company. If the company has no objections, I will come over tomorrow to discuss the details of the cooperation. If the company has any objections, I will discuss it with you again."

Li Mu had no objection. He said, "You can contact Boss Lin directly tomorrow. I'll give her full authority to handle this matter."

"Okay."

Fu Bin smiled and stood up. He shook hands with Li Mu and Lin Ching-ah and said, "Then I'll take my leave."

Lin Ching-ah stood up to send Fu Bin off. Li Mu said to her, "Come to my office later."

Lin Ching-ah nodded and accompanied Fu Bin out. Li Mu went back to his office.

A few minutes later, Lin Ching-ah came to Li Mu's office and knocked on the door. When she entered, Li Mu invited her to sit opposite him. He said, "You'll be in charge of Shanda. I have two limits. 10% share and 6 months can't be shortened any further. Also, Shanda's Alipay customers can't be less than 75% off. If they're willing to give 5% of their profits, I'll give them 5% of my monthly profits to repay the customers. This way, we can give Alipay customers a 65% discount. In another half a year, the number of paying customers for Legend will reach an astonishing number. This will be very beneficial to us."

Lin Ching-ah immediately nodded and said, "Then I'll talk to them according to these limits."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Oh right, our school is going to have a holiday soon. It'll be around 35 days. I think I won't be in the company for a month, or I won't be able to be in the company often. Other than the holidays, you have to arrange the work and welfare of all the departments. If there's nothing special, just operate the company steadily. If there's anything unexpected, work with Old Kong to respond immediately. If you can't handle it, contact me."

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Don't worry, Li Zong. I'll arrange it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course I trust you on this."

Then, Li Mu asked her, "Have you made any progress with Storm Entertainment?"

"Yes."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I've contacted the technical leaders of several companies in Yanjing through headhunters. I'm talking to them about the remuneration. We'll set up the team as soon as possible. This way, we can start the operation of the game."

Li Mu nodded, sighed, and said, "What we lack the most now are technical talents. First of all, we need real master-level architects. You can find a way to contact the CTOs of all the major companies and get their resumes for me. If there's a suitable one, we don't care how much money we have to spend to get the real talent."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I don't know much about technical issues, so I'm afraid I don't have the ability to accurately identify talents in this area."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's not important. You just need to help me find the resumes of some famous people in the market and industry, then bring them to me. I'll do the screening."