Chapter 1219

At San Francisco Airport, Wei Lan and her father, Wei Jun, were waiting for Li Mu's arrival.

Wei Lan didn't want her father to follow her to the airport, but her elderly father insisted. The most fundamental reason was that he was extremely grateful to Li Mu. In his eyes, Li Mu was the savior of the entire Wei family.

When Li Mu's business jet landed at San Francisco Airport, Li Mu had already handed his laptop to Li Ziwei. On the laptop was an article he had written during the flight. The article was written in English, and the title was "Never Bow to Anyone."

This article was written by Li Mu using his own name. He went straight to the point at the beginning. In the article, he introduced the project of 3321 America and the core position of 3321 America.

There was no doubt that 3321 America was the same as its parent, 3321. It was a completely non-profitable educational charity organization. Li Mu also clearly pointed out in the article that 3321 America and 3321 would develop in parallel. They would definitely be in the same direction, but they would not interfere with each other. All the charity income earned by 3321 America would also be used to support poor students in the United States. So basically, 3321 America was a tutoring platform built entirely for American students.

The reason why he pointed out the position of 3321 America was to make American readers have a good impression of 3321 America. He wanted them to truly see 3321 America as an organization that sought the welfare of their compatriots.

As long as this goal was achieved and the American people had a good impression of 3321 America, then Li Mu would be able to pull the American readers into his camp. Then, when he bombarded James Keane and the entire Keane family, he would no longer be fighting alone. He would have the support of tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of American netizens.

After introducing 3321, Li Mu changed the topic and wrote, "Who would have thought that in the United States, which is known as the freest and most democratic market, there would be people with malicious intentions towards 3321 America, a purely public welfare project. Not only did they have ulterior motives, but they also forcibly interfered with 3321 America's promotion and obstructed it. They even coveted the entire 3321 America website, trying in vain to turn 3321 America into their own and become a tool to fish for fame. It was simply shameless!"

Then, Li Mu directly exposed James Keane's name. At the same time, he listed how James Keane tried to control 3321 and used 3321 to accumulate political capital for himself. He even included his shameless attempt to parse 3321 America to another domain of his own through domain name analysis.

Then, Li Mu exposed the fact that he had kicked James Keane out of Project 3321, as well as the fact that Paul Keane had stopped his plane and tried in vain to take 3321 America away from him. Then he wrote, "Mr. Paul Keane may not know me well. Although I come from Hua Xia, thousands of miles away, and I have no roots in the United States, I have never been afraid of anyone or any difficulties since I started my business empty-handed. This was true in the past, is true now, and will be true in the future!"

"I brought 3321 all the way to the United States so that he could do something for the young students in the United States, not to pave the way for someone's son to gain political power!

If anyone has bad intentions towards 3321, just bring it on. I, Li Mu, will definitely accompany you to the end! "

Throughout the entire article, Li Mu seemed to be making a strong statement, but deep down, his purpose was to give the Keane family a hard time. "Do you think that just because you have some connections, you dare to have ideas about my business?

Do you think that just because you are a local tyrant, you can stop my plane as you please?

Do you think that after you come here and yell, I can't do anything to you, and even have to swallow my anger? "

"This time, I will let you know the consequences of pissing me off!"

The reason why he wrote this article was that Li Mu wanted to make the first move. Before the Keane family could react, he would first ruin their reputation and push them to the opposite side of the United States!

Li Mu didn't care how much power they had in the American political world. At least on the matter of 3321, the American people would definitely stand with him.

Based on Li Mu's understanding of Americans, one of the things that Americans hated the most was the abuse of power by the privileged class. If the abuse of power violated the interests of ordinary people, then it would be a huge taboo in the hearts of Americans.

The Keane family was originally a privileged class in the United States, and 3321 was originally a public welfare product intended to benefit all American students. If the Keane family interfered with 3321 for their own benefit, then the American people would definitely criticize the Keane family. By that time, the anger of the people would be enough to make the Keane family suffer.

After the plane landed, Li Ziwei immediately took a car to Silicon Valley alone. She wanted to follow up on the news push on behalf of Li Mu.

This time, what Li Mu wanted was not as simple as just making a push. He wanted to make it into a hot topic. He wanted to incite as much dissatisfaction as possible with the privileged class and hostility towards the Keane family. If this was done well, for a long time in the future, the Keane family would have to bear a huge burden in everything they did. More importantly, once they experienced the impact of this huge burden, they would definitely learn to tuck their tails between their legs and never dare to have any ideas about 3321 again.

Li Ziwei left with Li Mu's orders. Li Mu came out of the airport with his three bodyguards and saw Wei Lan and Wei Jun who had been waiting for a long time.

Before Li Mu came to their side, Wei Jun couldn't help but come up to Li Mu. As soon as he came up to them, he reached out his hands and shook hands with Li Mu. He said, "Mr. Li, I've been waiting for so long, and I finally get to see you!"

Li Mu first secretly exchanged a look with Wei Lan. He could see the hidden excitement in the depths of Wei Lan's eyes. Then, he politely smiled at Wei Jun and said, "Hello, Uncle Wei. I didn't expect you to look so young!"

Wei Jun, who was almost 60 years old, looked very young. His hair was black, his body was thin, and his complexion and complexion were very good. His mental state was also impeccable. These few points seemed to have the effect of reducing his age. It made Wei Jun look like he was in his early forties. He didn't look old at all.

Wei Jun laughed and said to Li Mu, "I've been in a good mood recently. Plus, I've been exercising every day, so my complexion and appearance are better than before. Two days ago, I accompanied my wife to get her hair done. I couldn't resist the shop owner's persuasion, so I dyed my hair black. Not to mention, once my hair was dyed black, I looked a lot younger."