Chapter 1005

Li Mu successfully awakened the enthusiasm of all the Makino Technology employees at the scene. When everyone was extremely excited, it was almost time for the registration.

All the crew members responsible for the charter mission lined up under the Boeing 747, and then four flight attendants boarded the plane first. They waited inside and outside the cabin door, as well as in the corridors on both sides of the plane. At this time, 96 employees who were about to board the plane to the United States had lined up.

Li Mu, Kong Lingyu, and other senior leaders of Makino Technology shook hands with each employee going to the United States one by one, and finally gave everyone a word of encouragement.

Subsequently, the captain, co-captain, and purser also shook hands with everyone one by one, representing the crew to express welcome and blessings.

After giving these 96 people sufficient courtesy, Li Mu and other leaders of Muye Technology, as well as some of the family members of the employees, watched the 96 people board the plane.

After the registration was completed, the cabin door slowly closed, and the ladder truck was undocked and drove away from the plane. The four turbofan engines began to accelerate continuously. The plane relied on its own power and gradually taxied to the airport's taxiway, driving at a constant speed to the airport runway for take-off area.

Everyone who came to see off the plane did not leave until the Boeing 747 carrying 96 Makino Technology employees completed a 180-degree turn at the end of the runway. When the plane roared into the air at full power at the end of the runway, everyone returned to the city with a faint sense of loss.

Li Mu's speech on "Hua Xia's Internet Dream" to the Makino Technology employees in the United States at the airport had become popular at noon.

Makino Technology's reputation in China was great. The people had great enthusiasm for Makino Technology, Taobao, and Li Mu, so they paid a lot of attention to it. Therefore, news related to it was undoubtedly hot news for major media except for Yang Ma.

Since it was hot news, it was naturally a competition to see who was faster.

Several satellite TV stations, including Yanjing Satellite TV, were the most efficient. During the noon news, they had already edited the content of Li Mu's speech at 10 o 'clock in the morning. The most important content was excerpted and broadcast in the noon news.

Major online media did not want to lag behind, and a large number of graphic versions of the content continued to be online on major portals.

Once the content of the speech was reported by the media, it quickly caused an unexpected heated discussion in China. Television media and online media together triggered a dense online and offline bombardment.

People had two extreme comments about Li Mu's speech. Some people said that Li Mu was a national righteous person, and that everything he did was to revitalize national enterprises and enhance national pride. He was the only entrepreneur in Hua Xia that could make the people sincerely admire him. Some people said that Li Mu was fishing for fame. He was just an entrepreneur, but he was always talking about the country and talking about the country and the nation. In fact, he just wanted to elevate himself.

However, most people's Yanjing was clear. Almost 90% of the comments on the Internet were unreservedly supporting Li Mu.

There were many popular comments on every website and every post about Li Mu's speech. These popular comments were all positive without exception. It could be seen that most netizens still maintained a healthy and positive value.

Someone said, "Li Mu has refreshed my understanding of entrepreneurs. In the past, entrepreneurs in my eyes were synonymous with vampires, but Li Mu made me understand that an outstanding entrepreneur is not only pursuing profits, but also pursuing ideals, aspirations, and the nation. Just based on Li Mu's speech today, I've decided to become a YY member immediately and contribute to the globalization of YY!"

Someone said, "I've been working in a mold factory ever since I graduated from high school. In the blink of an eye, I've been working for five years now. Other than going to work, I only sleep, surf the Internet, and have nothing to do. I don't have any goals in life, and I feel that all the joy in life is waiting for the day I get my monthly salary. However, after watching Li Mu's speech today, my blood is boiling. If the only thing I look forward to every day is my salary, then my life is really a failure. Li Mu planted the seed of Hua Xia's Internet, and it has also planted a seed of unease in my heart. I've decided to go to Yanjing after this month's salary is paid and enroll in a computer technology training school. Although I don't have any foundation, I believe that as long as I work hard, the seed in my heart will definitely take root and sprout!"

Someone said, "Growing up, every time I watch the Olympics and see Hua Xia athletes win gold medals, raise the national flag, and play the national anthem, I can't help but tear up. That kind of national pride is hard for others to understand, and it sounds pretentious when I say it out loud.

My wife often throws cold water on me, saying that when these athletes give their lives in the Olympics, all they think about is how much money, how much real estate, and how many endorsements they can get after winning the championship. However, I feel that profit is not everything. There is also a very important part, and that is the national pride and mission of these athletes. No matter how the society develops, there will always be noble people who want to win glory for the nation. If we can't be so noble, we should at least be ordinary people who support the noble! "

Someone else said, "I'm currently applying for immigration. I have plans to immigrate to Canada with my wife and children. If everything goes well, everything will be settled by the end of the year.

It was supposed to be a happy thing, but when I saw Li Mu's speech, my heart suddenly felt very uncomfortable.

Actually, I'm not patriotic at all. I've always felt that compared to the developed countries in the West, the gap in all aspects is too big. After I had some ability, I even looked down on her, and even hated her. I only hoped to get a green card as soon as possible and bring my family away from this country.

But it wasn't until today that I understood that it's not that I'm not patriotic. I just don't love some of the details about her, and I lack tolerance for her. But fundamentally, I love this land, I love this nation, and I love my identity as a 'Hua Xia person.' No matter where I go in the future, no matter what language I speak, the brand of 'Hua Xia person' will be imprinted in my bones, imprinted in my soul … "

No one would have thought that Li Mu's speech to his own employees would trigger a heated discussion about national pride and national mission. Li Mu didn't expect this, and the media, including Yang Ma, were the same. Even the higher-ups who had been paying attention to Li Mu were shocked.

…

At this moment, far away in Hangzhou, Zhao Xianliang was sitting in his office, sighing at his wife, Xie Yun's consecutive victories.

"This kid Li Mu, the more he floats, the bigger his actions are. In front of the media and the people of the country, he is the founder of the 'positive energy concept.' If this matter continues to ferment, he might become the spokesperson of the national mission in the 21st century."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "Isn't this good? The more he is high-profile in terms of positive energy, the better it is for him. Li Mu's high-profile is obviously different from those entrepreneurs who donate a little money and become high-profile. The latter are obviously unstable, and any unexpected wind may blow them down. However, the foundation of Li Mu's way of doing things is built deep, little by little. The weight is all on the foundation. If this foundation is stable, no matter how big the earthquake is in the future, it won't be able to shake him down."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and said with a smile, "You're right. Actually, I'm not worried. I'm just impressed by this kid's ability. He really knows how to control the scale. He knows how to play more than a few decades of experience."

"Play?"

Xie Yun frowned and asked, "Do you think that Li Mu is deliberately controlling the scale and deliberately accumulating capital for himself?"

Speaking up to this point, Xie Yun didn't wait for him to answer and continued to ask, "Don't you think that Li Mu is doing this with sincerity?"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "I think it's half and half. This kid is very smart. I don't believe that he's doing it for himself. I don't believe that he's doing it for the sake of the nation."

Xie Yun smiled noncommittally and said, "I've seen the video report. I feel that Li Mu is quite sincere. I can see the clarity and purity in his eyes. At one point, I even felt that his eyes were filled with tears when he said those words. If he was pretending, then even an old fox like you wouldn't be able to pretend so well, let alone a young man like him."

Zhao Xianliang smiled awkwardly and said, "What kind of old fox am I?"

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang coughed twice, cleared his throat, and said, "Forget it, let's not talk about Li Mu anymore. Zhong Xinhua asked me out for dinner tonight. The company that his research institute started has already been acquired by Li Mu. He said that he wants to thank me for pulling the strings. Do you want to come with me?"

Xie Yun frowned. "Why didn't you say so earlier? I have a date tonight."

Zhao Xianliang said, "You didn't tell me that you had a date. Seriously, I'll go by myself."

After saying that, Zhao Xianliang asked, "Who are you meeting tonight?"

Xie Yun said, "I have a classmate who is coming to Hangzhou, and a few other classmates in Hangzhou said that they want to get together."

Zhao Xianliang nodded and asked her, "Which classmate of yours?

High school or university? "

"High school classmate. Later in university, he happened to be my dad's student. This time, he's also planning to visit my parents."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Alright, let's go our separate ways tonight. I'll go have a drink with Zhong Xinhua."

Xie Yun said, "You two drink less."

"I know." Zhao Xianliang nodded with a serious face.

Xie Yun saw the gift box on his table and asked casually, "What's inside?"

"Cigars."

Zhao Xianliang said, "Zhong Xinhua, that bookworm, I don't know where he learned it from, but he fell in love with cigars. Last time, I saw him smoking a third-rate brand cigar so hard that my throat hurt all night, so I got him some good stuff. This time, I'll bring it to him to try."

…