Chapter 1756

New York's airport and flight routes weren't that busy at night. Most of the flights from New York to China would take off in the morning or afternoon of New York's local time. There were almost no flights taking off at night, so the flight crew quickly applied for permission to take off at night.

Li Mu had wanted to leave early the next morning, but when he heard the flight can take off in an hour, he is eager to go home.

To him, there is no point in staying in New York.

The earlier he leaves, the more he can slap those Wall Street bigwigs in the face.

That's why he tweeted at the airport.

To post this Weibo, he had taken pictures with a digital camera and uploaded them to his computer. After that, he posted it on the internet.

The moment he posted it, it caused an uproar on Wall Street and the internet.

Li Mu's pictures and tweet revealed his disgust for Wall Street and the US media, and it completely disgraced these two groups.

Li Mu wants the world's netizens to understand that he left the US in the middle of the night because he was disgusted.

This is a slap to Wall Street's face, and it's even worse than the tweet.

The Wall Street bigwigs, who were in a secret meeting, regretted when they saw this tweet.

What they regret the most is that they did not inform Li Mu when they were planning for the internet market.

Soros had shown off too much in the past, and he felt that whenever there is an opportunity to make money, he will rush in with money. Who will inform the original owner?

Soros also did not inform the leaders of the Southeast Asian countries when he was setting up the Southeast Asian market.

Furthermore, they are not setting up a country or an industry.

But this industry is out of Wall Street's control, because there is only one giant in this industry, and this giant is Li Mu. Li Mu never cares about Wall Street.

It could even be said that Li Mu didn't even need to consider the attitude of the entire United States. Wall Street was nothing.

If Sequoia wanted to get into Muye Technology's car, they would have to kneel down and offer money to Li Mu. Larry Page and Elon Musk, the more successful tycoons in Silicon Valley, were now Li Mu's die-hard fans. Only Bill Gates and Microsoft had fought against Li Mu a few times, but they were completely defeated several times.

In this case, Wall Street still wanted to behave atrociously in Li Mu's territory without informing him. They were really used to sleeping at home and wanted to sleep wherever they went.

The Wall Street tycoons had never been slapped in the face like this. At this time, their credibility in front of the public had been completely lost. Even their media had been despised by the public because they helped them to promote the Internet market. At this time, what the Wall Street tycoons were thinking about was not how to retaliate against Li Mu, but how to appease Li Mu.

One tweet was already so powerful. If he sent three tweets a day for two weeks, who would be able to stand it?

Moreover, everyone is still looking forward to riding on Li Mu's coattails and following Li Mu to make money. If they do not find a way to turn the situation around, they will be finished.

At this time, Li Mu had already turned off his phone, and the plane had begun to roll out of the hangar, preparing to taxi to the end of the runway.

The Wall Street bigwigs really could not contact Li Mu. In the end, they could only find the registration number of Li Mu's private plane through New York Airport. Then, when the plane was about to take off, they contacted the pilot of Li Mu's private plane through the control tower.

The plane was already aimed at the runway, and the captain reported his call sign to the control tower through the radio. He said in English, "We have arrived at the designated runway. Requesting take-off."

The management of the control tower hurriedly said, "Please wait a moment. There is a Mr. Weinberg who wants to apologize to Mr. Lee through the control tower. I wonder if it is convenient for Mr. Lee to answer?"

The captain was surprised. He had never heard of someone apologizing to a passenger through the control tower, so he hurriedly opened the cabin intercom and said, "Hello, Mr. Lee. The control tower said that there is a Mr. Weinberg who wants to apologize to you through the control tower's radio. Is it convenient for you to answer?"

"Tell the control tower that I don't know any Mr. Weinberg. Also, ask the control tower since when did New York Airport's control tower channel become a private line?

If they don't let me take off, believe it or not, I will send a message to them on Twitter. "

The assets of Wall Street bigwigs were all over the United States, and it was even more so in New York.

It could be said that Wall Street capital was behind all the industries in New York, and this naturally included the airport.

In fact, the shareholders behind the airport were almost all from Wall Street.

Weinberg's full name was Gruewenberg, and he was one of the biggest tycoons on Wall Street in New York. He also held shares in the airport, so he had no way to contact Li Mu. His first thought was to contact him through the airport.

When he learned that Li Mu's plane had not taken off yet, he immediately asked to use his mobile phone signal to connect to the control tower. At the same time, he used the control tower's radio to get in touch with Li Mu.

At this moment, his attitude, his heart, and his actions were all lowly.

Money was the life of a Wall Street capitalist.

If you slapped him for no reason, he would not fight back. Instead, he would quote you a price. If you gave him enough money, he would slap the other side of his face.

Therefore, all his thoughts were to desperately express his apology and sincerity to Li Mu, hoping to move Li Mu.

However, Li Mu did not even care about Gao Bai, his old acquaintance, so why would he listen to someone he did not know?

When the captain heard Li Mu's words, he immediately repeated the content to the control tower in English.

The control tower, the person in charge of the airport, and Gruewenberg were all stunned.

Wasn't this too much of a slap in the face?

It was like hitting whoever came!

The airport was just doing a favor and pulling strings. In the end, Li Mu actually had the airport's weakness.

The control tower represented aviation safety. It was a very serious and important matter. It was not allowed to be used for private purposes.

The only exception was when there were pilots or control tower staff who occasionally used the control tower channel to propose to passengers or flight attendants. This kind of thing was more romantic, so it was more understood by the public.

However, a capitalist using the control tower channel to suck up to others without authorization was f * cking unreasonable.

If Li Mu exposed this matter on Twitter, the reputation of the airport would be tarnished.

The face of Wall Street capitalists would be even more tarnished.

Using his own funds, privileges, and media resources to fool the public was fine. In the end, even the control tower's resources were occupied. How shameless was he?

Gruewenberg felt a numbness in his scalp. This Li Mu was really unmoved by force or persuasion...

Also, why did he use Twitter?

Why does he always use Twitter?

Is there an end to it?

This feeling was like fighting a nuclear hooligan. If you sent the army, he would throw a nuclear bomb at you. If you sent the navy, he would throw a nuclear bomb at you. If you raised a white flag to surrender to him, he would throw a nuclear bomb at you …

The key was that Weibo and Twitter's influence was really great, far exceeding that of television media. Weibo and Twitter allowed people to participate in interaction, express their opinions, and even give people the opportunity to be the focus of attention and stage. Therefore, not only did people like Weibo and Twitter more, but they also felt that Weibo and Twitter were more credible.

This was the value of Weibo and Twitter at this stage.

Therefore, even if Weibo declined in the future, when something major happened or a big drama appeared in the entertainment industry, Weibo traffic would explode. The reason was that there was no other platform more suitable than Weibo and Twitter to dig out the greatest value of news.

At this moment, the person in charge of the airport said to Gruewenberg in private, "Mr. Gruewenberg, we have to let Li Mu's plane take off. Otherwise, if he really posts on Twitter, the reputation of the airport will be greatly affected. It won't be good for anyone."

Gruewenberg said helplessly, "Okay, finally, let the people in the control tower help me convey my most sincere apology to Li Mu. Just say that if he is willing, I will personally go to Hua Xia to apologize to him."

The person in charge of the airport said, "After conveying this message, the control tower will approve Li Mu's plane to take off."

Gruewenberg: "Okay, convey it!"

At this time, the staff in the control tower said to the captain of Li Mu's plane, "Hello, Mr. Gruewenberg hopes to convey his most sincere apology to Mr. Li Mu. If Mr. Li Mu is willing, he will personally go to Hua Xia to apologize to him."

After that, the staff in the control tower said, "I'm very sorry to take up your precious time. You can take off at any time."

The captain said "Okay," and then conveyed the tower's words to Li Mu.

After listening, Li Mu smiled coldly and said, "Ignore him, just take off."

The captain immediately said to the control tower, "Control tower, the take-off permission has been received. B4487 will take off now."

After that, the engine of the plane suddenly turned at full speed, and it quickly rushed onto the runway, rising into the air at the other end of the runway.

Gruewenberg was still waiting for Li Mu's reply. As the saying went, one should not hit a smiling person. Even if Li Mu said that they would meet in Hua Xia in the future, it would be giving him some leeway.

In the end, what made him collapse was that Li Mu did not even pay attention to him and flew away directly.

This was really f * cking humiliating!

He angrily slammed the table and stood up, cursing, "Li Mu is really too arrogant!"

Someone advised, "Mr. Gruewenberg, don't be angry. We really don't have any initiative in front of Li Mu. We can only let him be arrogant …"

Gruewenberg said, "I've never seen such an arrogant and rude person!

We must make Li Mu pay! "

"How do we make him pay?"

When everyone heard this, they all looked at him.

Gruewenberg said awkwardly, "I haven't thought of that yet."

Modoc, who had been silent all this while, said in annoyance, "We can't make Li Mu pay any price. He's completely out of our league now. All my media resources are no match for his Twitter. In the future, traditional media will probably become weaker and weaker in front of Weibo and Twitter."

At that moment, a young man suddenly said fiercely, "Unless we hire someone to kill him and vent our anger!"

Gruewenberg directly threw the cigar that he had not lit at the other party and scolded, "Is your brain eaten by a dog?

You want to hire someone to kill him?

If his money is used to hire someone, he can kill your whole family hundreds of times!

And you're not the only one who will be finished. The rest of us will also be implicated. At that time, our reputation in the United States and the world will be ruined!

With his current status, whoever dares to touch him behind his back will be doomed eternally, regardless of whether they succeed or not! "

The young man's eyes were swollen from the cigar. He said timidly, "I'm sorry, Mr. Gruewenberg, I was just saying …"

After saying that, Gruewenberg sighed and said, "You guys should keep a low profile in the future. Don't cause trouble for Li Mu in any aspect, especially the Internet. This person is too powerful. We are no match for him even if we work together. As for the listing of Makino Technology, we can only slowly mediate …"