Chapter 64

The two chatted for the whole afternoon. In the middle, Su Yingxue gave Li Mu a call to confirm their dinner date.

Li Mu naturally agreed. This dinner date had been dragged on long enough. He didn't expect that he would have to go back to his hometown, then go to Wen City and Jinling in the middle.

Zhao Kang knew that Li Mu had a dinner date with Su Yingxue, so he went home for dinner and pretended to be an obedient child.

Before leaving, Zhao Kang mysteriously pulled Li Mu's sleeve and whispered to him, "Su Yingxue was cold and arrogant during the three years of high school, but I feel that she is no different from a normal girl in front of you. I think she has a good impression of you. You two are going to the same university this time. You have a bright future ahead of you!"

Li Mu was speechless. Looking at Zhao Kang's confident face, he sighed in his heart. He was already in his thirties and had experienced many cruel hardships. After his rebirth, all he could think about was how to make money and how to change the fate of himself, his parents, and his friends. As for love, he didn't think much about it. Su Yingxue was his unreachable dream when he was young. Now it seemed that his feelings for her were more of a long-entwined feeling.

As for whether he would have the chance to fall in love with the girl of his dreams, Li Mu felt that this question was no longer important.

Zhao Kang left. Li Mu was waiting for Su Yingxue's call when Chen Wan called him.

"Hey, bad boy, have you almost forgotten about me?"

Chen Wan's tone was a little angry. Li Mu could even imagine her pouting face on the other end of the phone. It must be extremely cute.

If Chen Wan knew that an 18-year-old boy had always treated her as the cutest woman he had ever seen, how would she feel?

"How would I dare!" Li Mu, who was still imagining, hurriedly expressed his attitude.

"Then why did you ignore me for a few days when I talked to you on QQ?

You're a guy who fiddles with the computer all day long. Don't tell me you haven't been on QQ for the past two days! "Chen Wan's tone was a little coquettish.

Li Mu had to explain, "Sister, it was already very late when I saw it. I thought you were definitely not online. I was busy at that time, so I didn't reply. I forgot about it later. It's my fault. I'll definitely correct it in the future."

Li Mu's positive attitude of admitting his mistake and taking the initiative to correct it made Chen Wan's dissatisfaction. She couldn't help saying, "That's more like it.

In fact, Li Mu felt a little guilty. Actually, he was his sister's intern in Shanghai. He didn't care about his sister's life there.

"Sister, how does it feel in Shanghai?" Chen asked. Li Li Mu of.

"You still know how to care about me."

Chen Wan's tone was not teasing, but a little surprised. "I've been in Shanghai for a few years. My life is fine, but it's my first time working. It's not easy being an intern either. I have to run around with the director all day long."

Li Mu asked curiously, "You're with the director?

What program are you working for? "

"Local news. My position is an intern assistant to the director."

"Okay. Is it tiring?"

"It's quite tiring."

Chen Wan sighed. "I have to run around every day, and the timings are completely unpredictable. There's often breaking news, and I have to go out with a word from the director."

Li Mu sighed. "If it's too tiring, don't do it. Anyway, your goal is to be a host. You don't plan to go to Shanghai Satellite TV. This one-month internship as an assistant to the director won't be of much help on your resume in the future."

"You're the smartest. You can see through everything."

Chen Wan giggled. "Although it's not very useful and it's a little tiring, I'm still very interested. Besides, my dad's friend has good intentions. If I can't even endure this little hardship, wouldn't I be a laughing stock?"

"If you think it's useful, that's good. But don't work too hard. Your health is more important."

"Okay, I've received your concern!"

Chen Wan laughed a few times. Then, she revealed the real purpose of this call. "My brother and the others are going to participate in the semi-finals tomorrow night. I'm going back to Jinling to cheer for them. Do you want to go with me?"

"I can't go."

Li Mu's tone was a little helpless. "There are too many things to do recently. Just tomorrow's matters are going to make me die."

Li Mu finished speaking and asked again, "Aren't you especially busy?

How can you leave? "

Chen Wan said, "I talked to the director today. I'll take half a day off tomorrow afternoon. I'll take the afternoon train to Jinling. After watching their competition, I'll take the night train back …"

"That's really troublesome!"

"I don't want to miss their crucial competition. Besides, they're singing the songs you wrote!"

Speaking of this topic, Chen Wan said with some excitement, "Do you know? I put your two songs' Zebra Zebra 'and' When You're Old 'on my MP3 player. I listen to them every day when I have time. After my colleagues heard them, they all said they were very good. They even asked me for a copy. I told them that these two songs are unpublished works and can't be copied. That's why I rejected them."

Li Mu laughed. "If they really want it, you can make a copy for them. Anyway, you're just recording it for fun. Just don't reveal the information of the original singer."

"That won't do!" Chen Wan immediately said, "Aren't you making your own music website?

If such a good song is copied and leaked to other websites, it'll be a big loss! "

Li Mu's eyes lit up. He praised, "I didn't think of this. Sister Wan, you're really amazing!"

Li Mu really didn't think of this.

He had always wanted to take advantage of the competition of 'Simple Plan' and use a few good songs to make them popular. Of course, it wouldn't count as Li Mu doing it himself. He didn't have that much power. It could only be said that he was creating momentum and letting the public support them.

After making 'Simple Plan' popular, Li Mu's plan was to record all the competition songs in the 'Simple Plan' into the recording studio. Then, he would use the Internet Water Army to publicize "Easy Listening." Then, he would release these songs one by one on Easy Listening and make them available for download.

In this way, Easy Listening could also use the limelight of 'Simple Plan' to accumulate some users.

However, the two songs that he recorded were actually excellent. If they were put on the Internet, they would definitely have a relatively good market. In that case, could he make "himself" popular?

Li Mu didn't want to make himself a star. He wanted to create a virtual singer on the Easy Listening website in the future. He wanted to use a fake name to release some good music works. In this way, a mysterious singer with a certain number of good songs, through the Internet Water Army and the platform's momentum, would definitely be able to attract the attention of a certain number of users.

Moreover, this kind of secret was very easy to keep. Even Kong Lingyu, who was in charge of the development of Easy Listening, wouldn't know about it. Other than himself, only the four people of 'Simple Plan' and Chen Wan knew about it.

Almost instantly, Li Mu made a decision. Do it!

In his previous life, he liked to browse Douban, Baidu, and Zhihu. He used a unified nickname, Mu Zi. The character "Li" was split into "Mu Zi," but there were too many people named Mu Zi. Li Mu took the "Mu" character from his name, so there was "Mu Zi."

After Easy Listening went online, he could use the name "Mu Zi" to release some classic songs that hadn't been released yet. Just like 'Simple Plan', he would release a song on Easy Listening every once in a while. This mode of releasing songs in a serial format could increase the stickiness of users. Moreover, Easy Listening was originally a free platform. Therefore, it didn't matter even if other demo websites followed his or 'Simple Plan's' songs, because their timeliness would always be slower than Easy Listening.

The more Li Mu thought about it, the more reliable he felt. This two-pronged plan was very feasible after careful consideration.

"Hey, bad boy, why are you ignoring me!"

The sudden reprimand made Li Mu react instantly. He hurriedly said, "What's wrong, Sis? I was thinking about something."

"Are you really not coming tomorrow?"

"I really can't go."

Li Mu sighed. "I still have to send my parents to the station tomorrow evening. It'll be past six o 'clock by then. How can I go there!"

"Okay …" Chen Wan's tone was full of disappointment.

Li Mu said, "Help me cheer for them, especially tell Kesuan that there's no problem with my song, his face and voice are also fine, and the performance of the other members of the band is also fine. If they still can't win the semi-finals, I won't write songs for them in the future."

"Okay, I got it."

Chen Wan's tone was still a little depressed. She stammered and said, "Then I'll talk to you later. I still have things to do."

"Okay, you go." Before Li Mu hung up, he reminded again, "Take care of yourself."

"Okay … Bye."

Putting away the phone, Li Mu inexplicably felt a little disappointed. To be honest, he didn't really want to go to the simple performance. Because even if they sang the two songs well, in Li Mu's heart, there was still a gap between them and the original singer. As for the encouragement, once was enough.

However, it was one thing not to go to the performance, but Li Mu really wanted to see Chen Wan.

The chances of the two meeting would become less and less in the future. When he went to Yanjing, they would be even further apart.

Although Li Mu also casually said that it was only two hours by plane from Yan Jing to Shanghai, he was clear that if they were really separated from each other, even if it only took more than two hours by plane, it would be difficult for them to spare time to fly more than a thousand kilometers just to meet each other.

Before his rebirth, he also had some friends who became more and more distant as time went by. Once they started to work, once they started to drift in a foreign land, and once they were tired of living, even if they were in the same city, just the distance from one district to another would become a huge barrier for the continuation of friendship, let alone the distance between Yanjing and Shanghai.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt melancholy.

In less than half a minute, his phone received a text message. "I'm going out now, where are you?

I'll take a taxi to pick you up. "

It was Su Yingxue.