Chapter 1653

Li Mu had been working hard in the domestic internet industry for more than ten years. He was very familiar with the style of every big company and platform.

Needless to say, not to mention the products and resources of their own platform, even the farts of their own platform were good. They could not be casually released for others to smell. If they wanted to smell it, they would have to pay first.

On the other hand, Weibo had built its own platform into an ecosystem. It said that it was completely open, but it had never really opened it. It only opened it to companies or individuals under its pyramid. Although it said that it supported this, that, and small and micro businesses all over the world, in fact, the core business model was to support these people. At the same time, it tied them tightly to its own ecosystem, so that they could not get rid of its control and steadily contribute to its own profits. This could be seen from Weibo's advertising bidding system. Under normal circumstances, if a shop owner could earn a net profit of one million yuan a year, then the cost of bidding advertising would most likely not be less than that amount. In other words, Weibo would earn the same amount or even more.

Weibo would basically not publicize its openness everywhere because it was the company with the most traffic resources in this industry. Its situation was different from Weibo. Weibo's own traffic resources had always been inferior to Weibo's. When they said that their platform was open, it was like a cloth seller shouting the slogan of opening the warehouse to the grain seller. It was more or less a little sneaky.

Take WeChat for example. The 80% open platform allowed companies and users within the 80% range to use the open resources of the WeChat ecosystem at will. For example, all individuals and companies could operate their own official accounts for free, write their own promotional scripts, carry out self-dissemination, manage fans, and even cash in on fans. These were all within the scope of WeChat's openness. WeChat would basically not interfere, much less ask for a share of the profits. However, the remaining 20% was a buffer zone that WeChat had given itself. It could also be understood as a room for advancement and retreat.

If the other party happened to be within the 20% range, WeChat would control it for its own safety or interests. For example, if the other party's product was suspected of being illegal, WeChat would block it. Another example was if the other party was a big competitor. Naturally, WeChat would not give the other party a chance to use its strength to fight against its strength. The most direct manifestation was that WeChat did not allow direct sharing and use of Weibo's links. This was to prevent the other party from using its strength to fight against its strength.

Compared to these three companies, Li Mu preferred WeChat's relatively gentlemanly ecological setting.

To a certain extent, a completely closed strategy was naturally the most primitive, the least long-lasting, and the one with no room for development.

The so-called full openness, strong support, and helping the world were, to put it bluntly, relatively hypocritical.

Li Mu did not believe that a listed company that prioritized profits and was responsible to all investors, shareholders, and shareholders would not talk about profits but talk about "support", "openness", and "help".

Instead of talking about making money, companies talk about helping others. This is a paradox in itself. You talk about helping others do business every day, but in the end, others are still struggling on the line of life and death, and you have a market value of hundreds of billions of USD. Let's not talk about whether this is right or wrong. Isn't this a bit too dark?

Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, if you're making money, then you should be honest about it. Don't say that you're not interested in money and that everything you do is to help others.

Therefore, Li Mu was willing to make his Weibo, Titter, into a semi-open ecosystem like WeChat, or a mostly open ecosystem. I can take out most of my resources for other individuals and companies to use for free, but these companies must fully abide by my rules if they want to profit from my territory.

If they violate my rules, I'm sorry, I'll immediately cut off their water, electricity, food, and air, and they'll scram as far as they can.

If they don't violate my rules, but touch my core interests, I'm sorry, they'll have to scram, and they'll even have to endure my full attack.

At the end of the day, I want these companies and individuals to have a limit. I can set up a porridge stall and let everyone eat a mouthful of hot porridge for free, but if anyone still thinks about my food and wants to steal my house while eating, then that person doesn't know how to appreciate my kindness. If I let someone who doesn't know how to appreciate my kindness continue to stay at home and eat for free, then that person is not being open, not being kind, but being stupid.

After setting this general tone, Li Mu had basically figured out how open the ecosystem of his entire industry would be in the future. Most of it would be open, and a small portion would be closed, coupled with flexible and effective regulation on a large scale.

Li Mu hoped that his team could have a deeper understanding of the core points of his ecological rules. However, there weren't any companies with distinctive personalities like XX, XX, or XX in the market that could be used as an analogy. So, he thought about it and changed his train of thought. He said to everyone,

He said to everyone, "Our ecosystem's open strategy is relatively simple for ordinary users. As long as the users follow our rules, then we'll give them enough freedom. However, for the parts of the industry, there should be a set of systematic evaluation criteria, just like the American government's arms sales.

"In principle, most of the weapons in the United States can be sold to other countries. Only a small number of high-precision weapons are not sold to any other countries. Therefore, we'll treat all the weapons that the United States can sell to other countries as part of our ecosystem that can be opened. What I want to emphasize here is that the weapons we can sell to other countries are not available to all countries. We need to develop different arms sales strategies for different countries.

"For example, if we were the American government, then out of consideration, we definitely wouldn't sell arms to Hua Xia or Russia because they are our direct competitors. We'll open our arms to Britain, France, Japan, South Korea, and India because we need to support and nurture them to fight against our enemies. As for the remaining countries, we'll have to change the menu according to their needs. If Iran is disobedient, we'll sell arms to its enemies. If Saudi Arabia has oil, we'll exchange arms with them. As for the third world countries, we'll give them freedom and even give them arms aid. The rest will be left to nature."

…

Just as Li Mu finished developing the ecosystem's open strategy, he felt as if he had missed out on the entire world's Mars and started to stir up trouble.

They really couldn't accept their mistake of missing the auction opportunity last time. Especially after seeing the huge profits that Desire had, they regretted it even more.

Before this, they thought that the high premium of 26 million US dollars would be a bomb. They deliberately let Desire take the bomb and blow himself up. However, they didn't expect that not only was there no premium at all for 26 million US dollars, but it was also a huge bargain. Desire bought a high-performance car with the price of a bicycle.

Mars, who was unwilling to give up, suddenly had an idea. They wanted to use this opportunity to create hype. At least, they could get a share of Desire's huge profits.

Therefore, Mars spent a lot of money to hire a large number of media outlets to write reports on their official Weibo, Titter. The content of the report was so-called "Revealing the N Insider Details of Li Gouzi's Weibo Promotion Resources Auction."

In this report, all the media outlets only chose two out of the ten companies that participated in the auction to report. One was Desire, which was the final successful bidder, and the other was Mars, which failed in the final bid.

At the beginning of the auction, the names of the ten companies were hidden, so when the audience watched the bidding, no one knew who made the bid. Only when the auction was over did the official Weibo Weibo announce that the successful bidder was Desire. As for who the other nine companies were, the official Weibo Weibo didn't say anything.

Now, these media outlets had come out one after another to stir things up. They deliberately mentioned Mars' name and introduced Mars. They even claimed in special reports that Mars, one of the world's top 500 companies, was determined to win the auction. However, at the critical moment, there was a problem with their bidding system, so they were unable to give a higher price than Desire in time. That was why Desire beat them to it and won the auction.

As soon as these reports came out, they were reposted on Weibo's Titter. Soon, they were on Weibo's Titter's hot list and trending list. This was almost the first time that Weibo's Titter had manipulated the rankings.

Such a report gave Mars a very good opportunity to showcase itself. At the same time, they pushed the blame for missing out on the auction onto Weibo and Titter platforms. They played the role of a victim who had suffered a loss and gained a lot of attention in an instant. To Mars, they wanted to use such a method to fight for exposure. They even felt that if they handled it well, they might be able to achieve better publicity at a lower cost.

The incident happened in the early morning of Beijing time. After Li Mu received a report from the company's person-in-charge, he was furious about the incident. He immediately instructed Kong Lingyu, "Immediately ban Mars from all aspects on Weibo's Titter platform."

Immediately after, Weibo's Titter official strongly intervened. The first thing they did was to block Mars Group from the entire Titter platform. After that, they vigorously bombarded Mars' publicity front. The specific methods were as follows:

First, quickly remove all related rankings, trending searches, and trending topics. No content related to Mars was allowed to appear on them.

Second, Mars' corporate name and Mars' product names were all sensitive terms on Weibo's Titter platform. Any Weibo's Titter that contained these sensitive terms could only be seen by the person who posted it. It could not be disseminated to the public in any way.

Third, Mars' official Weibo was banned. Weibo's Titter official privately requested Mars to apologize for their malicious marketing within 24 hours. Otherwise, their official account would be banned for up to a year. They would also be forced to delete all their fans and make them disappear from the fans' follow lists.

Fourth, the technical team conducted a technical selection of all news reports that contained Mars in the past 24 hours in the database. All Weibo's Titter accounts that participated in this malicious marketing, be it an individual or an enterprise, were all banned. They were ordered to post a sincere letter of apology through the official mailbox. Only then would they have the chance to apply to be unbanned!