Chapter 583

After Liu Xiaodong returned, Li Mu immediately pulled him into the office to discuss and analyze the situation.

Liu Xiaodong was furious about today's encounter. After all, he had been tricked by Boss Ma. He had long predicted that Taobao would seek a breakthrough in the logistics link, so he had long set up this chess piece and waited for him.

However, despite his anger, his professionalism was not just for show. As soon as he returned, he discussed with Li Mu and systematically explained his analysis of the current situation to Li Mu.

Liu Xiaodong had a very accurate view of the current situation. Like Li Mu, he was not worried that Ali would use logistics to choke Taobao, but that Ali would use logistics to slow down Taobao's development. Then, it would develop its own C2C e-commerce business. It was like having a tire punctured by an opponent on a racing track. Although the opponent's overall strength and technical indicators were far inferior to yours, he had already overtaken you in the time it took for you to change the tire.

The two exchanged opinions and found that their views were similar. Liu Xiaodong reflected on himself and said, "This matter is my dereliction of duty. I did not pay attention to Ali's actions."

Li Mu nodded. "If we are talking about dereliction of duty, you definitely have some responsibility. You did not consider the problem comprehensively enough and did not pay attention to the trends of the end industry. Not only you, but I am also responsible. If I had agreed to your idea of building your own logistics earlier, perhaps we would have taken over Home Express, Shentong, and Yuantong first instead of Ali. However, saying this now can only remind us to pay attention in the future and not solve the current problem. So, we still have to think about how to get through the current crisis and how to solve the problem once and for all."

Liu Xiaodong asked Li Mu, "Do you think it's feasible to take over SF Express now?

SF Express's network in the southern developed areas is already relatively complete. If we take over SF Express, then buy a few fleets from the north that do bulk logistics and transportation, we should still be able to solve some of the problems. "

Li Mu said, "It's impossible that Ali did not think of SF Express, but they did not take over SF Express. I think it should be because SF Express did not buy it."

"Really?"

Liu Yidong asked. Then, he thought for a moment and said, "I have a rough understanding of SF Express's situation. The boss, Wang Wei, is a very ambitious person. SF Express's previous websites were mostly franchises. Now, he is busy gathering them back and wants to make all of them into direct stores. I think he is a very ambitious person."

Li Mu nodded. "Ambitious people won't be willing to be acquired."

Liu Yidong asked, "What about mergers and acquisitions?"

Li Mu smiled faintly and didn't comment on Liu Yidong's question. He only smiled and said, "Don't forget, I'm also an ambitious person."

Liu Yidong immediately understood.

Li Mu was also an ambitious person. He would definitely be reluctant to sacrifice his shares to acquire other companies. For Li Mu, if he could solve problems with money, he would try to use shares as little as possible. Otherwise, his Makino Technology would not have delayed the third round of financing or the plan to go public.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "Actually, think about it. Even if we want to acquire SF Express now, with Taobao's current valuation, what do we use to acquire it?

We have only been established for a few months. Although the situation is good, the profit model is not clear yet. The capital market will not give us too high a valuation. SF Express is now fighting for power internally. Wang Wei is about to succeed. Once he achieves his goal, SF Express's valuation should not be lower than that of Home Express. If we use Taobao's shares to acquire SF Express, would he be happy? "

Liu Yidong nodded slightly. Taobao's valuation was indeed not much. If he wanted to acquire SF Express, it was impossible to use Taobao to initiate the acquisition. It was possible to use Makino Technology to initiate the acquisition, but Li Mu would definitely not be happy. Makino Technology was now equivalent to a rocket that had been fully charged with fuel. Li Mu was trying his best not to let it ignite and take off. If Li Mu used Makino Technology to acquire SF Express, he would definitely not be happy.

Li Mu understood Wang Wei's situation. The possibility of acquiring him at this time was extremely low. Moreover, Wang Wei also had e-commerce genes in his bones. He had refused to meet Boss Ma several times, mainly because he had long been determined to do e-commerce. Therefore, he was not prepared to have any level of cooperation with Ali. However, when SF Express started doing e-commerce, the e-commerce industry was already very mature. Wang Wei could not stand out in the chaotic e-commerce field that was full of giants. However, if he activated his e-commerce genes now, he might become a god in advance.

Moreover, since Boss Ma could not acquire SF Express, what could he do with Wang Wei?

Wang Wei would not refuse to earn money, so it was impossible for him to collude with Boss Ma to block Taobao. That way, he would not get any benefits. Therefore, Wang Wei would not participate in the battle between him and Boss Ma. Instead, he would sit back and reap the benefits. No matter who fought with whom, whoever won, they would always have to deliver the goods. SF Express would not interfere and would just silently make a fortune.

Li Mu expressed his thoughts, and Liu Yidong also expressed his agreement.

Then, Li Mu took out a cigarette and threw one to Liu Yidong. He lit one himself and took a puff before saying, "I think the first thing we need to think about now is not whether we should acquire SF Express or how to do our own logistics, but how much time we have left."

As he said that, Li Mu stood up and walked to the whiteboard. He pointed to the simple schematics of the six major cities he had drawn before and said, "Look, we just solved the problem of Mango-ME's centralized delivery by distributing the goods. In the future, we can use this model to cooperate with all the brand manufacturers. Let them distribute their inventory to us, and we will deliver the goods for them. This part should not be difficult. If six cities are not enough, then we will distribute to all the provincial capitals. This will solve this part of the problem.

What I'm most worried about now is Taobao's small and medium-sized sellers. They are all over the country, and they are operating with low or zero cost. We can't let them hand over the goods to us in advance. If we do that, they will have to focus on their assets. This is contrary to Taobao's original intention. That's why they need to find express delivery companies to cooperate with them.

"If small and medium-sized sellers can only choose the postal service, as the demand for this part soars, the postal service's EMS capacity will gradually be saturated. The transportation efficiency will be low, and the entire transaction cycle and capital return efficiency will be greatly extended by express delivery." If Ali does the same thing at this time, and Ali's seller's logistics efficiency is faster, the entire transaction process and efficiency will be much higher than ours, in that case, both users and sellers will give up on Taobao.

"So, the problem now is very simple. How long until the EMS saturation?

We must first figure out how long it will take, and then find a solution according to the specific time. "

Liu Yidong thought about it carefully and said, "If it doesn't affect the development speed of our Taobao, I think the EMS capacity will be saturated in half a year at most, especially in the southern Pearl River Delta and the Jiangsu and Zhejiang areas. This is because the current data shows that most of our sellers are concentrated in those areas."

Li Mu nodded. "Okay, if the situation can still hold on for half a year, then let's not panic now. Let's start making a half-year plan to solve the problem after half a year. There's no other solution right now. The only solution is to build our own logistics, so let's start discussing building our own logistics. Logistics needs to be done. How can we do it in half a year?"

Liu Yidong said, "If we start building our own logistics system now, I'm afraid we won't be able to do it in half a year. As you said, logistics is a heavy asset project, and we can't find a way to develop it quickly. We have to buy cars one by one, hire people one by one, and open outlets one by one. Half a year is too short."

Li Mu said, "It's very short, but it's not impossible."

As he said that, Li Mu cleared his throat and said seriously, "Let's set up our own logistics company immediately. You invest 10%, and I'll invest 90%. We'll start with 80 million to 100 million. If you don't have money on hand, it doesn't matter. I'll pay for you first."

Liu Yidong nodded. He couldn't afford such a heavy capital. It was already very thoughtful of Li Mu to be willing to pay for him.

At this time, Li Mu said, "Registering an independent company will be more flexible in the future. If we want to acquire SF Express in the future, we can directly take the shares of the logistics company and talk to Wang Wei. We don't need to touch Taobao's shares at all."

Liu Yidong saw that Li Mu was so confident that he even thought of using the new shell of the logistics company to acquire SF Express in the future. He immediately nodded and said, "Then let's do as you say."

Li Mu used his brain and said, "I'll go through a few points first. If there's any objection, you can interrupt me."

"First, start to register the logistics company and start to poach people. Although Home Express, Shentong, and Yuantong have been acquired, other than fixed assets, all their employees are still alive. Do everything possible to poach their senior management. It's best if we can poach one of them to form a team and a region's resources. In this case, we only need to invest in them to buy cars and build a network, and we can quickly build a region's network. Don't forget SF Express. Now that the war is imminent, poach all who can be poached.

Second, strengthen the cooperation with the postal service, strive to become the postal service's strategic partner, and squeeze the postal service's transport capacity to the extreme.

Thirdly, we need to build a logistics base that integrates the functions of warehousing, sorting, packing, and loading. We need to make use of the convenience of air, rail, and land transportation. In the first phase, we need to build five to eight logistics bases across the country. These logistics bases must realize air transportation. The future development core of our express delivery will depend on air transportation.

Fourth, immediately find connections and first get the cargo space resources of the major airlines' main trunk lines. This resource is the most important thing for our future counterattack.

Fifth, find a bank connection to get a loan. In the future, all the fixed assets of the logistics company will be mortgaged to the bank. Use the highest leverage as much as possible to speed up the flow of funds and hardware expansion.

Sixth, find Fang Xudong and let him pick people from Makino Technology. He will integrate the mature hardware on the market and develop a complete set of internal logistics management system for me. Also, open the inquiry port to the outside world. Our express delivery company must achieve a full information operation. Every logistics node in the middle must be entered into the system for users to track and inquire in real time. I want to make a set of the most powerful information system in the logistics industry and even in all the industries in China! "

After Liu Xiaodong heard these six points, a grand logistics blueprint had already appeared in his mind.

Seeing that he did not raise any objections, Li Mu said, "Didn't they buy other express delivery companies? Okay, we are not interested in those messy, inextricable second-hand hard assets. We are only interested in their soft assets. Therefore, we will not buy any logistics company for now. We will use all means possible and desperately poach their people and resources. We must poach them to death!

Don't be lenient even if we have to dig out their entire framework!

Then, quickly build a basic framework, and then integrate the logistics base, air cargo resources, and information management system. In this way, our future logistics model will be very clear. "

The more Li Mu spoke, the more excited he became. As he drew on the whiteboard, he said, "The entire third echelon of Hua Xia is the most economically developed area, and it is also our top priority in the future. Look at the map, the entire third echelon of Hua Xia spans less than 3,000 kilometers from north to south, and at most 1,000 kilometers from east to west. Based on the current speed of land transportation, if we prepare four logistics bases in this large area, the largest diameter of each base will not exceed 800 kilometers. If we build them at the middle point, then the area covered by each logistics base will not exceed 400 kilometers in a straight line. In this case, we can ensure that no matter which point we depart from, the time to reach the logistics base by car will not exceed eight hours, or even less, and vice versa."

"Let's hand over the point-to-point transportation of the logistics base to the automobile, and the point-to-point transportation between the logistics bases to the airlines. Think about it, in the entire third echelon of Hua Xia, the flight time from one city to another will not exceed four hours. What does this mean? This means that the maximum transportation time in the future will be 8 + 4 + 8, which is 20 hours. Including the waiting, sorting, packing, and processing in the middle, 40 hours should be enough to solve the problem, right?

If we include the final delivery, 48 hours should be enough to solve the problem. "

At this point, Li Mu's gloominess had been swept away, and there was even a hint of excitement in his voice as he continued, "For example, the logistics base in Guangdong Province is near Yang Cheng Airport, covering the entire province. Any express mail received by any city in Guangdong Province by six o 'clock in the afternoon must arrive at the logistics base in Yang Cheng before two o' clock in the morning. Then, the sorting will be completed before dawn, and the express mail sent to the various logistics bases will be packed and packaged. The express mail sent to a city in Ji Province will be sent to the earliest flight from Yang Cheng to Beijing on the same day, and will be loaded into the cargo hold of that flight and sent to Beijing.

"At around nine o 'clock in the morning, the plane will land in Beijing. Perhaps even before all the passengers have disembarked, the packed goods will have already been taken out of the cargo hold and sent to the nearby logistics base for unpacking and sorting. All the express mail from Beijing will be sent to the city by 12 o' clock in the afternoon, and the express mail from the surrounding cities will also be sent by 12 o 'clock in the afternoon. This way, a large portion of the express mail from the main route cities will be able to arrive by air the next day, and the express mail from the main route cities will also be able to arrive by the next day. If we can achieve this, not only will we be able to solve our current problems, we will also be able to usher in a new era of logistics!"