Chapter 1208

As soon as Lawrence collected all the evidence that could be left behind, James Keane had already called his father, Paul Keane.

3321 was originally the best springboard that the Keane family had prepared for James Keane. Lawrence's sudden revolt had brought great shock and great dissatisfaction to the entire Keane family.

Originally, the Keane family had planned to use their own methods to get Lawrence out of Harvard after the 3321 US website went online. But now it seemed that this plan had to be brought forward.

However, James Keane had another worry.

He felt that Lawrence had never dared to make trouble with him before. Today, he suddenly fell out with him. This must have a lot to do with Li Mu coming to Harvard. Although Lawrence himself didn't mention a word about Li Mu, James Keane was sure that a large part of it must be because of Li Mu.

So, James Keane proposed to his father, "We can't just let Lawrence go. The power of this project is ultimately in the hands of Li Mu. Whether I can participate in it and get a key position in it, it still needs Li Mu's approval."

Paul Keane also realized this and immediately said, "Don't worry, I'll let Lawrence go first. Then I'll negotiate with Li Mu. I have a way to let him hand over the power of 3321 US website to you."

For Paul Keane, he had a different kind of detachment and self-confidence in his heart. He always felt that with the Keane family's influence in America, everyone had to give some face to them. In his subconscious, the halo of the Keane family was extremely strong, so strong that the halo itself could be used as a kind of charity.

Paul Keane and other members of the Keane family all had a very profound experience. That was, in most cases, when the Keane family asked for help, the other party would not only do their best to help, but also had to be humble in front of the Keane family. It was as if helping the Keane family to do something was their greatest honor.

Moreover, the Keane family adhered to the nature of profiteers. In their eyes, there was never the concept of repaying favors. On the contrary, they treated favors as a kind of resource. Everyone thought that helping the Keane family would certainly receive generous rewards in other aspects in the future. But only the Keane family themselves knew that they never repaid favors.

Paul Keane wanted to use the Keane family's influence to make a deal with Li Mu. He felt that as long as he threw out the Keane family's identity and hinted to Li Mu that the Keane family could help him and his career in all aspects in the future, then Li Mu would definitely agree. After Lawrence left, it shouldn't be a problem for him to find Li Mu to make his son the head of 3321 US website.

James Keane wasn't as optimistic as his father because he had always regarded Li Mu as his biggest enemy and competitor. So he faintly felt that Li Mu was an extremely difficult person to deal with. So he subconsciously asked, "Dad, do you have any way to deal with Li Mu?"

Paul Keane snorted disdainfully and said, "It's just a damned Hua Xia kid. Although he is very famous and has made some progress in America, his foundation in America is still very shaky. Now he must be looking for a good opportunity to make his foundation more stable. So at this time, as long as I show him a little bit of political resources, he will immediately wag his tail and stick to me."

James Keane couldn't believe it and said, "Dad, this Li Mu shouldn't be as easy to deal with as you think …"

Paul Keane laughed and said contemptuously, "My judgment of people has always been very accurate. Don't think that Li Mu is usually high-profile and calm, as if he is impeccable. In fact, the more such a person is, the more insecure he is. He is very strong in all aspects now, but he doesn't have any relationship with the American government. As long as the conditions I offer can hit the core of his heart, he will definitely be used by me!"

…

In the internal dining hall of Harvard University, Li Mu met Mark Zuckerberg, who was still shy.

Mark Zuckerberg was brought into the dining hall and then all the way to Li Mu. The excitement in his heart was overflowing.

Li Mu greeted him like an old friend and said, "Hey-Mark, Long-time-no-see, how's it going?"

"Hey, Mark, long time no see. How have you been?"

Mark Zuckerberg scratched his head shyly and said, "Thank you for asking. I've been fine recently. I've been thinking about new product models, and now I have some ideas."

As soon as Li Mu heard that he had some ideas for a new product, he immediately asked him curiously, "Oh?

What's the good idea? Tell me. "

Mark Zuckerberg was even more embarrassed. He smiled slightly nervously and said, "This is just a simple idea. I haven't sorted out the specific details."

Li Mu laughed and waved his hand. "Don't be so nervous. Tell me a few words about it. Don't forget that I promised to invest five million dollars in you."

Mark Zuckerberg nodded, organized his words, and explained, "Some time ago, I happened to see a book called 'Face Books' …"

As soon as he heard this, Li Mu's heart skipped a beat!

Face

-Books？

The name was almost the same as Facebook, except that one was a plural form, and the other was a singular form.

As for Facebook, Li Mu was all too familiar with it. This word was like thunder in Li Mu's ears!

This was a super behemoth product that was expected to have a market value of four to five hundred billion dollars in the future!

The excited Li Mu desperately suppressed his emotions and continued to listen to Mark Zuckerberg's introduction.

Mark Zuckerberg was seriously explaining to Li Mu at this moment, "I was inspired by Face Books.

I want to make a platform for college students to show themselves and interact with each other. It's best to use Facebook as the name. "

At this point, Mark Zuckerberg explained, "But I don't have a very complete idea yet, so I need some time to slowly think about it."

Hearing this, Li Mu, who was almost about to scream, deliberately pretended to be calm and asked Mark Zuckerberg, "This project overlaps with my YY. First of all, a self-presentation page can be done in the YY space, and interactive communication is the core function of YY. With the existence of YY, do you think your idea is easy to do?"

In fact, Li Mu had thought about this problem a long time ago.

Facebook was indeed awesome in the world of his previous life, but at that time, there were no similar competitors in the United States or even the entire Western world. Facebook was equivalent to creating a new model and developing it step by step.

To put it bluntly, Facebook's initial product positioning was an open personal space. It was a page product, and it was based on the more customized development of the blog product. The original intention of Facebook was actually a "photo collection", and the core positioning of Facebook in the beginning was actually to rely on the creativity of electronic photo collections to promote online social in colleges and universities.

However, the current YY space already had all the functions of Facebook in its early and even middle stages. The only awkward thing was that Li Mu knew very well that whether it was YY space or QQ space, they were worlds apart from Facebook that covered the world.

Personally, Li Mu could not figure out the root cause of Facebook's success. In this era, perhaps only Mark Zuckerberg could understand this.

Faced with Li Mu's question, Mark Zuckerberg suddenly fell into deep thought.

Li Mu was right. His immature idea for Facebook, in terms of product functions, was completely defeated by YY space. He did not know how to answer Li Mu's question.

Li Mu comforted him at this time, "Don't worry, eat first, we'll talk about it in private after dinner."

…

Li Mu's question caused Mark Zuckerberg to be in a daze for the entire afternoon.

He ate the entire meal absent-mindedly, his mind repeatedly thinking about his idea for Facebook. He studied the difference between this thing and YY space, or in other words, how it could be played differently.

After dinner, Li Mu asked Xie Huairu for a lounge, sat across from Mark Zuckerberg, and waited for Mark Zuckerberg's answer.

Mark Zuckerberg frowned, it looked like he was in a very difficult situation. Li Mu did not interrupt him, he just sat across from him and waited quietly.

After a long time.

Mark Zuckerberg suddenly raised his head and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I just thought about it carefully. The more popular blog itself is mainly about uploading text, and Facebook itself is mainly about uploading photos. YY space is mainly about combining the two.

In comparison, the content of a blog is relatively difficult to produce, because not everyone can calm down to write a blog. Among ten thousand daily blog users, I'm afraid there are less than a hundred people who can persist in writing a blog article every day. However, photos are relatively easy to produce. Now that digital cameras are relatively common, the threshold for users to create photo content is much lower than blog articles. "

Hearing this, Li Mu nodded in agreement, "That's right, continue."

Mark Zuckerberg said again, "In fact, whether it's displaying text or photos on the Internet, it's actually the user's desire to show off and show off. I wrote a brilliant article, I don't want only me to see it, I want more people to see it, so I posted it on my blog, hoping to get more recognition and praise.

"I have a very nice personal photo, or maybe I went to a beautiful place. I also hope to post the photo online, so that more people can see it, and at the same time, I can get recognition and praise."

At this point, Mark Zuckerberg paused, then said, "Although YY space can now upload photos and publish personal blogs, its positioning is too broad. It faces all YY users around the world. However, among the huge user base of YY, there are very few people who have the ability to digitize photos. Such users either have their own digital cameras or can digitize photos through other means. Therefore, in the face of the huge user base of YY, the proportion of social media using photos is very low, so it's difficult to cultivate the social media atmosphere and behavior habits."

Then, Mark Zuckerberg changed the topic and said, "I position Facebook as a social media platform for college students. College students themselves have a strong sense of superiority. If they are allowed to play YY space like everyone else, it will be difficult to motivate them. However, if they are given a social media platform specifically for college students to engage in social media, their enthusiasm will definitely be greatly increased."

"Moreover, college students generally have the equipment and ability to digitize photos, so they are more suitable for such a social media platform."

"In addition, I feel that in this kind of personal homepage, you can also add your own relationship status, your own hobbies in music, books, and movies, and even your own courses in school. Users can display these information according to their own needs. This not only highlights the positioning of this platform for college students, but also increases the affinity of college students for it. At the same time, it can increase the desire of college students to make friends with each other. The final goal is to make all college students highly attached to this platform, and at the same time, treat it as the most important social platform in college life."