Chapter 448

On the night that YY went online, Chen Hui, who had taken the overnight bus from Shenzhen to Yanjing alone, had already arrived a few days ago.

These days, he had always wanted to find his college girlfriend, Zhang Yao, but after nearly 40 hours of sleeping in the car, his courage had dissipated quite a bit. This unfamiliar city had once again given birth to a heart full of apprehension and lack of confidence.

In the few days that he had been in Yanjing, Chen Hui had been staying in a small hotel in Zhongguancun. During the day, he would stroll around the major office buildings in Zhongguancun and go back to sleep at night. He didn't know what he was thinking or what he wanted to do, but he subconsciously felt that maybe he could meet Zhang Yao in Zhongguancun.

In fact, he didn't know where Zhang Yao worked, and he was too embarrassed to ask Hu Zichen. He just intuitively felt that Chen Yao was a computer science major like him, so the possibility of her working in Zhongguancun was higher. Therefore, on the one hand, he looked forward to meeting her, but on the other hand, he dejectedly wanted to leave the decision to God. If God was willing, maybe he could meet her at some intersection in Zhongguancun.

After strolling in Zhongguancun for a few days, Chen Hui still couldn't meet Zhang Yao as he wished. Among the alumni he knew at Harbin Institute of Technology, there were at least dozens of them working in Yanjing, but he didn't meet any of them these days.

When the weekend came, Chen Hui temporarily gave up going to Zhongguancun. He found an internet cafe and logged into his YY account.

He hadn't logged into his YY account for many days, but what surprised Chen Hui was that from the night he left until now, he had received all the messages in the group chat. There were more than 7,000 messages in total.

Chen Hui really admired this group of people. What was there to talk about? There were more than 7,000 messages in one go!

After sighing, Chen Hui's heart was full of admiration for YY.

Not to mention other things, the YY group had just been created, and it was so active. Logically speaking, when there was a chat in any group, at least half of the people were offline. In other words, User A sent a message in the group chat, and Makino Technology had to push this message to everyone in the group who was online. At the same time, it had to archive all the offline users' data in the server. This was much more difficult than processing offline messages one-on-one. It was simply several times more difficult.

In this way, no one knew how many offline messages Makino Technology handled in a day. This number was estimated to be more than a hundred times that of QQ at its peak. It was simply abnormally powerful.

Chen Hui originally wanted to close the more than 7,000 group chat records, but after a slight hesitation, he moved the mouse from the close option to the message manager.

YY's message manager was now very smart. It could select dates and search chat logs. The first keyword he searched for in the group chat was "Zhang Yao."

Although Zhang Yao wasn't his classmate, he really hoped that Hu Zichen, who worked with her, would mention something about her in the group chat.

After searching, a message with keywords popped up, and it was indeed sent by Hu Zichen. "Aiya, I'm so jealous of Zhang Yao. She got an offer from Makino Technology today. She's a developer with P7 treatment."

Chen Hui's eyes lit up when he saw this message. He quickly clicked on the "View before and after messages" button and immediately pulled up the chat logs before and after this sentence. Chen Hui couldn't help but sigh in his heart. "What's the brain of Makino Technology's product manager? How could he develop so many surprising little functions …"

It turned out that the topic was about everyone discussing their current salary situation in the group. Hu Zichen complained that they could only earn 3,000 yuan a month, and then said that she was jealous of Zhang Yao.

Following that, a large group of people in the group expressed their emotions. Most of them were envious and yearning. Following that, someone asked, "What does Makino Technology's P7 mean?"

Hu Zichen said, "There are two dimensions to the employee ranks in Makino Technology. One is the P sequence, and the other is the M sequence. The P sequence means Professional, which is also a technical position. The M sequence means Management, which is also a management position. Each sequence is from 1 to 10. P7 is already a technical expert with a monthly salary of 13,000 yuan!"

When he saw this, Chen Hui's face was boiling hot. Before he left Teng Xun, his monthly salary was 8,000 yuan. He felt that it was already considered relatively high. Compared to Zhang Yao's annual salary of 150,000 yuan, it was more than half. Now, people who could earn 13,000 yuan a month in Yanjing were simply white-collar workers among white-collar workers.

Looking further down, Hu Zichen said again, "And Makino Technology guarantees a minimum salary of 14 yuan a year!"

"What's 14 yuan?"

"It means getting at least 14 months of salary every year!"

"F * ck …"

Someone asked, "How can she get such a high rank?"

Hu Zichen said, "She has the ability. She led the development of a hospital outpatient registration and consultation procedure in our company. This year, she sold more than 20 sets at 100,000 yuan each."

"Wow!

This year, she sold more than 20 sets before it's even halfway through. How much commission did your company give her? "

Hu Zichen said, "That's the disgusting part. Previously, we agreed to give her 5% of the sales as a reward. Let's calculate it to be more than 100,000 yuan. In the end, that shameless boss of ours went back on his word and said that the original promise was 5% of the net profit. He got the finance department to calculate it. After deducting all kinds of costs, guess how much is the net profit?"

A bunch of people asked, "How much?"

Hu Zichen said, "Only 300,000 yuan!

Even her and her team's shared office space, office computer depreciation, water and electricity costs were calculated. In the end, she only got 6,000 yuan as commission. "

"That's too f * cking ridiculous!" The group was full of curses.

Hu Zichen also said, "Yeah, so she went to Makino Technology for an interview. Once she got the offer, she asked our company to resign. But our company's boss is too shameless. He insisted on holding her back for a month, so she can only report to Makino Technology next month."

When Chen Hui saw this, he suddenly had an idea — apply for Makino Technology!

No matter what, he had to get in before Zhang Yao started working at Makino Technology!

He had a month's time. If he succeeded, he would patiently wait for her at Makino Technology. If he failed …

Chen Hui suddenly lost confidence in his heart.

He had been in the computer industry for a long time. His professional skills were excellent, but his psychological quality was average. In general, he was a contradiction between confidence and conceit. He did not have the confidence to be hired by Makino Technology. But for him, there was no other way. So, he could only submit his resume to the public email of Makino Technology's HR.

…

It was already May. The weather in Yanjing was a bit abnormal. For some reason, it suddenly became 30 degrees.

Echoing the weather, YY continued to be irresistible in the field of instant messaging.

The number of registered users exceeded 100 million, and the highest number of simultaneous users exceeded 7 million, more than double that of QQ at its peak.

On the other hand, the highest number of simultaneous users of QQ had fallen from more than 3 million to below the one million threshold. It was almost 25% of its peak. The income for the whole of April was very ugly. Advertisements were all stopped, and they had to pay a part of the liquidated damages. The income from value-added services was also in a state of shutdown.

Now, for the entire Teng Training, the atmosphere was as tense as during a war. Although many supporting positions were close to being shut down, Boss Ma still did not dare to lay off employees. At this critical moment, he knew that he could not disrupt the morale of the staff.

Recently, the entire technical team of QQ had been working under a high load. This time, the senior executives finally made up their minds to cut ties. Tieba and QQ Fisheries completely stopped technical maintenance and development. Anyway, these two dying products did not have many users, so they might as well concentrate all their technical strength on product development.

The technical team was divided into two large groups. One group fully developed the new version of QQ, and the other group fully developed the QQ gaming hall. Boss Ma's requirements for the new version of QQ were: the UI design and user experience had to be in line with Makino Technology. At the same time, the QQ group and cartoon show functions should be actively promoted as the main direction. As for the QQ hall, he requested that it must be released before mid-June, and it must be matched with at least eight popular chess and card games.

If it was only the development hall, perhaps there would be more time. However, if it was to develop games, it would really be a little unrealistic. However, Boss Ma's requirements did not leave any room for negotiation. He only wanted to urge the team to rush forward because he did not have much time to wait.

After the finance department informed him of the estimated operating costs for May, he did not feel good. The tens of millions on the books would not last long at all, and he could not help but feel anxious.

At present, the company's monthly labor expenditure was about two million, and the office cost was about six hundred thousand. These were only considered small amounts. The company currently managed thousands of servers in the country, and the monthly hosting fees, server space fees, and bandwidth fees were as high as a million yuan. Based on this calculation, the monthly expenditure was in the tens of millions, and the money on the books would not last long at all.

Li Mu had also been thinking about what move Teng Xun was brewing on the product, but he did not expect that he and Boss Ma had already clashed on this matter.

At the beginning of May, Li Mu experienced the current YY gaming hall at the technical center of Makino Technology. According to Li Mu's requirements, the design of the YY gaming hall was also quite high-end. The product logic of the gaming hall did not deviate too much from Lianzhong's. After clicking to log in, they would enter a game selection interface. After choosing a game, they would then select the corresponding room. Once they entered, they would enter the hall interface filled with game tables. Users could quickly match a game here, or they could choose any table to sit down at to participate in the game.

After the characters sat down and clicked "Ready", they entered the waiting phase. If everyone was present and everyone clicked "Ready", the game would automatically start. At this time, a dedicated game window would pop up.