Chapter 110

The northbound train carried Li Mu and Zhao Kang away from Haizhou, where they had lived for nearly 20 years. His parents on the platform had already disappeared from sight. Zhao Kang was still immersed in the melancholy of leaving home, but Li Mu had already adjusted his mentality. He sat on the bench in the sleeper corridor and looked at the rapidly retreating light and shadow outside the window, his mind full of thoughts.

He was already in his thirties and had experienced the sadness of leaving home countless times. Moreover, those times were the real sadness.

It was the sadness of seeing his parents grow old, but he could not stay by their side and could only go on the road to survive alone.

However, what made Li Mu happy was that everything was very different now.

In his previous life, he went to the north after he graduated from college. But in this life, he had brought that time forward by four years. Li Mu did not know what Yan Jing was like in 2001, but he was sure that the current Yan Jing was more full of opportunities than the Yan Jing he was familiar with in 2005.

Therefore, he did not have time to feel sad about leaving home. His mind was full of expectations for Beijing and his future.

The train roared all the way to the north. At eight o 'clock the next morning, it entered the platform of Yan Jing Railway Station on time. Li Mu and Zhao Kang had already finished washing up. Since the train entered Yan Jing half an hour ago, the two of them had been standing in front of the window to enjoy the scenery along the way.

The train entered from the southeasternmost part of Beijing and became more and more prosperous along the way. Finally, it arrived at Beijing Railway Station on the Second Ring Road in the city center.

Out of the train station in the surging crowd, there were countless banners on the spacious square in front of the station. Upon a closer look, they were all banners for welcoming new students from various schools. Zhao Kang wanted to find the banners for his school, but Li Mu directly pulled him to the side of the road to hail a taxi.

These seniors at the railway station would only tell you how to take the bus to school. At most, they would take the initiative to accompany you on the bus, provided that you were a beauty. It was naturally more convenient to count on them than to hail a taxi.

Their schools were not far from each other. In a straight line, the distance was less than two kilometers. The taxi arrived at Zhao Kang's school first. The two agreed to report to their respective schools and familiarize themselves with the environment before finding a time to meet up.

A few minutes later, Li Mu also arrived at Renmin University. Many students who came to register like him stood in front of the gate and stared at the magnificent gate for a long time. Only Li Mu raised his head and saw the words "Renmin University". He knew he came to the right place, so he immediately carried his bag and went in.

Compared to the other students who were accompanied by their parents and had bags of all sizes, he was unbelievably carefree.

As soon as he entered the campus, he could see seniors wearing red sleeve bands everywhere. The yellow words on the red sleeve bands were very eye-catching: Welcome Volunteers.

Many freshmen looked for these welcome volunteers everywhere and asked all kinds of questions. Li Mu did not ask anyone. He raised his head and looked at the banner. In addition to welcoming freshmen, it was also written that the registration hall was at the Truth-seeking Building. Li Mu followed the road signs and groped his way to the Truth-seeking Building.

When he arrived at the Truth-seeking Building effortlessly, a beautiful girl with curly hair came up to him and asked with a smile, "Student, are you here to register?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded. The girl in front of him was about 1.63 meters tall. She had a delicate appearance and fair skin. The most eye-catching thing was that there were two shallow dimples when she smiled.

The girl said in surprise, "I was wondering just now. Did you come by yourself?

Why do you only have one backpack? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I came alone, so I packed lightly."

The girl was a little curious about Li Mu. At first, she thought it was strange that such a handsome and unfamiliar guy only carried a backpack. He did not look like a new student. She did not expect that he was really a freshman who came to register.

"I'm a second-year student in the Finance Department of our university's School of Finance. I'm your senior. Which school are you from?"

Li Mu blinked and smiled. "Guess."

Tian Tian was a little flustered by Li Mu's evil smile. Her face was a little red. She hurriedly avoided Li Mu's eyes and said hesitantly, "How can I guess? Are you also in the Finance Department?"

Li Mu nodded. "Finance Department."

"Really?"

Tian Tian suddenly exclaimed and her face was full of joy. "Now you really are a junior. I'm also in the Finance Department!"

With that, Tian Tian's panic was thrown to the back of her mind. She said to Li Mu excitedly, "Let's go. I'll take you to register."

Li Mu was also very surprised. He reached out and said, "Thank you, senior. My name is Li Mu. Please take care of me in the future."

Li Mu did not expect that the girl in front of him would turn out to be a senior in the same major as him. Although he did not go to a very good university in his previous life, he also knew the importance of having a good relationship with the seniors in the same major. In the future, he would inevitably ask them for help with his studies, exams, and even papers. Their experience would be very useful to future generations.

Tian Tian looked at Li Mu's outstretched palm. She hesitated for a moment, then reached out and shook hands with him with a red face. Then she said hurriedly, "Let's go in."

Li Mu registered under Tian Tian's guidance. After paying the tuition fee by swiping his card, he got his class and dormitory number.

"No.1 Courtyard, No.5 Building, No.606."

Tian Tian looked at the dormitory number in Li Mu's hand and took the initiative to say, "Li Mu, it's not easy to find the dormitory building in our school. Do you want me to take you there?"

Of course, Li Mu was very happy to have a beautiful woman willing to help lead the way. He hurriedly said, "Then I'll have to trouble Senior Tian Tian."

Tian Tian pursed her lips and smiled, showing the two shallow dimples again. "It's my pleasure. Let's go."

Renmin University covered a large area, but after all, it was a university with a long history, so the campus was a mixture of old and new buildings. It was too deep, and it was not easy to find the way. Fortunately, there was Tian Tian. She took Li Mu to the downstairs of No.1 Building.

"You can go downstairs to get the bedding from the dormitory management. I won't go up with you. I have to go back to the Qiuzhen Building to help the other freshmen register."

Li Mu hurriedly took out his phone. "Senior, is it convenient to leave your number?

We can contact each other if there's anything in the future. "

Tian Tian hesitated for a moment, then nodded shyly and agreed. She didn't know what was wrong with her today. Usually, there were a lot of male students in the school who chased after her for her phone number, but she didn't give it to anyone. But today, with just one sentence from this freshman, she immediately entered her number into his phone.

What was even more unexpected was that Tian Tian couldn't help but say, "Give me a shock, I'll also remember your number."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I haven't had time to apply for a local Yanjing SIM card. I'll send you a message after I'm done."

Only then did Tian Tian wake up. Most of the freshmen came from other places, and their mobile phones were roaming. Now, roaming fees were extremely expensive, and there was an additional charge for receiving calls.

So, Tian Tian kindly reminded him, "Our school has a business office for Mobile and Unicom. It's next to the Western Cafeteria. You can apply for one after you're done."

"Okay!" Li Mu nodded and waved goodbye to Tian Tian.

After Tian Tian left, Li Mu conveniently saved her number, went to the dormitory manager to get a new bedding, and went straight to his dormitory.

Li Mu pushed open the door of dormitory 606. The small room had already gathered seven or eight people. It was really full.

Looking carefully, he found that it was three students and their parents. Li Mu was the fourth to arrive at the dormitory. Seeing him come in, everyone in the room turned to look at him. The parents were even more surprised. One of the fashionably dressed aunties asked in surprise, "Young man, are you from this dormitory?"

"Yes, aunties." Li Mu nodded politely and then said to everyone, "Hello everyone, my name is Li Mu."

Other people, whether students or parents, also responded politely to Li Mu. The aunty just now asked curiously, "Why did you come to register by yourself?

Didn't your family accompany you? "

"No, they're busy."

The aunty nodded. At this time, Li Mu also found his bed, bed 4, which was the middle lower bunk.

Dormitory 606 had a six-person layout. There were three upper and lower bunks arranged in a concave shape, and in the middle, there were three two-person desks facing each other. In addition, there was a double-layered cabinet at the door. Li Mu put his bedding on the bed board. The aunty who was helping her son clean up by the cabinet smiled and said, "Oh, young man, my son is sleeping on the upper bunk."

At this time, the boy who was making the bed with his butt in the air turned to look at Li Mu and smiled. He said with an authentic Beijing accent, "Hello, Li Mu. My name is Li Yawei. We were family 500 years ago!"

Li Mu smiled at him and said, "Hello family."

Li Yawei also understood when Nan Su called people with the same surname. He grinned and gestured to his bed, then continued to make the bed.

At this time, a tall man who was about 1.88 meters tall from the lower bunk next to Li Mu stretched out his hand and said, "Hello, my name is Hu Zhengdao."

The boy from the upper bunk also jumped down from the bed. His skin was dark and looked very sturdy. He stretched out his hand and said, "Hello, Sun Jian!"

Li Mu shook hands with both of them.

While he was making the bed, another young man walked in alone. He was not tall and was a little thin. He wore a pair of thick glasses and looked like he was only 15 years old. His name was Liu Nian.

Everyone was familiar with each other. After settling the things on hand, the student's parents temporarily left, leaving the five young people behind. Everyone was a lot more relaxed. Li Yawei was more cheerful and said with a smile, "People say that the first thing you do when you enter university is to go to the dormitory to queue up. Let's queue up too?

I was born on August 12th, 83. What about you guys? "

The tall Hu Zhengdao touched his mouth and laughed. "Very good, I'm not the youngest. I was born on May 5th, 83."

Sun Jian raised his hand. "February 22nd, 82!"

"F * ck!" Everyone exclaimed. "Sun Jian, why are you so old!"

Sun Jian laughed. "I can't help it. I didn't do well last year, so I had to repeat for a year."

Then, Sun Jian asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, what about you?"

"May 3rd, 83."

Hu Zhengdao said with a bitter face, "F * ck, Li Mu, you're only two days older than me!"

Li Mu spread out his hands. "That's still older than you!"

The newcomer, Liu Nian, pushed his glasses up. "Hello, brothers. I'm the youngest. I was born in October, 83."

Sun Jian nodded and said with a smile, "Now it's my eldest, Li Mu is the second, Hu Zhengdao is the third, Li Yawei is the fourth, and Liu Nian is the fifth."

As he said that, the door was suddenly pushed open. A muscular man, who was over 1.7 meters tall, smiled and said, "Not everyone is here, and you're already queuing up?"

Everyone was a little surprised by this guy who suddenly came in, but they quickly reacted. Sun Jian smiled and said, "We're only missing you. Hurry up and introduce yourself!"

The muscular man laughed. "Xue Jianfeng, Qilu, born in March, 83. What's your rank?"