Chapter 31

A group of animals who had drunk too much were attracted by Su Yingxue's singing. When the song ended, the applause was thunderous. After all, she was the prettiest girl in the class and school. The boys cheered for her one after another.

But after that, Su Yingxue stopped singing. The girls sang two or three love songs. After a long time, they all went into Beyond Time.

"I Really Love You", "No More Hesitation", "Glorious Days", "Boundless Sea and Sky"

In this era, these were definitely the favorite songs of the boys in KTV. But Li Mu really didn't dare to compliment the singing skills of this group of people.

The attentive deputy class monitor found that everyone had been sitting here for more than an hour. It seemed that except for Li Mu, the others had sung a few lines. Thinking that Li Mu had sponsored 900 yuan in exchange for this table of drinks and snacks, she took the opportunity when the microphone was idle to take the opportunity to instigate loudly, "Li Mu, you are the only one who hasn't spoken. Sing for us!"

Because Li Mu had become a handsome guy, the girls began to echo.

Li Mu drank a little, but he didn't hold back. He stood up with a cigarette in his mouth and rubbed the hair on the top of his head. His messy hair was full of a bad boy's look. He said, "Who has the song book? Order me No More Let You Be Lonely!"

Chen Sheng was not an idol singer. He was old and not very good-looking. In addition, his singing was too casual and full of vicissitudes. He had never been young people's cup of tea. Most of the people who liked him were middle-aged people with a certain amount of experience. So when Li Mu wanted to sing this song, most people had not heard it before.

But for Li Mu, this song was too emotional. The lyrics, the music, and even the singing contained a kind of sincere emotion. Moreover, the accompaniment was only a guitar, which seemed more simple.

"Let me kiss your face gently and wipe away your sad tears …"

"The road is long, let's go together …"

"I won't let you be lonely anymore. We'll walk together until the end of time …"

Li Mu's voice was hoarse and magnetic to begin with. This song was almost perfect. Not only did it move many people to tears, but some of the more attentive listeners could feel the vicissitudes and emotions that were completely different from Li Mu's appearance.

Among them, Su Yingxue was the one who was the most shocked and had the most turbulent emotions. She seemed to be unable to understand Li Mu more and more. She had known him for three years, but all her impressions of him seemed to have been completely overturned in these few days.

For the whole night, Li Mu only sang this one song.

He didn't drink anymore, nor did he smoke anymore.

Just like him, Su Yingxue stopped singing as well.

Other than the two of them who were a little quiet, the others became more and more enthusiastic. A few of the boys drank so much that they couldn't even open their eyes, but when there was a familiar song, they didn't forget to sing along loudly.

At about 11 pm, a few of the boys went to the washroom together. Not long after, Li Mu's deskmate, Hu, ran back in a panic. He pushed the door open and shouted to everyone, "The class monitor was beaten up!

Men, follow me! "

The group of high school graduates who had too much to drink had an adrenaline rush that was even faster than Bo Qi's. The moment they heard this, the 20 or so boys instantly exploded. They stumbled to their feet and rushed out behind the male classmate.

When Li Mu saw that this group of bastards went to fight empty-handed, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart, "As expected, they are just hotheads." After saying that, he weighed a beer bottle in his hand and followed them out with his hands behind his back.

Everyone swarmed behind the male classmate and rushed to the washroom door. The scene in front of them shocked many of them.

The KTV washroom was very big. Just the open space in front of the door was dozens of square meters. The class monitor and two other classmates were blocked in a corner by four or five youths. The youths kept punching and kicking them. The most arrogant one even grabbed the mop that was used to mop the washroom floor and used both hands to stab them.

When they saw more than 20 people, the youths were a little stunned. One of Li Mu's classmates shouted, "Damn, how dare they hit our class monitor. Let's fight them!"

The youths were also dumbfounded. They didn't expect the other party to have so many people.

Their private room was opposite the washroom. There were a total of five guys and three girls. Three of the guys drank too much and went to the washroom together. One of them bumped into Li Mu's class monitor. The class monitor also drank too much and subconsciously said that the other guy didn't look where he was walking. As a result, the other guy didn't say anything and directly slapped him.

The other three boys next to the class monitor wanted to help, but they didn't expect the other guy to go back and call the other two boys. Once everyone arrived, they started fighting. It was five against four. The high school students were no match at all. They didn't even have the power to fight back. As expected, Hu ran back in panic and called for help.

Li Mu didn't have any impression of this fight. In his previous life, he drank too much and fell asleep not long after he went to the KTV. The next day, he heard that the boys in his class had a fight with a few gangsters at the KTV the night before. One of the boys was stabbed in the stomach. Although his life wasn't in danger, he had to stay in the city hospital for half a month before he recovered. Li Mu went to see the fight with his classmates a few times. From what he remembered, the guy who stabbed him was never caught.

Piecemeal memories combined with the situation in front of him. Li Mu already had a plan. It seemed that they were the ones who hurt people with knives in his previous life. These gangsters definitely had knives on them. He had to pay attention to their actions at all times to avoid repeating the same mistakes.

These guys were originally very arrogant, but when they saw so many people surrounding them, they suddenly became afraid. One of the guys holding the mop pretended to be tough and pointed at the crowd. He shouted, "It's none of your business. Get the f * ck away!"

Facing so many people, these gangsters didn't have any confidence, but they still wanted to be arrogant. In an instant, they angered Li Mu and the rest of the boys who drank too much. They wanted to rush up and fight.

Only then did the youths realize that they had messed up. If they had seen these high school students on a normal day, they wouldn't have cared. But now, these guys were obviously drunk. Each of them looked like they were going to fight it out with them. They couldn't be intimidated at all.

The gangster carrying the mop immediately threw it to the side. He took out a butterfly knife from behind his waist and pointed the sharp tip at the students in the front row.

"All of you f * cking back off. I'll stab whoever goes forward!"

The gangster had also drunk some alcohol. When he saw so many people rushing over, he didn't seem to care anymore.

However, at that moment, Li Mu's classmates were full of adrenaline. All they could think about was fighting, so they rushed forward regardless.

A few of the girls who followed them out were shocked when they saw the situation. They didn't drink, so they knew how vicious the other party's knife was.

The gangster carrying the butterfly knife was also a little anxious. When he saw the crowd rushing over, he raised the knife and stabbed forward without saying anything.

At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him from the side. Just as he was about to turn his head to look, a beer bottle exploded on top of his head with a bang. He felt a sharp pain in his head, and he almost couldn't stand up.

The person who attacked was Li Mu.

It was still useful to bring a beer bottle. He circled around and when the other party wasn't paying attention, he directly crushed the beer bottle on his head. Blood immediately flowed down and covered his face.

Then, before anyone could react, Li Mu grabbed the wrist of the gangster holding the knife. He used force with both hands and broke the gangster's wrist with a crack. His hand loosened and the knife fell.