Chapter 61

At seven o 'clock in the evening, a middle-aged man of about 35 or 36 came to the simple rehearsal room. As soon as he entered the room, he greeted the four members of the band, who responded to him one by one. It seemed that he was very familiar with them.

Ye Tianming pulled Li Mu over and said to the man, "Brother Liang, let me introduce you. This is our good brother, Li Mu, the manager of the band and our behind-the-scenes promoter."

The man looked at Li Mu in surprise and reached out his hand with a smile.

Li Mu also shook hands with him in a friendly manner. Ye Tianming said, "This is my godbrother, Song Liang. He does business in Haizhou."

Song Liang said to Li Mu with a smile, "I heard from Tianming that you are also from Haizhou?"

"Yes."

Li Mu nodded, but he was thinking about who Song Liang was. The name was so familiar, but he couldn't remember it at the moment.

Ye Tianming saw that Li Mu was deep in thought, so he said with a smile, "Brother Liang does real estate business in Haizhou. Wanying Company is very famous in Haizhou."

Li Mu suddenly understood.

Song Liang, the legendary land magnate in Haizhou, not only developed several popular properties in Haizhou, but also made a huge network of connections in Haizhou. It was said that he was often a distinguished guest of the leaders of the municipal party committee. In the next few years, there would be countless rumors about him in Haizhou, but Song Liang's evaluation was very high.

He was loyal, principled, well-behaved, and good at handling affairs. These praiseworthy advantages made Song Liang stand out in Haizhou in the future era of the rise of real estate. Basically, more than 70% of the residential land planned in Haizhou in the next few years would be in Song Liang's pocket.

In addition to the real estate business, Song Liang also had a lot of prestige in the underworld of Haizhou. He was the kind of person who didn't mix in the underworld, but everyone in the underworld respected him. It could be said that Song Liang was one of the few people who could do both illegal and illegal things in Haizhou.

Previously, Ye Tianming asked him to take his car back to Haizhou and briefly introduced him. He said that Song Liang used to be his father's subordinate. Later, his father invested a sum of money to help him set up his own business, so he chose Haizhou. Li Mu was amazed by the man Ye Tianming mentioned and Song Liang. Song Liang's strength was already so strong, and Ye Tianming's father's strength was probably much stronger.

It was the first time that Li Mu saw this legendary figure. He was stunned and said politely, "Thank you, Manager Song."

Song Liang waved his hand and said, "Don't call me Manager Song. You are brothers with Tianming and Kexuan, so you are also my younger brother. Call me Brother Liang like them."

Song Liang said, but he kept thinking about Li Mu in his heart.

Li Mu nodded gently, "Brother Liang."

Song Liang saw that the young man was young, but he could become good brothers with these four rich second generations. He thought that he was not an ordinary person. He could become brothers with Ye Tianming and others, and he was also the manager and promoter of their band. He was definitely not simple.

Song Liang suddenly remembered that Ye Tianming's father, Ye Youdao, chatted with him today.

He said that it was interesting for Ye Tianming and the other boys to play a band. They became famous in Jinling, and there were fans spreading their information on the Internet. Ye Youdao had been doing business for so many years. He didn't know much about the Internet, but he knew a lot about business. He felt that there must be a very powerful person behind Ye Tianming and the others. Moreover, he also felt that this method of using the Internet to hype up was really promising and the future was limitless.

Ye Youdao also said that the long hair of Kexuan, the youngest son of the Zhang Family, was cut off at the behind-the-scenes request. Before, his father threatened and tempted him to cut it, but he just treated it as fart. His son, Ye Tianming, was the same. Suddenly, he wanted to cut the long hair like Zhang Kexuan, but the behind-the-scenes promoter said that it was not the right time, so Ye Tianming had to give up.

It seemed that Li Mu was the person who could make his godfather, Ye Youdao, admire. He was so young. He was really awesome!

Song Liang couldn't help but observe Li Mu quietly. He thought that since Li Mu was from Haizhou, he must have heard of him. When he heard Ye Tianming's introduction just now, he seemed to be suddenly enlightened. However, there was no change in his expression. He didn't take this opportunity to say more polite words to him, nor did he take the opportunity to claim a relationship with him. Even when he called him "Brother Liang", he was so calm, neither servile nor overbearing. It seemed that he didn't feel that it was a happy thing to know him at all.

It was not that Song Liang was narcissistic, but that he had been in the business world for so many years, and had long abandoned the humble attitude of his youth. Now, when he looked at Li Mu, he suddenly had a sense of deja vu.

Oh, Song Liang suddenly felt that this young man was a little interesting. No, he was very interesting.

Song Liang said to Li Mu, "My car is outside. It's getting late. Shall we go now?"

Li Mu nodded slightly and said to Zhang Kexuan, "Rehearse well. Call me if you need anything."

Zhang Kexuan hurriedly nodded and said, "If you need money, just say it."

The four members of the band sent Li Mu and Song Liang out of the door. Song Liang's Benz S500 was parked at the entrance of the business street. The car was running. Seeing them coming out, a driver in his thirties quickly got out and opened the doors on both sides of the back row.

Song Liang invited Li Mu to sit on the right side of the back row. Li Mu knew that the right seat in the back row was the first seat in a business car, but he modestly declined. Song Liang sat on the left seat, and Li Mu had to sit on the right seat.

After saying goodbye to the simple plan, Song Liang's driver drove away. Li Mu sent a message to his father and told him that he would go back in the evening.

Putting away his mobile phone, Song Liang took the initiative to find a topic to talk to Li Mu, "How old are you this year, Brother Li?"

"Nineteen." Li Mu deliberately said the nominal age.

"Nineteen?

Are you still in school? "Song Liang was stunned.

Li Mu nodded and said, "I just finished the college entrance examination. If I'm lucky, I'll go to college in September."

Song Liang sighed at Li Mu's youth, but he was also more curious about how a teenager who had just graduated from high school could impress Zhang Kexuan, Ye Tianming, and the other four rich second generations.

Later, Song Liang asked about Li Mu's college entrance examination scores and the application he had filled in.

After learning that Li Mu had applied to Renmin University, Song Liang was even more curious about him.

Zhang Kexuan and the other guys had always been bad students. It was really unusual that Li Mu could have such a college entrance examination score after playing with them.

Song Liang became more and more interested in Li Mu. He could not help but take out his mobile phone and handed it to Li Mu, saying, "Little Mu, give me your number. When I return to Haizhou, I'll ask you out for a drink."

"Okay."

Li Mu took the mobile phone and dialed his own number. After the phone rang, he returned Song Liang's mobile phone.

The atmosphere of the conversation between the two became more and more casual. Li Mu also learned a lot about Song Liang.

In Song Liang's own words, he also felt like he had been in a dream until today.

Song Liang was born in a coastal fishing village in Nansu. When he graduated from junior high school, he dropped out of school and went home to help. He was supposed to inherit his father's fishing boat at the age of 18, but because his beloved girl hated the smell of fish all day long, he ran away from home, determined to be a normal person who did not have to smell fish all day long.

At the age of 18, Song Liang worked on the construction site for several years. He thought that he would be a hard worker for the rest of his life, but he did not expect that when he was in his early twenties, he would follow an extraordinary foreman. That foreman was Ye Youdao.

Ye Youdao started as a labor contractor and worked hard in Jinling with Song Liang for more than ten years. Ye Youdao himself became a billionaire, but he did not mistreat Song Liang. He knew that Song Liang was very capable and wanted to let him go out to make a career, so he invested money in him and let him set up his own business.

Song Liang was also very sensible. Although Ye Youdao supported him to set up his own business, he also wanted to take a share in it. Ye Youdao gave Song Liang the freedom to choose where to start his business. Song Liang's first thought was to avoid Jinling and other cities that Ye Youdao was involved in. In the end, he chose his wife's hometown, which was Haizhou, and set up Wanying Real Estate in Haizhou.

While the two were chatting, Su Yingxue sent a message to Li Mu, "Are you back in Haizhou?"

Li Mu replied, "On the way. I'll arrive tonight."

Su Yingxue: "Are you free tomorrow?

I'll treat you to dinner.

Li Mu: "Okay, when exactly?"