Chapter 1065

Li Mu was definitely the first person in the history of a young man who had just entered his second year of university to give a speech at the century-old Harvard.

Not to mention the Chinese, there wasn't even a single American.

More importantly, a 20-year-old Chinese giving a speech at Harvard was able to make the entire Harvard auditorium explode. This was even more extraordinary.

What was even more frightening was that the students were too enthusiastic about Li Mu's speech. They were so enthusiastic that a large number of students couldn't squeeze in and surrounded the auditorium. They were protesting loudly and asking the school to solve the problem.

The school was also having a headache. Since the establishment of the school, there had been a few US Presidents who had come, but they had never seen students so excited. Today was really strange.

Actually, it wasn't strange.

For these students in their twenties, they were the pride of the heavens. They studied at the best universities in the world, and their pride was not something that ordinary university students could compare with. Even if it was the US President, they might not even look up to him. If they were dissatisfied with the political decisions of some presidents, they might even form groups to protest in the streets. So, who could you expect these young intellectuals to submit to?

Only a monstrous existence like Li Mu could completely destroy their prestige.

In front of Li Mu, the students from Harvard, MIT, and Cambridge were all bullsh * t. If they were dissatisfied, they could start their own businesses.

They were competing to see who could earn more money in a unit of time.

Therefore, in front of Li Mu, the students of Harvard University automatically became little sheep. Almost everyone regarded Li Mu as a fanatical life idol. Since he was so amazing, who would dare to act cool in front of him?

It was precisely because Li Mu had gained a large number of fans at Harvard that this speech was surprisingly popular.

Now, not only undergraduate students, but graduate students were also here. A few thousand people came early and were lucky enough to enter the venue. However, more than 10,000 people who couldn't enter were still waiting outside.

Most importantly, these 10,000 plus people were not honest people. If they could not get in, they would shout and shout outside. Their voices were so loud that even if the speakers were turned up to the maximum, they would not be able to hear anything. If this went on, the speech would not be able to be done.

Lawrence, the president of Harvard, also looked angry. He came out and shouted at the students. He decided to attack them one by one and start with the graduate school with the largest number of students. So he shouted to the students outside, "It's enough for the undergraduate students to participate in Li Mu's speech. Why are you graduate students here to join in the fun?"

The graduate students in their twenties and even in their thirties were immediately dissatisfied and shouted, "Why?

The undergraduate department worships Li Mu, but does the graduate department not worship him?

We're so used to acting cool that we don't even have an idol. It's not easy to find an idol that everyone is convinced of. Are you going to deprive us of the opportunity to listen to our idol's speech? "

Lawrence was anxious. "If you continue like this, the speech will not be able to start. No one will be able to listen to it then!"

The student representative shouted, "If you have the time to talk nonsense, why don't you think about how to solve this problem? I heard that the students from MIT next door are coming in groups. I think there will be more than 10,000 people coming soon. Let's see what you can do!

"F * ck …"

Lawrence suddenly realized the seriousness of the problem. F * ck, how could I forget about those animals from MIT!

Those guys from the science and engineering department were not to be trifled with. If more than 10,000 people rushed into the Harvard campus and squeezed into the auditorium, wouldn't each person demolish the Harvard auditorium with a brick?

Eh, demolish it!

F * ck, that's right!

Laurence was inspired as soon as he came down.

It was impossible to demolish the auditorium, but since the auditorium could not accommodate so many people, they might as well go to the stadium!

Harvard's 100-year-old stadium could accommodate 20,000 people. If they were to hold a speech, they might as well open the infield like a concert. 30,000 people could easily squeeze into the stadium.

Moreover, it was November. Harvard's football team had just finished a game with their arch-rival Yale University's football team. The sound equipment in the stadium was complete and could be set up within an hour.

Therefore, Lawrence immediately discussed with Li Mu and told him about the current situation. First, there were about 10,000 Harvard students waiting to come in, and then there were more than 10,000 MIT students heading to the battlefield. They could not hold the auditorium, so they might as well go to the stadium for the speech.

Li Mu did not have any objections. However, he felt like acting cool in his heart had increased a lot.

Good heavens! It was already amazing to fool a top student from Harvard University. At the thought that he had to fool more than 10,000 top students from Harvard University and possibly 10,000 top students from MIT at the same time, Li Mu felt that today might be the peak of his academic career. He must perform well and strive not to lose face for the 1.3 billion people of his motherland.

Lawrence breathed a sigh of relief. Soon, the university announced to the students that the speech would be temporarily held in the stadium. At the same time, they asked the state government to send more people from Boston to maintain order. We are going to have a big event here.

Fortunately, Boston was close. Before the stage was set up, more than 200 police officers, FBI plainclothes, and a small number of SWAT officers rushed into Harvard and began to maintain order in the stadium.

The speech that was originally scheduled to start at 9: 30 in the morning was dragged to 10: 30.

At 10: 30, Harvard's century-old stadium was almost full.

Almost all of Harvard's undergraduate and graduate students were there. Other than the faculty who had to stay in their positions, the rest of the faculty were there too. MIT had come out in full force. Those who didn't know would think that the two universities were going to fight.

The scene suddenly reached 30,000 to 40,000 people, scaring Lawrence. The governor even specifically ordered the SWAT tactical team in Massachusetts to be on alert, and the helicopters were ready to take off at any time, for fear that something might go wrong. Damn it, it's only 30,000 to 40,000 students, but the mainstay of the United States for the next decade or so are all here.

The media reporters also did not expect that Li Mu's speech at Harvard would become such a large-scale event. They were all as excited as if they had been injected with stimulants. After the reporters of Central Television reported the situation back to China, Central Television made an impromptu decision to broadcast Li Mu's speech at Harvard in real time starting from 10: 30 p.m. in Yan Jing time. They even hired the best simultaneous translators of Central Television, who had just returned home from work, to better cooperate with the broadcast.

At this moment, the domestic audience was no longer sleepy. Tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of people were sitting in front of their computers, waiting for Li Mu to appear. They were waiting for Li Mu to give a historic speech that would influence the elites of the generation in the United States and the highest academic hall of the world.

Before the speech began, Lawrence was the first to go on stage. As the president, he was like a warm-up guest for Li Mu. He went on stage for five minutes and said a lot of words of praise for Li Mu. He evaluated Li Mu as the most successful 20-year-old in the world and evaluated Li Mu as a role model for young people in the world. He said that at the age of 20, Li Mu not only had outstanding talent in the field of the Internet, but also had amazing skills in the field of business. Most importantly, he had single-handedly created the most influential and beneficial educational charity fund in Hua Xia and the world.

Lawrence's generous praise for Li Mu successfully completed the foreshadowing and warm-up for Li Mu's next appearance.

When Lawrence announced, "Next, please use your warmest applause to welcome the most outstanding young man on this planet!" The enthusiastic applause of tens of thousands of students was deafening!

Li Ziwei helped Li Mu fix his tie in the backstage lounge. Then, Li Mu took the wireless microphone and strode out of the lounge to the stage.

It was already particularly cold in Boston in November. Li Mu, dressed in a capable black suit, walked onto the stage amidst the cheers of tens of thousands of people.

His tall and thin figure, cool and unruly hairstyle, and angular Asian face made people unable to see the slightest trace of a college student or an IT man.

This was very different from Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg after they became famous. Li Mu looked more like a handsome Asian star with a bit of a playboy, with a cool and confident smile on his face, which made people involuntarily worship him.

Li Mu took the microphone and walked to the center of the temporarily built stage. Like a star who was about to start singing, he first bowed slightly to the audience, then smiled confidently and calmly, "Thank you, Harvard, President Lawrence, and the enthusiastic leaders of Harvard. Of course, most of all, I would like to thank the students of Harvard."

The audience burst into loud cheers.

Li Mu smiled again and said, "I heard that many students from MIT are here today. Welcome, too!"

More than ten thousand students from MIT immediately burst into cheers that were even louder than those from Harvard.

Li Mu said with a relaxed expression, "It's a great honor to have such an opportunity to chat with all of you face to face here.

Everyone should know that I'm from Huaxia, but what you might not know is that I'm from a very unknown small city in Huaxia. I'm from a university in Huaxia that you might not have heard of. Although the university I'm studying in is one of the top universities in Huaxia, compared to you, the university I'm studying in is worlds apart in terms of comprehensive strength. So, to be honest, when I'm facing you, I'm very afraid because you're from the world's number one and number two universities. You're the students that students all over the world yearn for and envy.

It was quiet in the audience. Everyone quietly looked at Li Mu and listened to his every word.

At this moment, on Central TV Department 1, although there was a transmission delay of a few seconds, Central TV was still broadcasting Li Mu's every move and word in real time. The translators also translated Li Mu's every word into Chinese and fed it back to the audience through the television.

Li Mu continued, "Regarding this speech, I've been thinking about what kind of topic I should choose. I'm guessing that all of you are people who have been through big battles and have watched many speeches by big shots. During their speeches, they might talk about the future of humanity, the development of the world, environmental pollution, global warming, political stances, the relationship between developed countries and China, etc. Every topic they talk about is a major problem that billions of people are facing. I don't deny that these topics are very meaningful, but I feel that these topics are still too heavy for me. It's easy for me to move my mouth and talk about it, but I want to be able to talk about what I'm talking about, and that requires a down-to-earth focus."

There was thunderous applause from the audience. Li Mu's words had struck a chord in their hearts.

Whether it was the students from Harvard University or MIT, they had indeed seen many speeches by big shots and listened to many of their topics related to the development of humanity. The content of their talks was too abstract, so it was difficult for such a speech to resonate with them. The end result was that after the speech, most people would forget about the content and continue on with their ordinary university lives.

Compared to the future of humanity, the university students were more concerned about their own future.

After the applause, Li Mu said faintly, "That's why I've thought about it for a long time this time. I've decided not to talk about the principles of life, nor do I intend to talk about human development, the gap between the rich and the poor, or world peace. I just want to talk about 'us' and those who are as young as us in the world."

“As-young-as-we-are”