Chapter 630

The owner of the villa in Ziyun Villa came.

Li Mu received a call from the real estate agent. He made an appointment with the real estate agent to sign the contract the next morning. Then, the real estate agent would help them complete the transfer of ownership.

The next morning, Li Mu arrived on time. The girl who took him to see the house was waiting at the entrance of the company. When she saw Li Mu, she hurriedly stepped forward and said, "Mr. Li, the owner has arrived. He is in the VIP room on the second floor. I will take you up."

Li Mu nodded and followed her to the second floor. The girl pushed open the frosted glass door of the conference room. A woman sitting inside suddenly raised her head. The moment she saw Li Mu, surprise flashed in her eyes.

Li Mu was also surprised when he saw the woman. He didn't know the woman, but he was surprised by her age and appearance. She looked about 27 or 28 years old. Her facial features were very beautiful. She wore light makeup, and her chestnut-colored wavy hair trailed over her shoulders. She was wearing a pleated dress, which made her look particularly mature and dignified. Both her appearance and her temperament were somewhat similar to Zhong Chuhong when she was young, and even slightly better.

It was rare to see such a woman in real life, so Li Mu was inevitably surprised when he saw her for the first time. Before he came, he had always thought that the owner of the house should be an elite man in his 30s who had received higher education. He didn't expect that it would be a rare beauty. Moreover, it was a great beauty who was mature, gorgeous, and temperament.

The reason why the woman was surprised when she saw Li Mu was also because Li Mu's age and temperament were far different from her psychological expectations. She thought that the person who was willing to buy her house should be a successful man in his 40s, and certainly not the kind of nouveau riche who suddenly became rich. Because the price and appearance of her house should not be in line with the taste of nouveau riche, so she imagined that the buyer she would face should be a successful man in his 40s, who had a successful career and was well-cultivated. However, she didn't expect that it would be a young man in his 20s.

At this time, the real estate agent said to the woman, "Miss Wei, this is Mr. Lee who wants to buy your villa."

After that, he said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, this is the owner, Miss Wei."

Li Mu nodded and said politely, "Hello, Miss Wei, my name is Li Mu, Mu Zi Li, the Mu of the ranch."

The other party also nodded politely and said, "Weilan, Wei as in 'grass', Lan as in 'wave'."

Wei Lan had never heard of Li Mu's name, so she knew nothing about Li Mu's background. For her, there were not many people who could take out more than 30 million yuan to buy a house, and Li Mu was at most in his early twenties, but he had this kind of financial resources. Then, 99% of him was the second or third generation of Sijiu City. Although she didn't live in Yan Jing, she knew that there were hidden talents in Yan Jing. Maybe Li Mu was the son of a big company or a big family. Otherwise, he wouldn't be willing to buy her villa at such a high price.

After thinking this through, Wei Lan also put away the surprise in her heart. She just wanted to sign the contract as soon as possible, transfer the ownership of the house, and then try to rush back to Shanghai in the evening. At the moment, there were a lot of things waiting for her to deal with in Shanghai, so she said to Li Mu and the real estate agent, "Since Mr. Lee has already paid the deposit, I think Mr. Lee has already approved of the house, the price, and the commission to the brokerage company. Let's not waste time and quickly go through the process. I'm in a hurry to go back."

The real estate agent nodded, opened the folder in her hand, and said, "I've prepared the contract. Please take a look. If there are no problems with the details of the contract, we can sign it."

As she said this, she took out three contracts and gave one to Li Mu and Wei Lan. Then she said, "Mr. Lee, there is a description of the intermediary fee in the contract. Please take a look."

Li Mu took the contract and roughly looked at it. The main body of the contract was very formal, and it also stated that he would bear the intermediary fee of 660,000 yuan. Other than that, there were no contract traps, so he said, "I have no problem with it."

Wei Lan also raised her head and said, "I have no problem with it either."

The real estate agent then asked Mr. Lee, "Mr. Lee, there are two payment methods in the contract. Which one do you prefer?"

There were no restrictions on real estate in the country these days, so the sale of second-hand houses was very easy and simple. The real estate agent provided two payment methods. One was to go through the supervision of funds in the bank. The money would be transferred to the seller's account first, but the money would be directly frozen by the bank. After the transfer procedures were completed, the buyer, the seller, and the intermediary would jointly go to the bank to confirm the transaction, and the bank would unfreeze the money. However, for some reason, the bank would "freeze" the money in the account for a few days before it would be unfrozen. It was a unilateral overbearing clause of the bank. The other method was to pay the purchase price and intermediary fee to the real estate agent. After the real estate agent led both parties to complete the transfer procedures, the real estate agent would directly pay the price to the seller.

For buyers in large transactions, in order to ensure the safety of their funds to the greatest extent, they basically chose the supervision method. This way, before the transfer was completed, their funds would be the safest. However, the seller would need to wait for a while to get the money, but it wouldn't be too long, just a few days.

Naturally, Li Mu also chose this method. Then the real estate agent said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, there is a time limit for the supervision of funds in the bank in Yanjing. After Mr. Li pays today, even if we complete the transfer today, the bank will probably only release the money after five days. Is there any problem on your side?"

Wei Lan slightly hesitated for a moment. She seemed to be struggling, but in the end, she nodded and said, "I'm fine."

The real estate agent said, "Okay, you two sign the contract first, and then we will transfer the rest of the money after deducting the intermediary fee to Miss Wei. Then we will go to the bank together to complete the rest of the payment. After the payment is successful, I will take you two to complete the transfer procedures."

Li Mu nodded and signed his name on the contract. The financial department of the real estate agent quickly transferred the remaining two million yuan to Wei Lan's account. While Wei Lan was confirming the transfer with the financial department, the real estate agent asked Li Mu in private, "Mr. Li, Miss Wei didn't drive. The Industrial and Commercial Bank, which is more convenient for both of you, is a few kilometers away from here. Do you want to drive, or do you want our company to arrange a car for you?"

Li Mu casually said, "I'll drive, it'll save you some trouble."

The real estate agent thanked him and then told Wei Lan in private. Of course, Wei Lan didn't have any objections, so the three of them left the agency together and prepared to go to the bank.

Outside the door, Li Mu took out his car key and unlocked his G55. Wei Lan wasn't surprised by the Benz G55. After all, Li Mu could buy a house that was worth more than 30 million yuan, so a car that was worth more than two million yuan was nothing to him. However, the license plate number of the car shocked her.

Although Wei Lan didn't mix in the various circles of Yanjing, she still had some understanding of the Yanjing license plate. She could also tell which numbers represented an extraordinary background at a glance. Li Mu's license plate was exclusive to the Government Office, so after Wei Lan saw it, she was immediately sure that Li Mu's background was that of a government official. She was shocked and surprised. Were the children of government officials so flamboyant?

Driving a car that was worth two to three million yuan and buying a house that was worth more than 30 million yuan, wasn't it too flamboyant?

However, this thought only sprouted in her mind for a moment, and then Wei Lan didn't think about it anymore. She was still busy with her own family's affairs, so she really didn't have the mood to think too much.

Wei Lan and the young real estate agent sat in the back of Li Mu's G55. Under the guidance of the real estate agent, Li Mu came to a large industrial and commercial bank. This bank had a cooperation with the agency, so the regulatory procedures were very fast.

Li Mu swiped his card to pay the remaining money. The money was transferred to Wei Lan's account, but it was still frozen. After paying the money, Li Mu drove Wei Lan and the real estate agent to the Housing Administration Bureau to complete the transfer procedures.

The car drove in the direction of the Housing Administration Bureau. Wei Lan, who was sitting in the back, confirmed with the real estate agent next to her as if nothing had happened, "The bank can only release the money in five days according to the supervision of the bank. I don't have to come back then, right?"

The real estate agent hurriedly explained, "No, as long as we go back to the bank after the transfer, we confirm that the transaction has been completed. When the time comes, the bank will automatically unfreeze the money."

"That's good."

Wei Lan breathed a sigh of relief. She looked at Li Mu through the rearview mirror in the car and said, "Mr. Li, after the transfer, we still have to trouble you to come with us to the bank to confirm."

Li Mu nodded, "Don't worry, after the transfer, we will directly return the money to the bank."

Wei Lan was relieved and smiled slightly, "Thank you."

After the transfer of the property was completed at the Housing Administration Bureau, Li Mu had already obtained the property certificate of the villa in Ziyun Villa. The rest was very simple. He could directly take the transfer documents and the property certificate to the property management of Ziyun Villa to do the registration. After that, he could change the keys to the whole set of the house. This house would completely belong to him in the future, and the property management of Ziyun Villa would also change him into the new owner.

After the procedures were completed, Li Mu fulfilled his promise and immediately drove the two of them back to the Industrial and Commercial Bank. He confirmed the completion of the transaction with the bank. At this point, the entire transaction was completed for Li Mu. The house belonged to him, and Wei Lan just had to wait for the bank to unfreeze the money.

After everything was done, Li Mu wanted to directly go to Ziyun Villa to settle the matters with the property management. At least in the future, no one would stop his car when he went there. However, out of courtesy, Li Mu decided to first send the real estate agent back to her company before going to Ziyun Villa.

Thus, Li Mu said to Wei Lan, "Miss Wei, I'll send Manager Chen back. Are you still going to her agency?"

For Wei Lan, there was no need for her to go back and torment herself. She smiled gratefully and said, "I won't be going. It's getting late, I have to directly take a taxi to the airport. I still have an appointment with someone in Shanghai tonight, so I have to hurry to the airport and buy the earliest flight back."

After saying that, Wei Lan took the initiative to extend her hand to Li Mu and said, "I wish you a pleasant stay in Ziyun Villa."