Chapter 427

At eight o 'clock in the evening, Miracle MU, which represented the pinnacle of online gaming, was officially launched in China!

The operation team of Miracle MU was very precise. Before eight o 'clock in the evening, the registration button on the application was still gray. After eight o' clock, it immediately turned into a colorful dazzling state.

The player who clicked in first shouted in the internet cafe, "You can register now!!!"

Immediately after, the internet cafe quickly burst into cheers. Almost everyone flocked to the registration page at this moment and began to register their Miracle MU account.

The initial server construction of Miracle MU could be said to be unprecedented in history. At the beginning, it directly opened up five regions: North China, Central China, East China, South China, and West China. At the same time, each region was under the jurisdiction of ten small districts, and each district had eight servers. In other words, Miracle MU had a total of 400 small servers, and each small server could accommodate at least 2000 people online at the same time. There would also be at least 500-1000 redundant space. In this way, when Miracle MU officially launched its open beta, it would already have the ability to accommodate millions of users online at the same time.

When the server selection interface was completely displayed, not only were the users stunned, even the industry insiders who were paying attention to Miracle MU were stunned.

Building such a huge server system at the beginning was almost unheard of in the online gaming industry. Storm Entertainment's high confidence in this game could be seen at a glance.

Moreover, what was even more shocking was that "Miracle MU" had put a lot of effort into the user experience. During the registration process, it could be found that although the server division was very complicated, and there were five regional regions, during the registration process, in order to reduce the user's registration cost, the system would automatically match the user's actual region based on the user's IP. In other words, when a Yanjing player registered for a region, he only needed to choose the corresponding server in the Huabei region by default, and the residential areas under the region would also be automatically matched according to the order of the population.

For example, North China users would start to register from North China District One by default. After the number of registered users in North China District One reached 20,000, they would automatically be allocated to North China District Two. Normally, users only needed to select the corresponding server to complete the registration. If they had their own requirements for the regions or districts, they could also choose on their own.

The default registration of 20,000 users in each region was just the initial threshold. If the maximum number of users in a single day was only 1,000, then the server would automatically open up another 20,000 registration slots, and the server would be in the best condition.

Online games with millions of users online at the same time hadn't appeared in this world yet. Even though the Legend of Mir was so powerful, it only had 300,000 to 400,000 players online at the same time. According to history, the number of players online at the same time would exceed 700,000 in the second half of this year. In Li Mu's memory, this number was the highest in the world at that time.

The server size of Miracle MU was more than double that of the Legend of Mir, which had been running for more than half a year. The main reason was that Li Mu had high hopes for this game. Storm Entertainment was backed by Muye Technology, and its financial resources were much more powerful than Jiucheng in his previous life. Jiucheng couldn't compete with Storm Entertainment's strong promotion ability. With money, resources, and the lessons learned from his previous life, Li Mu was confident that he could make Miracle MU flourish in his hands.

Reality proved that Miracle MU, with a strong backing, was a miracle in and of itself.

At 8: 30 AM, Li Mu received the operation data. Within half an hour of the official open beta and registration, Miracle MU had added 3.2 million new users.

Three million registered users in half an hour. Even if there were instances of multiple users registering, this number was still heaven-defying in this day and age.

Similarly, at 8: 30 AM, the number of players online at the same time reached 1.1 million. Even with such an extravagant server configuration, it was still at full capacity.

Miracle MU's operations team immediately set the upper limit at 1.2 million users. This was the maximum number of users that the server could handle. If it exceeded this limit, it would be difficult to ensure the smooth operation of the server.

According to the server's records, there were still more than 200,000 users who tried to enter the server. However, because the server had stopped responding to external requests, they could only wait at the client and try again and again.

Li Mu sat on the chair in the Internet cafe, lazily sinking into the comfortable computer chair. The computer was idle, and all his attention was on the Miracle MU players around him.

The players around him praised the game as soon as they started playing. The Internet cafe was filled with the exclamations of Miracle MU players. The graphics and controls of the game had won them over from the very beginning.

Miracle MU was originally released in China in 2003. At that time, Miracle MU had already achieved great success in Korea. Jiucheng cut off all means of retreat to bring this game, sacrificing a lot of profit for Wangzen. The price he paid for this game was much lower than what Jiucheng paid for it in 2003. Not only was the price lower, but more importantly, this game was released in China half a year ahead of schedule. The game itself had a huge impact on the domestic users. The current players had yet to develop a strong faith in Legend of Mir, so in the eyes of the players, this game was much better than Legend of Mir.

Li Mu suddenly felt that he might have cut the future of Shengda in half. If Legend of Mir couldn't maintain a good momentum for two or three years, the powerful Shengda Group might suffer from congenital maldevelopment. Deformity was a small matter, but miscarriage was a big deal.

Li Mu was a person who believed in the butterfly effect. Moreover, he had brought Miracle MU into Hua Xia half a year ahead of schedule. This would have a huge impact on the domestic online gaming market.

Zhao Kang also saw the potential of this game from the reaction of the hundred or so people in the Internet cafe. He couldn't help but tease Li Mu. "According to your definition of cheating, are you going to try your best to prevent Miracle MU from happening?"

Li Mu nodded seriously. Thinking back to the huge consequences of Jiucheng's cheating, he said with a resolute face, "If there's a cheat, I'll kill one. If there's two, I'll kill two. Not only must we block all the cheats, all the users who use cheats, once found out, will be permanently banned. There will be no tolerance. Making an online game is like opening a casino. I want to create an absolutely fair gaming environment for my customers. I will not let anyone cheat in my territory!"

After saying that, Li Mu added, "Except myself …"

… …

According to Li Mu's estimation, the server would be full for the first few days of Miracle MU's release. However, a large portion of these players were probably the crowd that came to watch the game. As the open beta continued, the players would also be washed away. In the next three months, if the number of people online could gradually stabilize at the level of 500,000, Li Mu would be satisfied.

However, the industry's estimation of Miracle MU was much more optimistic than Li Mu's. After most of the internet companies saw the popularity of the open beta, and combined with the quality of the game itself, they all thought that after the game was officially released, its revenue would surpass the current popular Legend of Mir. It would also become the first online game to have more than a million players online at the same time.

Contrary to Li Mu's expectations, the demand for Miracle MU did not decrease at all in the next few days. Instead, it continued to increase. Other than the period from two in the morning to ten in the morning, when the pressure on the server could be slightly relieved, the server was always full, and the number of players trying to enter the game increased.

At first, two hundred thousand people were blocked outside the door. Three days later, this number became five hundred thousand. Moreover, as Miracle Mu caused heated discussions on Tieba and various forums, and a large number of players posted screenshots and game content, it helped push Miracle Mu even further. As a result, the number of people trying to squeeze into the game during peak hours was still increasing.

Only then did Li Mu realize that he had released a ferocious beast cub that was waiting to be fed. Even if it was a good breed, even if it grew very fast, it would still need some time. He did not expect that the moment it was born, it was already a mythical beast of a considerable scale, and its growth speed was astonishing.

Fortunately, Storm Entertainment had sufficient funds "borrowed" from Makino Technology, so they had a strong reserve to add new servers. After coming back to his senses, Li Mu immediately arranged for the relevant people in charge to add new servers, increase the capacity of the game, and increase the capacity of Miracle MU to a scale that could accommodate two million players online at the same time.

Two million players online at the same time was basically a height that could only be achieved by games like DNF and CF, which were represented by Tengxun. Even the domestic server of World of Warcraft did not have this capability. If Miracle MU could really achieve two million players at the same time at its peak, the daily active users of this game must be in the tens of millions, and the monthly income could reach hundreds of millions. Excluding all the operating costs and the small share that was given to Wangchan, the monthly profit would definitely exceed 100 million. This was not even a gold mine, but a money printing machine.

"Miracle MU" continued to be popular in the country. Li Mu set a final release date for YY, which was a week after the release of "Miracle MU".

In the last 24 hours before YY's release, Li Mu confirmed several key matters with the core team after the release.

First, YY was scheduled to be released at eight o 'clock in the evening the next day. Li Mu had always preferred this golden time to surf the Internet.

Second, an hour before YY's release, advertisements on Tieba, internal messages on Tieba, and internal messages on Happy Farm would be pushed to YY at the same time. The push content template had already been written, using the simplest language to tell the users what YY was and what awesome functions it had.

Third, all users could directly register a YY account after downloading the YY client. YY accounts would be issued in the form of numbers. Old users could bind their YY numbers to their Tieba accounts with one key. After the binding, the user's Happy Farm would receive an item bag worth 10 yuan. The technical department must ensure that no matter how high the instantaneous traffic was, the process of registration, binding, and reward collection had to be sufficiently smooth.

Fourth, the friend clone function of YY was the core of the rapid login. Therefore, the team must ensure that on the first day of YY's release, the registration and binding rate among the users of Tieba would reach more than 80%. If it did not reach the target, the reward policy would immediately come up with a remedy.