Chapter 937

Wei Lan, who had always been extremely calm, blushed at Li Mu's teasing.

Wei Lan didn't know how many words of praise she had heard, but only Li Mu's words made her feel shy.

Li Mu's words of praise were too pleasing to women. The meaning of his words was almost to say that she was the most beautiful woman in Yan Jing. Although she was not conceited to this extent, she was naturally happy to hear such a heavy praise.

What's more, this praise came from the mouth of her sweetheart, which made her a little nervous even though she was happy.

Wei Lan was also a mature woman who was used to all kinds of scenes. She should have been calm in this kind of exaggerated praise, but the clear water in her heart couldn't help but ripple because of Li Mu.

She put her bag on Li Mu's desk in a panic. Taking advantage of the moment when Li Mu's eyes were attracted by her bag, Wei Lan stretched out her right hand and put the back of her hand on her cheek. She felt the back of her hand was hot, and she became even more flustered.

Originally, she only felt shy and her face was a little hot, but she didn't expect it to be a little hot. There was no mirror right now, and she was really worried that her face was too red and would be seen by Li Mu.

Wei Lan was not afraid that Li Mu would know that she liked him, but she simply didn't want to act like a little girl who had her first awakening of love in front of this big boy who was a few years younger than her.

There must be a lot of shy, delicate, often blushing girls around him, and she didn't want to be in the same line as them in Li Mu's eyes. That was really too contrary to her usual style. In the words that people in Yan Jing often said, you have to have your own style.

At any time, she had to maintain a certain amount of pride. That was Wei Lan's style. Even if this young man in front of her had the ability to summon wind and rain, even if he could make her father earn 20 million US dollars with just a phone call and a few words, even if she had long been subdued by his charm in her heart, she still had to try her best to maintain her usual image and style in front of him.

Forcing herself to calm down, Wei Lan teased Li Mu, "I didn't expect you to be so good at making women happy. You must have done it a lot, right?"

Li Mu laughed. "I'm so busy every day that I don't even have time to shave. Where would I find the time to coax girls?"

Wei Lan nodded. She didn't need to hear from Li Mu to know how busy Li Mu was recently. Just by looking at the news related to him, she could roughly guess how busy he was.

On one hand, there was the situation of rapid development overseas, and on the other hand, there was the overwhelming publicity of the 929 promotion on Taobao. Other than Li Mu, no one else in the domestic Internet industry could accomplish either of these two things. Moreover, Li Mu was managing these two major events by himself, so he would definitely be very busy.

"If you're too busy, slow down a little. Your health is the most important."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "I'll just finish this wave. After the 929 rush, I'll take advantage of the National Day to take a break."

Wei Lan asked curiously, "Where are you going for your vacation?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Haizhou."

"Huh?" Wei Lan was stunned and said, "Going back to your hometown?

I thought you were going abroad for a vacation. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "For people like me, going home is the best way to rest."

Wei Lan nodded in understanding, and then a trace of loneliness flashed across her face.

She also knew that there was no place like home that could make people relax the most. Even if she stayed in a super luxurious hotel in the Maldives, after three to five days, or even ten days, she would get tired of the cramped island and the 24-hour sound of the waves. The place that could really make people relax the most was home. This home was not her residence in Beijing or other cities, but the city where she grew up, by her parents' side.

Wei Lan also wanted to return to Shanghai, but not to the current Shanghai, but to the Shanghai where her parents were. Unfortunately, there was no chance for her to reunite with her parents in Shanghai, and she didn't even know if she would have such a chance in the next few years.

At this time, Li Mu raised his head and saw the sadness in Wei Lan's eyes. He comforted her and said, "Once the Juncheng Real Estate case is heard, I will definitely do my best to ensure that your father's trial is fair and just. As long as he is sentenced according to the law, there will basically be no jail time. According to the past cases, at most, he will be sentenced for three to five years."

Wei Lan nodded lightly with a grateful expression. At this time, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "Let's not talk about this. Let's talk about something else. What plans do you have for the National Day holiday?

Are you going to Beijing or elsewhere? "

Wei Lan said, "I can't take a National Day holiday. Wanying has a lot of things to do. The core team will work normally on National Day and only take a weekend off."

Li Mu said, "How can that be? When it's time to rest, you have to rest."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Forget it. Look at how busy you are. Have you rested when it's time to rest?

You still have the nerve to talk about others. "

As she said that, Wei Lan explained, "Working overtime is voluntary. Everyone is willing to work overtime."

Li Mu knew that he himself was a workaholic. Persuading others to rest naturally wasn't very convincing, so he said helplessly, "Alright, you guys can decide for yourselves."

Wei Lan nodded and asked Li Mu, "Oh right, I heard from Boss Lin just now that there were five to six hundred people applying for visas for Makino Technology today?

Why are there so many people? "

Li Mu said, "The next step for Makino Technology is to gradually shift its focus to the overseas market. After National Day, the first batch of employees will be sent to the United States. In the future, there will be more employees being sent to the United States to work. Therefore, all the frontline employees will basically take this opportunity to apply for visas. This is because for business visas, as long as they are signed for the first time, they can be renewed for the next few years without having to sign in person. Moreover, the pass rate is much higher."

Wei Lan said, "Then in the future, won't you be able to stay in the United States permanently?"

Li Mu shook his head. "No, my focus for the next one or two years will definitely still be in China."

…

Wei Lan didn't drive. She stayed in Li Mu's office until around eight o 'clock. Then, Li Mu took her down to the basement and drove her to the restaurant she had booked in advance.

After sitting down in the restaurant's private room, Wei Lan ordered a bunch of Shanghai's favorite dishes and Yangcheng Lake's hairy crabs. When the dishes were served, Wei Lan used tea in place of wine and toasted Li Mu. "Let me toast you on behalf of my dad. Thank you for thinking of him at that time and giving him a chance to earn money."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't have to be so polite. I just shared a small piece of information."

Wei Lan nodded and smiled. After a moment of silence, she said to Li Mu with exceptional sincerity, "I'm really grateful to you. Since we've known each other until now, there are too many things I need to thank you for."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's no need to say too many words of gratitude. We're partners now. If you can do a good job at Wanying, that's the greatest reward for me and for yourself."

As he said that, Li Mu said jokingly, "Actually, I originally wanted to earn some short-term profit from eBay, but it was too troublesome to operate, so I gave up on it. Moreover, I don't have any friends or acquaintances in America. Later, I remembered that your dad is in America, so I called you. It can be considered as keeping the goodies in one's own hands."

When Wei Lan heard Li Mu say "keeping the goodies in one's own hands," she was elated. This meant that Li Mu saw her as one of his own. At the very least, it proved that in his heart, they weren't that far apart.

Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "That phone call of yours made my dad earn a huge sum of money from eBay shares. It seems like he's never made such a simple sum of money in his life. These two days, he's been so happy that he keeps saying that he'll buy me a villa in Ziyun Villa …"

Li Mu asked curiously, "How much is a huge sum of money?"

Wei Lan said, "Twenty million US dollars."

Although the words' twenty million US dollars' were said lightly, in reality, Wei Lan still felt that it was a little unbelievable.

What was unbelievable was not the twenty million US dollars, but Li Mu.

With just one sentence, Li Mu released such great news. In her opinion, this was simply the best proof of Li Mu's true strength, and it was also the most unique charm of Li Mu.

Almost all women liked strong men, and Wei Lan was no exception. In her eyes, Li Mu was the strongest existence in her world. In her eyes, Li Mu was the person she admired the most. In her eyes, Li Mu had the strength to conquer almost everything, including herself.

At this time, Li Mu didn't notice the special way Wei Lan looked at him. Instead, he said in surprise, "Earned twenty million US dollars?

How much did your dad buy? "

"A million shares …"

Li Mu couldn't help but sigh. "He bought a million shares and earned twenty million US dollars. Fortunately, it was an American stock. If it was in China, individual investors would have been trapped by the main force if they dared to buy so much."

Wei Lan said, "I didn't expect him to buy so much. Now that I think about it, it's still quite scary. In order to buy these shares, he even borrowed a lot of money from his friends. It seems that we shouldn't reveal any more information to him in the future. His style is always to hold a heavy position. If it wasn't for this, Juncheng Real Estate wouldn't have been so passive."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In the future, when Makino Technology goes public, recommend him to invest a little in it for the long term. At that time, invest the twenty million US dollars he earned this time, and it will be enough for him to live in retirement."

Wei Lan smiled and asked, "When will Makino Technology go public?"

Li Mu said, "This year, we will finalize the Series A, and American investors will participate in it. Then, we will plan to go public with them. It should be no problem to go public in 2003."

Wei Lan said, "When Nasdaq rings the bell, you will definitely be there, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's such a sacred moment. If I don't go, I will regret it for the rest of my life. Not only me, but all the senior officials of Makino Technology must be there to witness it."

Wei Lan hurriedly said, "I will make an appointment in advance. When the time comes, leave a spot for me. I will also go and witness history."

Li Mu remembered the conversation with her in the office this afternoon. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, if I really go to America to ring the bell, I will definitely charter a plane. I will save a seat for you on the plane!"

…

After the meal, Li Mu sent Wei Lan back to the neighborhood where she lived. The car stopped in front of Wei Lan's unit. After Wei Lan said goodbye to Li Mu, she didn't forget to remind Li Mu to be careful when driving and to send him a text message when he got home.

Li Mu nodded and watched Wei Lan enter the door of the unit before he drove away.

The Mercedes-Benz driven by Wang Yuanlang and the other two followed his car out of the residential area. After the two cars left the residential area, in the parking space directly opposite the unit door, inside a Jinbei van with black film on it, the driver's seat and the co-driver's seat, who were half-reclining, sat up.

The driver said to the middle-aged man in the co-driver's seat, "Brother Lei, you want to kidnap this woman?"

"That's right!"

The middle-aged man gritted his teeth and nodded. He cursed fiercely, "This stinking b * tch, she teamed up with others to cheat me of half of my life's hard work. I will definitely make her pay for this!"

This middle-aged man was the other shareholder of Juncheng Real Estate, Song Zhilei.

Back then, Li Mu and Wei Lan teamed up to deceive and coax Song Zhilei to take away 20% of Juncheng Real Estate's shares with a valuation of 100 million. At that time, Song Zhilei thought that he finally got rid of a huge burden and barely recovered some of his losses. But when Li Mu took out a few billion in the form of a fund to revitalize Juncheng Real Estate, he realized that he was cheated by Li Mu and Wei Lan!

Originally, 20% of his shares was worth at least a few hundred million or even a billion, but in the end, he sold it for 20 million. This huge loss made Song Zhilei view Wei Lan as an irreconcilable enemy. He swore countless times that he would make Wei Lan pay with her life. There were several times when he had the urge to get rid of her, but because of his wife and child, he endured it.

But now, the situation was different.

Because Song Zhilei betrayed Juncheng Real Estate, colluded with outsiders to swallow Juncheng Real Estate's assets, almost caused Juncheng Real Estate to disappear, and the founder to go to the United States, and a series of vicious acts, he was ostracized by everyone in Shanghai. As a result, he became a street rat that everyone wanted to beat up. Not to mention that he wanted to continue to make money from real estate in Shanghai, even if he wanted to find work on a construction site in Shanghai, no foreman would be willing to hire him.

He couldn't survive in Shanghai, and he didn't have any connections in other places. After repeated setbacks, Song Zhilei realized that he had nowhere to go in Shanghai or even in China. So after discussing with his wife, he decided to sell the house in Shanghai and emigrate to Australia with his family.

Song Zhilei had already bought a villa in Australia. These days, the immigration standards in Australia were relatively loose, and his family had already obtained Australian green cards. Before leaving, Song Zhilei first arranged for his wife and child to bring almost all of their belongings to fly from Shanghai to Australia. As for himself, he used the excuse that he wanted to collect some of the arrears, so he stayed alone.

The reason why Song Zhilei wanted to stay was to take revenge on Wei Lan, and at the same time, dig out a sum of money from Wei Lan.

Hundreds of millions of assets turned into 20 million in cash in the end. Song Zhilei hated Wei Lan to the core. Not only did Wei Lan go to Wanying Real Estate, which Li Mu had a stake in, but she even got a promise from Li Mu of 800 million in three years. This made Song Zhilei feel even more unbalanced. He only had one thing on his mind at the moment: Before going to Australia, he would first kidnap Wei Lan, then force her to ask Li Mu for money, and he would do his best to get more money from her.

Song Zhilei wasn't a reckless person. He had already determined all the details before he came to Yanjing.

First, he found a few fugitives from Shanghai and promised them a 20% commission for the kidnapping case, so they would follow him to Yanjing to commit the crime.

Secondly, he had already found a way to launder money. Kidnapping would naturally require cash, but it would be difficult to change the cash into Australian dollars and bring it to Australia. The way he found was that the other party could charge a 40% commission to help him launder the money, then convert the 60% discount into Australian dollars and transfer it to his account in Australia.

To put it bluntly, he would give the other party cash in RMB, and the other party would use an Australian account to transfer 60% of the Australian dollars to his account. The other party would have a way to slowly launder the stolen money and earn the difference.

Thirdly, after Song Zhilei confirmed that the money was in his account, he would immediately buy a plane ticket to Australia. Before the domestic police found any clues, he would already be in Australia. There was no extradition agreement between the two countries. Even if the domestic police solved the case, he could still sit back and relax in Australia.