Chapter 405

As for the YY gaming platform, Li Mu's product concept was simple.

The basic requirements of the product were to develop a standalone client. This product could be logged in directly from the client itself, or from the YY client. The core product of this gaming platform would be tabletop games, such as poker games, mahjong games, and a collection of various puzzle board games. The basic requirements were similar to the Alliance platform. Users could choose the game type, the region, the room, and then enter the room to select a table to start the game.

The basic requirements were simple, and there was a basic product that could be used as a reference. However, the larger part of Li Mu's product concept was how the YY gaming platform would support YY at the user level in the future. This included the display of the user's game status, shortcuts for game invitations, display of game records on YY, and display of the membership logo on YY.

In the past, when netizens wanted to play tabletop games together, the process was to register a Alliance, then tell the other party their game room and table number on QQ. The other party would then follow the clues to locate them one by one. At the moment, the users did not think that there was anything wrong with this. Instead, they thought that it was a matter of course. However, once they enjoyed the convenient and integrated service, they would realize that the integration of the platform would bring them great convenience and special treatment. When that happened, not only would they become picky, but they would also become very lazy. It would be wishful thinking for them to follow this process to play games with their friends again. He could directly use the location of his friends on QQ to complete the entire process from opening the gaming platform to sitting across from his friends with a single click. These highlights would also be reflected in YY in the future.

After Li Mu explained his general requirements for YY games, he said, "Everyone, don't underestimate a tabletop game client platform. This product is also equivalent to a deeply customized supporting product for YY users. It will play a very important role in the future of YY."

After saying that, Li Mu continued, "Right now, the number of users in Alliance should be in the tens of millions. If I remember correctly, the highest number of online users on their platform in January of this year exceeded two hundred thousand. If there are no competitors this year, reaching four hundred thousand won't be a problem. Tabletop games are different from our Happy Farm. Although Happy Farm has a high user base, the actual user experience is intermittent. Even though the user may be online for more than five hours a day, the actual time spent on the game is less than a third of the time. On the other hand, tabletop games are continuous. You will be given a maximum of thirty seconds to play a hand. If you don't finish within thirty seconds, the system will automatically deem it as a forfeit. This forces the user to focus most of their energy on the game.

"In the end, what we need to do is to use YY as the core and use a variety of different products to grab the most online time for the users. The best result is that the users in the future will not even have enough time to use our own products. That way, all of our competitors will not be a threat."

Li Mu's request was to spare no effort to grab the users' online time. This was also the direction that the big companies would strive to develop in the future. The future Makino Technology would be based on YY and set foot in the entire internet pan-entertainment industry. All entertainment-related industries could be integrated into Makino Technology. Social, community, games, music, film, and animation. With all these sectors gathered together, it would definitely become an aircraft carrier in the internet pan-entertainment industry.

Now, the technical team of Makino Technology was constantly expanding. At present, the number of technical and product-related teams had exceeded 80 people. Li Mu was also asking Lin Ching-ah to continuously recruit more technical talents to join and expand the team to two to three hundred people by the end of this year, thereby building a powerful development center.

In the future, this development center would not need to consider the ownership of the company, because it would provide technical support for all of his future internet companies. They would only sign a contract with Makino Technology and receive a salary from Makino Technology. However, if his other companies needed them to carry out development, they could directly assign development tasks to them. When the accounts were transferred from company to company level, they would calculate the approximate cost of outsourcing technology development, and then the other companies would pay the Makino Technology. This way, it would be equivalent to other companies spending money to entrust the technical team of Makino Technology to carry out the outsourcing of development. In this way, it would not seem unfair at the level of several companies and the company's shareholders.

Li Mu believed that although he had more than ten years of advanced thinking, the operation of the entire company could not be completely dependent on his control of the future. He also needed the active participation and innovation of the company's employees. Only then could the company continue to operate in a positive manner. Therefore, he said to everyone present at the meeting, "The company also encourages everyone to continue to innovate in the field of product development. If anyone has their own ideas on how to increase user loyalty around YY, you can always find your colleagues and superiors to brainstorm. I will urge Boss Lin to come up with a set of innovation incentive policies as soon as possible. Everyone must bear in mind that for internet companies, innovation is the number one productivity."

In addition to formulating a detailed plan for YY's release during the meeting, Li Mu also found Lin Ching-ah to talk about the internal testing of Miracle MU alone.

Storm Entertainment now had more than thirty people. This was all thanks to Lin Ching-ah's constant efforts to recruit people and build a team for Storm Entertainment. Li Mu positioned Storm Entertainment as a game agent and did not involve self-development. Therefore, this team did not require much technical expertise. The most important person in the technical aspect was the server engineer. Lin Ching-ah poached a relevant professional from Shanda with an annual salary of five hundred thousand. Therefore, the entire progress of the game was orderly.

Li Mu requested that YY officially start its closed internal testing at eight o 'clock tomorrow night, while Miracle MU's internal testing would start at eight o' clock this Friday night. YY's internal testing had to be kept as confidential as possible, but Miracle MU did not need to be. Li Mu instructed Lin Ching-ah to let Storm Entertainment's marketing manager in charge of publicity and promotion directly contact the person in charge of promotion resources on Tieba. Then, he arranged for Zhao Kang to mobilize the support of the Internet Water Army. From tomorrow onwards, they would warm up for Miracle MU on Tieba. At the same time, they would organize a prize event on Tieba. At that time, users who were interested in this game could go to Miracle MU to sign in. During the internal testing period, twenty lucky users would be selected every day. In addition to the internal testing registration code, each person would be given a thousand yuan Nokia mobile phone. In addition, three lucky users would be chosen every day and would be given three eight thousand yuan laptops.

With this calculation, the daily direct operating cost of Tieba would only be a few tens of thousands yuan. But which Internet company nowadays had that much money?

For some big companies, it was not that they could not afford it, but they still had not figured out the user's position. They always had a concept in their mind that they had not changed. That was, their goal was to earn money from users, not to pay for it. With this budget, they would rather use the promotion channel than the users. That would be putting the cart before the horse.

Currently, only Li Mu did not have any psychological burden in using this kind of advanced and crude method of promotion by throwing money at users.

It could be imagined that in 2002, giving out so many prizes every day would set off a huge wave among the netizens. It would create the hottest topic among the netizens in a short period of time. Back then, Jiucheng's operation was a miracle, and the game started to make money when it was released. But their game's operation was simply rubbish. Li Mu first had Tieba in his hands, and he also had Alipay, the best payment channel in the country. At the same time, he was brewing the sharp blade of YY. When the miracle was released, he had enough confidence that "Miracle Mu" in his hands would be far more profitable than in Jiucheng's hands. This game would definitely be able to achieve an average daily income of more than three million yuan in the next two years. So, compared to this, the initial cost was nothing.

…

Li Mu did not stay at the hotel in the evening, but drove to find Chen Wan before dinner time. The two found a quiet restaurant for dinner. Chen Wan told Li Mu that she had called the director of "Happy Camp" to communicate the current situation. The other side asked her to go to Xiangdu to communicate the specific details as soon as possible. The time was next Monday.

In Li Mu's view, the possibility of Xiangnan Satellite TV regretting is almost zero. They are a group of people with a very keen sense of the market. In the field of radio and television, there are very few people who can compare with Chen Wan in terms of comprehensive quality. What's more, Chen Wan can gather countless fans with just two or three shots. Once she really appears on the TV screen, she will definitely become famous in the shortest time.

She has always wanted to go to Yanjing and develop on a larger level. She is a very ambitious person, and the current Xiangnan Satellite TV seems to be somewhat unable to keep up with her needs. Therefore, before Li Xiang leaves completely, she needs to find a qualified successor to carry the banner of the most popular female host after she leaves. Originally, Xie Xie was a helpless candidate, but now, Chen Wan is the most suitable choice. (TN: Happy Camp is a kind of "Happy Camp", which means "Happy Camp" is in an awkward period. Li Xiang is not interested in Xiangdu, or in hosting.)

Moreover, the last time Ning Hao came back from Xiangdu, the message he sent back was: At present, the senior executives of Xiangnan Satellite TV are very interested in Makino Image, and they are also inquiring about the real relationship between Makino Image and Makino Technology.

Although the names of the two companies are very similar, in terms of capital, the two companies are relatively independent. However, Ning Hao directly admitted the close relationship between the two companies. The words he used were: Makino Image and Makino Technology were invested by the same boss, but they were not registered under the same account book.

As soon as this was said, the senior executives of Xiangnan Satellite TV really understood the relationship between the two companies.

Although Makino Image has just been established, and there is only one micro film work, they can see the relationship between the company and Makino Technology from the name. This makes them realize that behind Makino Image, there is a quite powerful network promotion resource – Tieba. Tieba has tens of millions of users. If they can get on line with Makino Technology, Xiangnan Satellite TV will have a strong partner in the Internet in the future.