Chapter 1435

Deep down in Li Mu's heart, he really did not intend to be a search engine, but this did not mean that he was willing to give up the capital dividends of the search engine in the future.

After becoming a shareholder of Baidu, Li Mu had already locked in the domestic search engine dividends in advance. If he could reach a consensus with Google, then investing in Google in advance would be equivalent to locking in the overseas search engine dividends in advance.

If he took 10% of Google's shares, then even if this 10% was continuously diluted in the future, when Google's market value reached hundreds of billions of dollars in the future, this share would at least be worth tens of billions of dollars. Moreover, he would have the resources to continuously feed Google's business, which would also become a key factor for him to maintain or expand his shareholding ratio.

In addition to locking in future dividends in advance by investing in Google, it could also help Makino Technology get a strategic partner. In the future, not only would Makino Technology guide Google's traffic, but Google would also need to provide various resources to Makino Technology within its capabilities, just like how Makino Technology locked in a large number of keywords from Baidu.

Although Larry Page was affected by Li Mu's strong personality and was a little depressed, he felt that fundamentally, Li Mu did not really want to be Google's enemy. He just wanted to get more benefits from Google. As long as Google could meet his requirements, he would not become a huge threat to Google in the future.

Therefore, Larry Page made it clear that he would go back and discuss with the board of directors to see if these old shareholders were willing to dilute their shares in order to attract Li Mu to invest in Google.

On the topic of investing in Google, Li Mu finally added, "If the diluted ratio meets my expectations, then I will agree to your request. YY and YYNET will continuously open Google search to users for the next five years. It is even possible to add Google search to other products of Makino Technology in the future."

"That's great!"

Larry Page breathed a sigh of relief and once again confirmed that Li Mu was not an enemy. For the entire board of directors of Google, no one was willing to be the enemy of Makino Technology in the future. Therefore, Google had long set a corporate strategy for Makino Technology. As long as Makino Technology did not extend its business to Google's core search business, Google would never extend its business to Makino Technology.

To put it bluntly, Google did not dare to provoke Makino Technology at all.

Google was like a crusader bent on conquering the East, while Li Mu and his Makino Technology were not pagans that the crusaders had to conquer, but the Venetians on the way to the Crusades. The crusaders did not have the ability to cross the sea on a large scale, so they could only pay the Venetians and ask them to use their powerful fleet to send the crusaders to the other side.

What the Venetians wanted was money.

Li Mu saw that Larry Page's mood seemed to be a lot more relaxed, so he smiled and suddenly said, "By the way, Larry, if we reach a preliminary agreement, I will need to wait for Makino Technology's successful IPO to pay the capital required to invest in Google. Of course, I will calculate interest for Google's shareholders."

Larry Page was stunned, and he could not help but sigh in his heart. Li Mu was really good at scheming. Not only did he want to invest in Google, but he also wanted to delay the payment. This was simply a trick.

However, even if Larry Page was dissatisfied, he couldn't say it out loud. Most importantly, before Yahoo and Google parted ways, they had to lock in the huge traffic of Muye Technology. So be it if they paid later …

Then, Larry Page pretended to be relaxed and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, our main purpose is to strengthen the strategic partnership between Google and Makino Technology. The most important thing is to confirm the investment and the cooperation plan. As for the payment, I believe Google's board of directors will not reject it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I will wait for your final offer. I want to see how much shares your shareholders are willing to dilute."

"Okay."

Larry Page nodded heavily. In order to successfully conquer the east, the crusaders paid almost all of their assets to the Venetian merchants. Now, Google was naturally willing to make the corresponding sacrifice for its own future.

…

After talking about the "in-depth cooperation" with Google, Li Mu began to think about the father of Google, Andy Rubin. So, he asked Larry Page, "Larry, do you know Andy Rubin?"

"Andy Rubin?"

Larry Page frowned and asked, "Li Zong, are you talking about Andy Rubin, who used to work at Apple and Microsoft, and later founded Danger?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's him."

Larry Page said, "I know Andy, and I admire his ability and vision. But how does Li Zong know him?

Andy is actually very low-key, and not many people in Silicon Valley know him. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "A friend of a senior executive in our technical team recommended him. Makino Technology has a vacant project leader position, and this manager asked him to recommend a suitable person. He said this person is not bad."

Larry Page was puzzled and asked, "Then why don't you just ask your friend in the management to help you recommend him?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "His friend is still working at Apple, and Andy used to work at Apple. We are Apple's biggest competitor, so it's not very suitable for him to come forward."

Larry Page did not doubt Li Mu's words, and Li Mu also very carefully described the key person as "a senior executive in the technical team of Makino Technology" and "a friend of his who works at Apple." Although these two statements were vague, they were logical, so Larry Page did not doubt it.

Larry Page did not doubt Li Mu's words. Because of professional ethics, competition restrictions, and different management regulations, many people in Silicon Valley had such a sense of self-protection.

Then, Larry Page said to Li Mu, "Andy seems to be focusing on mobile communications recently. He wants to make an Internet-based mobile phone. Personally, I'm quite impressed with this direction of his. However, the current hardware development is still not mature enough, so he hasn't been able to carry out this project. His Danger project is basically a failure. He disappeared for a period of time a few days ago. Recently, he seems to have returned to Silicon Valley and started thinking about a new venture."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Did he look for you?"

"No."

Larry Page said, "Google has no intention of getting involved in this area. After all, our current idea is to make search engine related products, technologies, and algorithms more solid. We don't have a point of cooperation with Andy for the time being."

Li Mu nodded and said faintly, "Why don't you introduce me to him? Makino Technology wants to add some new experiments to the next generation of Mango-ME, and he might be suitable for this project."

"Sure!"

Larry Page said without hesitation, "It's nothing. Li Zong, when is it convenient for you? I'll talk to Andy. I believe he would also like to have the opportunity to meet you."

Li Mu looked at the time and said, "How about this, since he is in Silicon Valley, ask him if he is free in an hour. If he is, he can come to Makino Technology and meet me for a chat."

Larry Page could not help but sigh, "Why is Li Zong in such a hurry? I'll give him a call."

Li Mu smiled and said casually, "It just so happens that I don't have any other plans this afternoon. I have too many things to do in the next two days, and I have to go to Cambridge."

Larry Page looked through the contact list on his phone while nodding and saying, "I heard that Li Zong, you married a Harvard student and started a Facebook?"

Li Mu smiled and asked, "You know about it?"

"I roughly know about it."

Larry Page smiled and said, "It's a good entry point for college students to socialize. Who knows, it might really make some noise."

Li Mu laughed and said, "It's just a small matter. It's not worth mentioning. I'm going to Cambridge not to see him, but to see my girlfriend."

"Oh …" Larry Page said in surprise, "Li Zong has a girlfriend?"

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Are you surprised that I have a girlfriend?"

Larry Page smiled and said, "I'm not surprised that you have a girlfriend. I'm just surprised that you said it so generously."

Li Mu smiled and said, "We can be considered old friends. We might even be close comrades in the future. I don't have to hide such a small matter."

Larry Page nodded seriously. At this time, the call went through. He hurriedly pointed at the phone to Li Mu, then said, "Andy, this is Larry, Larry Page."

Andy Rubin returned to Silicon Valley from the Cayman Islands some time ago. Recently, he had been looking for investors everywhere.

As a genius programmer, Andy Rubin's life was more neurotic. After the failure of the Danger project, he went to the Cayman Islands to reflect on himself, think about life, and then think about his next venture. Finally, he figured it out. In the end, he found that the capitalists in Silicon Valley were not very interested in his new project.

For an entrepreneur, the biggest blow was that no one recognized their own venture, and it was the same for Andy Rubin.

Andy Rubin was different from Larry Page. Larry Page had a successful career and was worth hundreds of millions, but Andy Rubin had always been a worker in Silicon Valley. He had not achieved much before, and his own venture had failed. For Andy Rubin, even if he wanted to take out his own money to start a business, it would be difficult for him to support an ambitious project with his financial situation. Therefore, he urgently needed to find an investor who was willing to believe in him.

Suddenly receiving a call from Larry Page made Andy Rubin excited. He said excitedly, "Mr. Page, I didn't expect you to call me. This is really delightful!"

Larry Page smiled and said, "Andy, are you in Silicon Valley now?"

"Yes!"

Andy Rubin immediately responded, then said, "Mr. Page, I have a venture and I'm looking for investors. I don't know if you're interested. Can we meet and talk?"

Larry Page laughed and said, "I'm calling to introduce you to a powerful investor. If you're interested, you can talk to him later."

Andy Rubin asked in surprise, "An investor with a powerful background? Who is it?"