Chapter 1216

When the man in the trench coat said that the follower behind him was the senator, Li Mu was stunned.

Didn't the senator want to see me?

How did the senator become a follower?

Then who is this person in front of me that the senator is so submissive and respectful?

Perhaps seeing Li Mu's surprise, the man in the trench coat looked at Li Mu with a smile, reached out his hand and said, "Mr. Li Mu, let me introduce myself. My name is Paul Keane."

Paul Keane?

Li Mu frowned. He had never heard of this name. In his memory, there was no impression of it at all.

At this time, Paul Keane said, "Mr. Li, you may not know much about the Keane family. We are not involved in the Internet industry. Most of the industries are physical industries."

As soon as the other party mentioned the Keane family, Li Mu immediately thought of the other party's background.

The president of the Harvard Student Union that Dong Ai mentioned, who had been trying to control the 3321 American website, was the descendant of the Keane family – James Keane.

Li Mu had never seen James Keane, but since he was a graduate student, he was only twenty-three or twenty-four years old. Paul Keane looked like he was in his fifties, so it was possible that he was James Keane's father.

Li Mu secretly muttered in his heart, I pressured Lawrence to kick James Keane out of the 3321 project. Now this Paul Keane suddenly brought a senator to me. Is it because of James Keane?

Although he was muttering in his heart, Li Mu was still very polite to Paul Keane and said, "Hello, Mr. Keane."

After the greeting, Li Mu reached out and gestured around the cabin environment around him, and asked, "I don't know what Mr. Keane has come to see me for?"

Paul Keane smiled slightly, pointed to the seat in front of Li Mu, and asked, "Can we sit down and talk?"

In the cabin of Li Mu's business jet, in addition to the 11 first-class seats, there was also a small conference table. The conference table used a two-plus-two seat layout. Li Mu sat at the conference table, which was convenient for him to use the computer or read books.

Seeing that Paul Keane had come prepared, Li Mu also wanted to see what he had up his sleeves. He had a senator by his side as a lackey. It seemed that his political power and status were indeed extraordinary.

So, Li Mu made a gesture of invitation to Paul Keane and said, "Since Mr. Keane wants to chat, then please sit down and chat slowly."

The reason why Paul Keane brought this senator over was actually to show his political power to Li Mu. He knew that Li Mu's social status was very high, but he also knew that Li Mu had no political roots in the United States. In his view, political relations must be the most important thing for Li Mu to develop in the United States in the future, so first showing his political strength would be more convenient for the following negotiations.

Seeing that Li Mu invited him to sit down and chat, Paul Keane smiled faintly and sat opposite Li Mu. He said with a smile, "Actually, I took the liberty to disturb you this time mainly for a small project in Mr. Lee's hands."

Li Mu smiled slightly. It was already very clear in his heart that Paul Keane came for 3321, but he didn't point it out. Instead, he said, "Mr. Keane, if you have something to say, you can say it."

Paul Keane nodded and said, "To be honest, James Keane, the president of the Harvard Student Union, is my son. I want to ask Mr. Lee to help my son play an important role in the 3321 UA project. In return, the Keane family will share the special resources we have cultivated in the United States for more than a hundred years with Mr. Lee. In the future, we will mutually benefit and develop together."

With that, Paul Keane pointed to the respectful senator behind him and said, "If we can reach an agreement, Mr. Duncan will apply for a large amount of government subsidies for the 3321 UA project in the Massachusetts state government. He can even mobilize various resources from the state government to speed up the development of the 3321 UA station."

Li Mu looked at Paul Keane and smiled faintly. "Mr. Keane, money has never been a problem for 3321. I have enough funds to ensure that 3321 UA station is on the right track. Moreover, 3321 itself is a non-profit project. All profits must be used to support poor students. Instead of asking Mr. Duncan to seek government subsidies for 3321, it is better to directly let the state government donate the subsidies to poor students. That is more direct."

Paul Keane heard the meaning in Li Mu's words. He had no interest in the government subsidies he mentioned. This was a subtle rejection of him.

However, there was nothing wrong with what Li Mu said. 3321 itself was a public welfare project. Generally speaking, it was very rare for rich people to be willing to do public welfare projects. Who would be willing to give all kinds of extra human resources to do public welfare projects?

Paul Keane used this to talk about cooperation with Li Mu, which was not attractive to Li Mu at all.

However, Paul Keane was not discouraged at all. He continued, "3321 is just a small example I used. The Keane family has been working in the United States for so many years, and it has become pervasive in the entire American society. Mr. Lee's Makino Technology must also have many important arrangements in the United States in the future. If I have the help of the Keane family, it will definitely be twice the result with half the effort."

Li Mu smiled and asked Paul Keane, "Mr. Keane, let's put aside what kind of help the Keane family can bring to me for the time being. Why don't you tell me your specific demands first!"

Paul Keane said, "My core demand is that my son, James Keane, be responsible for the specific work of the 3321 US station. Whether it is announced to the public or the actual implementation, he will be the overall person in charge of the 3321 US station. As long as you can help us implement this and make the 3321 US station go online smoothly, the Keane family will definitely double your compensation in other convenient ways!"

As he said this, Paul Keane reminded, "If you want to make a company big in the United States, government relations are very important resources. Mr. Lee, you are very lacking in this aspect. Although there is no substantial impact now, with the continuous development of Makino Technology in the United States, the negative impact of this lack will inevitably show up step by step and become more and more obvious. If you have the Keane family as a partner, these problems can be easily solved."