Chapter 1128

In the end, the producers and investors of "The Hero" didn't dare to buy the box office under the heavy pressure.

From the moment it was released, the social focus of "The Hero" was taken away by "Those Years". The whole team struggled several times to reverse the situation, but they fell deeper and deeper into the trap. In the end, after Li Mu created such a "Relive Those Years" event, "The Hero" completely lost the social focus.

In the following days, the box office of "The Hero" did not exceed two million, but the box office of "Those Years" took advantage of the popularity of the event and the increasing number of cinemas that joined the Mu Ying ticketing system. It entered a completely invincible state.

When Li Mu and Liu Shixiong went from Shenzhen to Hong Kong to inspect the progress of Taobao Express's express business in Guangdong and Hong Kong, the box office of "Those Years" quickly broke the 200 million mark and continued to climb, creating a new record.

The box office of "Those Years" broke the 200 million mark, causing a strong chemical reaction in the entire domestic film and television entertainment circle. First of all, almost all the cinemas in the country submitted cooperation applications to Makino Image. Now they were just waiting for Makino Image to install the software and hardware of the Mu Ying ticketing system and train the employees. After the inspection, the cinemas would officially join the Mu Ying ticketing system.

According to the current speed, in two months at most, all the regular cinemas in the country would be connected to the Mu Ying ticketing system. At that time, the Mu Ying ticketing system would quickly become the largest channel for the domestic box office.

Industry insiders could already see through Li Mu's ambition through the Mu Ying ticketing system. Because it had the throat of the cinemas, it would have enough deterrence in the future to force the cinemas to change the schedule. In this case, when Makino Image's movie was released, the Mu Ying ticketing system would undoubtedly fight for the maximum number of rehearsals. If there was competition at this time, the number of rehearsals would definitely be greatly affected.

In the future, if any industry insiders, especially film directors or distribution companies, annoyed Li Mu, they would be in big trouble. Li Mu could use the Mu Ying ticketing system to block the other party's box office in minutes.

In addition to the cinemas entering the embrace of Makino Image, Li Mu used all kinds of resources in his hands to easily choke the big production of the famous director Zhang Yimou to death. This also showed the entire film and television industry that Li Mu was powerful in integrating resources and grabbing attention. If even Zhang Yimou could not grab a share of the box office from Li Mu, then other directors and distribution companies would have no chance.

Therefore, Makino Image, which had only been established for a short time and only had one movie in the cinema, suddenly became the uncrowned king of the mainland film and television industry.

However, what really amazed the film and television industry was not how powerful Makino Image was, but how powerful Li Mu was.

After the rise of Makino Image with "Those Years", the resources in Li Mu's hands almost penetrated the entire entertainment industry. It could even be said that he had penetrated the entire entertainment industry.

Easy Listening website was the largest and most authoritative music website in the country. The majority of users' needs for online listening were realized on Easy Listening website. It had become the key for singers to compete with each other. To be able to get a recommendation spot on Easy Listening's homepage was very important for every singer. If they could get on Easy Listening's hot list, then the song would become popular.

Li Mu held Easy Listening website in his hands, which was equivalent to holding the lifeline of all the singers in the country. If a good song did not have a good platform and opportunity, it might not become popular. But if Easy Listening was willing to promote a good song, it would inevitably become popular. Similarly, if a good song was not promoted by Easy Listening website, the possibility of it becoming popular would be greatly reduced.

What was more interesting was that Li Mu also had Taobao website. Now, Taobao website was the largest audio and video product sales platform in the country. More than half of the country's legal records were sold on Taobao platform. If he made a resource linkage, promoting the singer's songs and albums, it was equivalent to directly helping the star open up the channel to the user's wallet!

In addition, Li Mu's Tieba forum had also become the largest gathering place for the fans of the stars in the country. Regardless of whether it was a singer, a movie, or a TV series star, all the stars gathered their fans and popularity on Tieba, and the control of Tieba was completely in Li Mu's hands.

At the same time, because of the huge traffic matrix formed by YY, YY website, and YY123, Li Mu now had the strongest distribution ability. Songs, movies, and TV series, as long as he was willing to promote them, he could gather a large amount of popularity in a short period of time. To a star, popularity was simply like spiritual power in a Xianxia novel. It was the foundation of everything and was irreplaceable for a star.

Now, Li Mu had the Mu Ying ticketing system that would soon cover the whole country, so Li Mu had the ability to closely connect the movie with the audience's wallet. He would first use the major platforms in his hands to promote the movie, then attract the users to the Mu Ying ticketing system to buy tickets and watch the movie, and finally let the users contribute to the box office. This channel was extremely smooth, and for the entertainment industry, it was even more significant!

With so many resources in hand, although Li Mu was not a member of the entertainment industry, he had become the most influential person in the entertainment industry. He was a super big shot that everyone in the entertainment industry looked up to and dreamed of getting close to. There was no one else like him.

…

Li Mu finally felt his extraordinary influence in the entertainment industry. This was because in the past two days in Hong Kong, all the big shots in the entertainment industry had shown their eagerness and flattery to him.

These big shots knew that Li Mu was in Hong Kong, so they all took the initiative to approach him. They either invited Li Mu to dinner, invited him to their homes, or invited him to attend some high-end parties. However, without exception, all of these invitations were rejected by Li Mu.

The reason why Li Mu suppressed "The Hero" and showed off his muscles was because he wanted to build a strong influence in the industry, and use this to quickly popularize the Mu Ying ticketing system. Therefore, at this time, no matter which movie it was, as long as it was released at the same time as "Those Years", it would be an indirect opponent of Li Mu's. He did this to increase his influence and promote the development of his products. He did not want the entertainment industry to worship him, so naturally, there was no need for him to accept the invitations of these big shots in Hong Kong's entertainment industry.

Moreover, Li Mu did not have any actual interest in the entertainment industry. He had always looked at the industry from a perspective that was above the entertainment industry. Therefore, in his opinion, the goal of making "Those Years" the champion had already been achieved, and he did not care about the rest.

Therefore, in the few days that Li Mu was in Hong Kong, he did not give face to anyone. He only arranged for the staff of Makino Image to fly over and buy the global adaptation rights of this year's Hong Kong film "Infernal Affairs" for a price of three million.

With this right, in the future, only he had the right to adapt the "Infernal Affairs" series. The reason why Li Mu wanted the movie's copyright was to prepare for his future venture into Hollywood. In the future, he could invest in this movie in the United States, and then spend some money to lobby for a "Best Picture" award from the Academy Awards.

However, Hollywood was only a small node in Li Mu's long journey. In the future, he could slowly develop his French language skills. For Li Mu, it was more important to nip Shun Feng in the bud as soon as possible.

This time, Li Mu was prepared to use a more efficient operation model and lower fees to snatch all of the Cantonese and Hong Kong movies from Shun Feng's hands. This strategy was similar to the one he used to kill "Hero". He used his own methods to compress the opponent's development space to the extreme. When the time came, he did not even need to open fire, the opponent would be dead.

Sometimes, surrounding and not attacking, and letting the opponent be surrounded on all sides, was more frightening to the opponent than surrounding and attacking.

In order to realize their Cantonese and Hong Kong business as soon as possible, this time, Li Mu and Liu Shixiong specially bought a transportation fleet between Cantonese and Hong Kong at a premium price. At the same time, they built their own Hong Kong sorting center and warehouse at the throat of the land route.

Currently, Hong Kong only had a population of six million, less than a third of Yanjing's population. Logically speaking, with such a population, there was no need to build a sorting center. Especially since there were not many business exchanges between the two places, building a sorting center in Hong Kong could be considered a waste. Even a delivery company like Shun Feng, who was like a fish in water between Cantonese and Hong Kong, did not build a real sorting center in Hong Kong. The reason was that it did not seem necessary.

But after Li Mu and Liu Shixiong discussed, they reached a consensus: Hong Kong must build a sorting center!

The main reason was the difference between Taobao Logistics and Shun Feng.

Shun Feng was only doing genuine Cantonese and Hong Kong parcels, and most of their business was concentrated in Shenzhen and Hong Kong. The total volume was not big, but Li Mu had a complete Taobao Logistics network in China. This network had covered more than half of Hua Xia and most of Hua Xia's population. So, if Taobao Logistics opened up Hong Kong business, it would not only open up business between Cantonese and Hong Kong, but it would also open up business between China and Hong Kong.

Shenzhen City itself has a sorting center. In the future, all the express parcels sent to Hong Kong from all over the country can be directly transported to Shenzhen City for unified sorting and aggregation. After that, the express parcels will be transported to Hong Kong at the fastest speed by a special transport fleet from both places. These express parcels will first enter the Hong Kong sorting center, and then immediately be distributed to all parts of Hong Kong.

In the future, all the parcels sent to other parts of China could also be sorted in Hong Kong's sorting center. Parcels sent to Guangdong would be sent to Shenzhen's sorting center by land, and parcels sent to other provinces would be sent by air from Hong Kong to other distribution centers.

So, there must be a sorting center in order to expand Hong Kong and China's delivery business.