Chapter 1119

The importance of "Hero" in the history of Hua Xia's films went without saying. Whether it was the total box office or the influence it had overseas, it was unprecedented for Hua Xia's films. Many Hua Xia fans had always regarded this film as the pinnacle of Hua Xia's overseas box office.

However, Li Mu had heard some well-founded rumors. In fact, the reason why "Hero" could achieve such a high box office overseas was mostly due to Hollywood's unique marketing methods.

Back then, Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein took over the overseas distribution rights of this film. Then, in order to make this film have a breakthrough in the overseas box office, Harvey specially pulled in Quentin Tarantino, whom he had brought up with his own hands. In other words, he borrowed Quentin's fame at the time and let him be the producer of "Hero". Then, he specifically wrote Quentin's name on the poster, so that others would mistakenly think that it was Quentin's film.

If one intentionally searched for "Hero", which was the overseas release poster of "Hero", there would definitely be the words "Quentin-Tarantino-Presents" at the most eye-catching position on the poster, and this sentence would definitely be bigger than "A-ZhangYiMou-Film".

In addition, on the cover of the overseas release of "Hero", right above the letters "HERO", which was also the most eye-catching position on the entire cover, there was also the words "Quentin-Tarantino-Presents". Interestingly, the words "A-ZhangYiMou-Film" could not be found on the cover of the DVD …

In Li Mu's personal opinion, this kind of operation was somewhat suspicious. This was because Zhang Yimou did not have much influence in the overseas commercial film market back then, and Quentin's influence was simply frighteningly strong.

Quentin himself was a fan of Eastern Kung Fu films. Associating "Hero" with him was equivalent to giving the false impression that "Quentin's production is definitely a masterpiece." Most of the overseas audiences also came for Quentin's fame, which was why the box office for "Hero" was so high. If it were not for Quentin, it would be hard to say how much the box office for "Hero" would be in the United States.

Moreover, Li Mu was not a fan of "Hero" to begin with. Therefore, when he found out that "Hero" would soon be released in China, he knew that this film would become the biggest enemy of "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years."

The box office of a movie was very interesting. The unchanging rule was that in any period, there could only be one movie that could become the box office leader. The other movies were just there to accompany it. Li Mu naturally did not want his movie to be a lackey. Therefore, he had to think of a way to snipe the other party so that it would not be able to become the box office leader of this period.

From Li Mu's point of view, although "The Hero" had a big theme, and it was covered in the guise of Chinese martial arts culture, and there was a chance for it to win awards overseas, it was still a commercial film. It didn't matter whose theme was big or small. The most important thing was to compete in the box office and see who had the highest figures.

Therefore, the upcoming "Hero" ignited all of Li Mu's fighting spirit. He was not willing to let his "Those Years" be the accompaniment of "Hero".

In his memory, "Hero" had swept more than two hundred million in the domestic box office within two months of its release. This result was indeed amazing in this era. However, Li Mu believed that "Those Years" would surpass it with its own advantages, Makino Technology's promotion and projection capabilities, and the help of the Shadow Mudra Online Ticket System!

Immediately, Li Mu discussed a promotion plan with Zhao Kang.

The core theme of this promotion plan was to fully occupy the media and use an overwhelming advertising campaign to reduce the exposure of "Hero".

In order to realize this plan, Li Mu formulated several policies.

First of all, all platforms related to YY, including YY itself, YY net, and YY123, would not promote any content related to "Hero" in the next few months. Although they would not artificially block "Hero", they would not give it a chance to be recommended on their platforms.

Secondly, they would plan three explosive points of public opinion. They would use their own online promotion resources and offline media resources to work together to achieve a complete explosion of the explosive points.

Among them, the first point was to push the Shadow Mudra Online Ticket System into an explosive point of public opinion, so that the people of the country would pay attention to this new way of watching a movie. The second point was to use the guidance of the Internet Water Army to make "Those Years" the focus of the public's recent discussion about the movie. The third point was to hype up the theme song sung by Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan, making the theme song the most popular song on the streets and alleys, as well as the favorite song of the users.

As long as these three explosive points of public opinion were successfully detonated, it would basically form a three-in-one comprehensive coverage, so that "Hero" would not be able to find a way to be fully exposed.

Furthermore, once the "Mu Ying Ticketing System" was launched and became a success, it would rapidly expand the number of cinemas that cooperated with it. Once a large number of cinemas connected their movie slots and seats to their ticketing system, they would be able to use their strong online influence to bring as many movie slots and seats into "Those Years" as possible. Once the online users became more active and occupied the resources of the cinemas, "The Hero" wouldn't even be able to get a high screening rate.

Commercial films were always open and veiled struggles. All the fights for resources were open wars, which were completely in line with the law of competition. It was also an unspoken rule of the market. In addition, all kinds of dirty games in the film industry were not uncommon. For example, when an opponent's movie was released, he would immediately have the Internet Water Army post negative comments on the Internet, or even attack the opponent's actors, bring up scandals about the opponent's actors, and so on. Li Mu was too lazy to use these dirty tricks. He only wanted to use a fair and aboveboard method to make "Those Years" the box office champion at the end of the year.

…

After all the strategies were decided, the "Shadow Mudra Online Ticket System" was officially launched on YY and Taobao at 10 AM on December 6th!

Then, YY sent out a pop-up news to users all over the country. The news introduced the Shadow Mudra Online Ticket System in great detail, including its operation, the process of buying tickets, and so on. There was even a short video to cover up how to use the system.

As soon as the system was launched, it caused a huge sensation!

Although there were not many people in the country who went to the theater to watch movies, the number of netizens increased rapidly under Li Mu's promotion. However, netizens who had been exposed to so many online products had never realized that the Internet could directly cut into their lives.

Although e-commerce had firmly tied the Internet to life, the simple logic of paying online and waiting for the goods to be delivered did not shock people. However, when Li Mu moved more than 60 screening halls in 14 cinemas and more than 12,000 seats to the Internet, everyone truly felt the penetration of the Internet into their lives!

No one would have thought that the Internet could connect to the cinema's ticket sales in real time. They didn't need to go to the cinema to see the movie schedule for today, tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow directly through this system.

And the most amazing thing about this system was its online seat selection function. If one wanted to watch the movie at 6 PM tomorrow, there was no need to go to the theater to buy a good seat before 5 PM. All one needed to do was to choose a suitable seat online and pay for the ticket. Then, before the movie started, there was no need to wait in line. All one had to do was enter a string of numbers into the machine and they would be able to get the movie ticket and watch the movie directly. This kind of experience was simply too cool for the current users!

There was no doubt that the change and improvement of people's movie-watching experience was revolutionary. It suddenly pushed the movie-watching experience to an unimaginable extreme!

However, while the netizens all over the country marveled at the power of the system, they also admired the logic of the Mu Ying ticketing system. Everyone knew that Mu Ying was a subsidiary of Makino Image, and Mu Ye was a subsidiary of Li Mu. Therefore, it was obvious that this was a product developed by Li Mu. Therefore, everyone worshiped Li Mu on the Internet. Everyone felt that Li Mu was simply a genius in the field of the Internet, and that he would never stop subverting the Internet industry and the lives of netizens.

The only regret was that the system currently only supported 14 cinemas under Mu Ye. Everyone looked forward to the day when it could support all cinemas in the country, so that people everywhere could experience this subversive movie-watching experience.

This time, Mu Ying ticketing system shocked two industries.

One was the Internet industry, and the other was the film and television industry.

Hua Xia's Internet industry was almost unable to extricate itself from the process of imitating Western Internet companies. Although Li Mu's instant messaging software, e-commerce platform, and payment platform also imitated the concept of the Western Internet, Li Mu's 3321, YY, and many other god-level product functions that intoxicated users, as well as product concepts such as Happy Farm and Paradise Town, were completely ahead of the Western world. Unexpectedly, now Li Mu had come up with a brand-new product concept — Movie Ticket Real-time Online Sales System!

This system was no longer just a simple connection between online and offline. Instead, it directly networked and digitized the offline portion, allowing the two to truly form a set of big systems that were connected to each other. Its implementation logic was exquisite, and in this era, it was enough to make all the people in the same industry admire it.

As for the people in the film and television industry, they were even more shocked!

Only then did they realize what a big, ridiculous mistake they had made!

Two days ago, they had laughed at the "self-service ticketing machine", but it turned out that its real function was so powerful!

Its real purpose was to support such a huge online ticketing system, and it was an extremely important part of it!

The emergence of the Mu Ying system made the entire film and television industry feel as if they were facing a formidable enemy!

Originally, everyone was in the same circle and played the game according to a set of rules. Suddenly, a new player appeared and messed up everyone's game. Not only did he not follow the established rules, but he also played by his own rules. How could the industry accept this?

For the cinema chain, this kind of subversion was a good thing. This was because opening up an online ticket sales channel was equivalent to adding another sales channel for their own seats. It could greatly improve sales efficiency, so why not?