Chapter 961

For the Skynet project, Li Mu's request for Lin Ching-ah was to collect all the surveillance equipment R&D and production companies in the country and hire a professional evaluation company to evaluate them one by one. It was important to have a deep understanding of each company's situation.

The requirements given to Fang Xudong were: First, he had to gain an in-depth understanding of the current technical situation in the industry. In terms of hardware, he had to see who had the best cameras, video compression cards, and hard disk recorders. In terms of software, he had to start looking at video coding protocols, compression protocols, and transmission protocols.

Li Mu's consideration for hardware and software technology was to take in any good companies. Anyway, this industry was at most in its infancy. No matter how good it would be in the future, it was still a group of losers struggling. With the current strength of Makino Technology, it was estimated that it would be a piece of cake to acquire any security surveillance company in the country now.

In addition to the company, there was another more important core, which was the core technology. Li Mu's request was: If there was good technology, they would buy it directly. If there was no good technology, they would develop it themselves. Makino Technology had its own set of excellent streaming media solutions. The technical team's R&D strength was still very strong.

At the same time, Li Mu also asked Fang Xudong to find a way to pay attention to laboratories and R&D institutions that had a strong influence in related fields in the world. Once Makino Technology started relevant R&D work, they could further improve their technical reserves through cooperative R&D or exclusive use.

In short, Li Mu's point was: To come up with a complete set of excellent solutions, in addition to not losing to others in every core point, they must at least be superior in one of the core points. This was not only the purpose of Li Mu's Skynet, but also the purpose of Li Mu's other hardware in the future.

Fang Xudong and Lin Ching-ah took the order and left. Although neither of them knew whether the security surveillance market in the future would really be as huge as Li Mu said, as long as Li Mu said it, they were willing to believe it. Even if the future was uncertain, they still believed it.

Li Mu believed that the security and surveillance industry's market share would grow. In the future, every city would have multiple sets of surveillance systems. The scale of the Skynet system alone could easily reach tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of cameras in a city. In addition, the surveillance of the traffic system was also a huge market, not to mention the financial industry that wanted to monitor all areas with 300% cross-coverage.

The video surveillance market had huge potential, and so did the responsibility. Therefore, Li Mu looked forward to Makino Technology's advantage in the surveillance market. Not only could it benefit the society, but it could also directly raise the entry threshold of the entire industry, so that those who might fish in troubled waters in this industry would back off.

Li Mu himself had a lot of lofty ambitions. It was just that when he was a coding farmer, he did not have the ability to help the world. He could only think about many big things, but he did not have the ability to put them into practice. Now that he had the ability, he hoped to do something that would contribute to society. After all, Li Mu not only hoped to make money, but also hoped to leave something that could really benefit the people in society.

Doing things with a strong sense of social responsibility could bring a stronger sense of achievement to Li Mu, especially when he could benefit the society and make money. In this way, not only could he achieve his goals and fulfill his ambitions, but he could also gain both fame and fortune in the end. This was the best situation for an entrepreneur.

The Skynet system was a good thing that could bring him fame and fortune. Once he could really come up with an awesome solution for the Skynet system, not only would it prove that he could win the government procurement, but it would also prove that he was in an absolute leading position in the entire industry. At that time, the Skynet surveillance line could become a "Dajiang" under his own banner. Moreover, the security and surveillance market was much larger than the civil drone market.

…

Staying in the office of Makino Technology, Liu Shixiong called Li Mu and teased him as soon as he spoke, "Did you hide in advance because you knew a lot of reporters would come today?

If you didn't come, Mr. Lei and I would have been annoyed to death by these reporters. "

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'm also a person who has seen big scenes. Why would I be afraid of reporters? I just wanted to meet with Old Fang and talk about the Skynet surveillance system."

Liu Shixiong asked in surprise, "Skynet surveillance system?

What kind of routine is it? "

Because Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo had been in charge of the Taobao network yesterday, they did not go to Pinggu with Li Mu to participate in the rescue operation of Wei Lan. Therefore, he did not know the whole story of the Skynet system.

Li Mu said to him, "The kidnapping of Wei Lan has made me a little worried about the security of the city. I want to have Makino Technology buy one or two companies that produce video surveillance hardware. Then, with the cooperation of the development team of Makino Technology, we can develop a high-quality solution for the city's surveillance system. In the future, most of the public areas in the city will be closely monitored 24 hours a day."

Liu Shixiong said in surprise, "The plan is so big. Are you going to do a government project?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "I haven't tried a government project yet. The government has given so much support to Makino Technology and Taobao network. It's time for us to share the burden and solve the difficulties of the government."

Liu Shixiong said in agreement, "That's why I always said that your vision is different from ours. I really admire you more and more. If you succeed in this project and it is adopted by the governments all over the country, it will be really significant!"

Li Mu laughed and said, "Don't flatter me. It won't be too late to flatter me after I get it done."

After that, Li Mu asked him, "Let's get down to business. What do you want?"

Liu Shixiong said, "I have a discussion with Mr. Lei at the celebration dinner tonight. We're going to give you a bigger incentive. What do you think?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "I don't have any objections. Everyone has completed such a big achievement together. It's only right to give incentives, and the more timely, the better."

In Li Mu's opinion, the most important quality of a leader was to be "willing to share profits". Once they conquered a city and won a war, they had to be rewarded according to their contributions, and the sooner the better. They wished that they could step on the enemy's corpses and share the profits with everyone before they had even cleaned up the enemy's corpses. Only in this way could they ensure the momentum of the entire team, or rather, the wolf's nature.

What was the wolf's nature?

Wolves who had eaten meat and knew that meat was delicious would risk their lives to eat meat. This was the wolf's nature!

Liu Shixiong said, "I originally wanted to wait for you to come over today for the three of us to have a chat, but you didn't come, so I called you to talk. The initial plan between the two of us is to take out ten million yuan to reward everyone for their outstanding performance in the 929 promotion."

Li Mu said, "Ten million yuan is not a problem. The key is how to distribute it.

This has to be as fair as possible. Don't let some of the employees be dissatisfied. "

Liu Shixiong said, "That's why we don't plan to set the standards according to the departments and ranks this time. We'll directly set it according to the employees' salaries. Right now, the average monthly salary of our entire company is more than four million yuan. Ten million yuan can increase everyone's salary by 2.2 months, so we might as well give everyone 2.2 times their monthly salary as a reward for this 929 promotion."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "There's no problem with this logic, but 2.2 times their monthly salary is a little small. If I were to say, we should directly give everyone three times their monthly salary as a bonus. Then, from next month onwards, the company will organize everyone to travel abroad."

Liu Shixiong was stunned. "Travel abroad?

That's a big deal? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right, travel abroad. However, it's not suitable to go too far. Travel is to relax, not to travel. Forget about countries that can easily take more than ten hours. Forget about those countries that need to be visited and played everywhere. Let's choose a tropical coastal country in Southeast Asia. It's best if we choose an island. Everyone will have a beach, blue sea, blue sky, and white clouds every day.

Other than playing, we'll sleep and completely relax! "After saying that, Li Mu instructed again," Since we're going out to play, everything has to be done in the most comfortable way. We have to plan for a longer time. Give everyone five days off, and then take a weekend before and after. This way, we'll have a total of nine days.

Liu Shixiong was speechless for a long time. After a long time, he sighed. "Oh my God, you're really rich and willful!

There are hundreds of people in the entire company. That's almost ten million yuan … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Our account has an additional 8.22 billion yuan deposited in one day. Let's not talk about how much this will increase the valuation of Taobao. Have you calculated the interest after this month's account period?"

Liu Shixiong smiled and said, "I have … That's a lot of money. It's probably a few hundred thousand yuan a day …"

Li Mu said, "That's right. Including the bonus and the trip, it's probably just interest money."

As of now, there were very few examples of Internet companies being generous to their employees. However, Li Mu had personally witnessed countless examples. After any startup company became successful, as long as the boss was not f * cked up, they could basically create a bunch of rich people. Chen Tianqiao's younger brother, Chen Danian, had given him a Tesla for the WIFI Master Key team. It was not that they were stupid or rich, but that the team had really created huge value for themselves. In the face of such huge value, tens of millions was really nothing.

Liu Shixiong did not express any more surprise at this time. He just said happily, "This time, I can also benefit from it."

After that, Liu Shixiong asked Li Mu again, "Where do you think is suitable to go?"

Li Mu thought about it and smiled. "I think the Maldives. We have about five hundred people, and we'll go in three waves. When the time comes, we'll directly rent an island. We'll find an island that can accommodate more than a hundred people and rent it for a month!"

The Maldives had been a hot topic on the Internet for so many years in his previous life. Every day, people said that if they did not go, it would disappear forever. This made Li Mu's heart itch. However, after 2010, he roughly understood that choosing an ordinary island to play on for four to five days would cost twenty to thirty thousand yuan per person. The cost was a little too high, so Li Mu had not gone himself.

It did not matter if he did not go in his previous life. In this life, he invited all five hundred people in the company. Li Zong was that domineering!

Liu Shixiong said over the phone, "The Maldives is a good place. Liangjing told me several times, but I never had the chance to bring her there. Li Zong, can we bring our family this time?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Sure, P6 and M6 and above can bring one family member. All the expenses will be reimbursed by the company!"

Liu Shixiong laughed. "Okay!

Then it's settled. At the celebration dinner tonight, as the CEO, you can personally announce it to everyone! "