Chapter 993

All the platforms held supplier meetings to maintain and stabilize the good cooperative relationship between themselves and their suppliers, and to improve their image and importance in the eyes of their suppliers.

Li Mu wanted to organize the "Individual Webmaster Meeting" in the name of the so-called Individual Webmaster Meeting and forum to gather all the powerful individual webmasters in the country to Yanjing. Then, he would show off to them and make them follow Taobao or even Makino Technology to make a fortune in the future. He would make them realize that if they followed him, they would have the opportunity to eat and drink well, marry fair, rich, and beautiful women, and reach the peak of their lives.

Li Mu had a love-hate relationship with the group of individual webmasters. In Hua Xia's initial stage of the Internet, more than 80% of the major websites and forums in the country were operated by individual webmasters.

The so-called individual webmasters were people who had some basic knowledge of the Internet. They suddenly had a brainwave and created a certain type of website on the Internet in their own name. Most of the individual websites lacked financial support, so they had to find more ingenious ways to obtain traffic. Therefore, a large number of vertical websites were born.

A webmaster who likes to save trouble when surfing the Internet may have created Hao123; a webmaster who likes to travel may have created a website where backpackers gather together; a webmaster who likes to read books may have gradually created a community similar to Douban; a webmaster who likes to drive cars may have created a home for cars;

The more people needed to use their brains, the more they could produce a situation where a hundred flowers bloomed. This was the case with individual webmasters now. Through their own hard work, they had indeed created many types of websites, and even business models. Therefore, Li Mu admired the diligence and innovation of individual webmasters.

However, individual webmasters were a mixed group of people. In order to obtain traffic, everyone's methods could be said to be more and more unscrupulous, even to the point of being unscrupulous.

Among them, there were a large number of individual websites. In the past, they relied on prohibited content to gather traffic. Pornographic pictures were almost the most prevalent method.

The fundamental reason why there were so many pirated websites was that the webmasters of these websites wanted to use pirated content to gain traffic, and then use the huge traffic attracted by piracy to cash in. Among them, there were many pirated websites that first used pirated content to gain traffic. When the traffic accumulated to a certain height, they changed to original work, using loopholes in the law and the inconvenience of law enforcement to successfully whitewash themselves.

This was the fundamental reason why Li Mu had a love-hate relationship with individual webmasters. Therefore, this time, Li Mu wanted to take the opportunity to give these individual webmasters some guidance, so that they could create a healthy and legal income under Taobao's new profit model.

That was also the fundamental reason why Li Mu's Taobao Alliance did not cooperate with any pirated or pornographic websites. Li Mu did not care about those websites that obtained traffic by breaking the law.

Everyone was discussing holding an individual webmaster conference, and Lei Jianguo was immediately full of interest. He asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what are you planning to do for the individual webmaster conference?"

Li Mu said, "First of all, the scale must be large. We will temporarily invite a thousand individual webmasters to attend the conference in Yanjing. At that time, I will also invite some capable guests to attend the conference and make it bigger. We will strive to make it the largest industry conference in the Internet industry in Hua Xia."

Lei Jianguo nodded and smiled. "A thousand people attending the conference. The cost is not small."

Li Mu smiled. "When I told Lin Ching-ah about the Makino Technology Farewell Conference, I mentioned a concept to her. That is: When a leading enterprise does something, it must have the supporting specifications of a leading enterprise. Taobao is the same as Makino Technology. Their influence in the industry is the top. Therefore, if we want to do such a big thing, we must do it to the extreme."

Then, Li Mu said, "How about this, let's first set a name. Let's call it: Taobao's First National Individual Webmaster Conference."

Lei Jianguo and Liu Shixiong nodded. "Okay!"

Li Mu said again, "The time is set to three days. In these three days, two days will be used for meetings, seminars, and speeches. The last day will be used for relaxation."

"No problem!"

Li Mu continued, "As for the specific implementation, first, choose a star-rated hotel that can accommodate a thousand people for lodging, dining, and meetings. Four or five stars are fine. Forget about three stars, it won't show your face."

"In addition, no matter where these one thousand people are, we will reimburse them for their travel expenses, meals, accommodation, group trips, and so on."

"Secondly, arrange for a day to bring these one thousand people on a group trip at the iconic scenic spots around Yan Jing."

"Also, find a manufacturer to customize a batch of souvenirs. For example: backpacks with our webmaster conference's name printed on it, travel sunhats, long-sleeved T-shirts, and so on."

Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo looked at each other. They could see the shock in each other's eyes.

Li Mu was really generous.

Just the cost of a thousand people's round-trip air tickets, train tickets, and meals and lodging in a five-star hotel for three days would cost at least three to four thousand per person. This didn't include the cost of the entire conference venue, activities, and guests and media fees. The entire budget of the conference was definitely more than five million.

However, Li Mu never cared about this. There was an old saying that went, "You can't catch a wolf without sacrificing a child." To him, this wasn't using a child to catch a wolf, but using a bun to catch a coolie. These individual webmasters might not seem to have much influence individually, but when a thousand of them gathered together, the power behind them was very terrifying. Just the traffic alone was enough to make people gasp in surprise.

Liu Shixiong and Lei Jianguo were also used to Li Mu's extravagant ways, so the two silently noted down all of Li Mu's requirements. After noting them down, Lei Jianguo said, "Then when exactly is our conference?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "The sooner, the better. So let's not set a time for today. Let's quickly arrange for people to check out the situation in the major hotels and choose a suitable venue. After the venue is chosen, the executive company is chosen, and the specific implementation plan for the conference is set, we can set the time and send invitations to these individual webmasters."

As he said this, Lei Jianguo thought for a moment and said, "No problem. I will immediately arrange for the first batch of Makino Technology employees to go to the United States on the 18th. That day happens to be a Friday. Let's avoid its influence and try to set the conference on the Friday of the next week. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday."

Lei Jianguo nodded and said, "No problem. I will immediately arrange for it. Let's move quickly."

Liu Shixiong asked again, "What do you think about the guests?"

Li Mu said, "This time, let's invite some domestic industry bosses to come and support us."

As he said this, Li Mu had a calm and confident smile on his face. He said jokingly, "Makino Technology and Taobao Network have been developing until now, but I have yet to see the bosses of these domestic companies in the same industry come to visit us. As the industry leaders, it's time to show off."

…

On the day before the "Taobao Alliance" officially went online, Li Mu personally went to the airport to see off Lin Ching-ah.

As the first core management sent by Makino Technology to the United States, Lin Ching-ah's mission to the United States was very important, and it also meant a lot to Makino Technology.

When Lin Ching-ah went to the United States, Li Mu didn't hold a public farewell ceremony. Instead, he sent Lin Ching-ah and her small team to the airport with several core management members. The whole process was very low-key. Everyone said goodbye at the airport. After wishing each other well, they watched Lin Ching-ah leave.

On the way back from the airport, Ding Zhenglin revealed some good news to Li Mu. The founder of Guang An Surveillance, a Shenzhen surveillance equipment manufacturer that he wanted to bring into Makino Vision in the future, had preliminarily agreed to sell it.

The company's market valuation was only about 88 million yuan. Although it had a small reputation in the security surveillance industry, it had been struggling on the verge of death. Therefore, when Ding Zhenglin raised the premium price to 95 million yuan, the company's founder and shareholder team decided to withdraw collectively.

They had struggled in the mud for too long. A company with a valuation of nearly 100 million yuan, after deducting all expenses, could only get a few million yuan in actual profits each year. The founder and several shareholders split the profits, and each person ended up with only a little money.

This feeling was as awkward as guarding a house worth tens of millions of yuan, but could only earn half a million yuan in rent every year. A company had to support a large number of people, and it was not like a house that could increase in value just by sitting there. Therefore, in this case, most owners were willing to pay in cash to make money.

Ding Zhenglin said that he had not further in-depth contact with the other party yet, but the possibility of signing the contract at 95 million yuan was very high. If they wanted to lower the price, they would have to wait a little longer. There should be at least 3 million yuan floating down.

Li Mu waved his hand. 3 million yuan was not worth waiting any longer. Now was the time to seize control of the territory, and any delay could lead to heavy losses. Therefore, in the case of money or business, he would always choose business first.

Li Mu entrusted Ding Zhenglin with a task. As for Makino Vision, once the company was registered and the money was in his account, he would first complete the merger agreement with Hikvision. After the merger was completed, he would take Zhong Xinhua to Shenzhen to negotiate with the people from Guang An Surveillance.

As for the negotiation process, aside from the problem of money, all the focus was on the handover of the company's hardware and software, as well as the comfort of the company's employees.

As long as Guang An Surveillance was successfully merged into Makino Vision, Li Mu would immediately spend a sum of money to rent an office space and build a research and development laboratory in Shenzhen. He would then trick Zhong Xinhua and the other experts from Hikvision to go to Shenzhen.

After the whole process was smooth, Li Mu entrusted everything to Ding Zhenglin. After that, he immediately focused all his energy on the "Taobao Alliance."

The Taobao Alliance was of great significance to Li Mu. Not only did it promote the development of Taobao, but it was also a milestone. The Taobao Alliance would be an income generating channel that he would officially open to his peers. It would even be a better, open platform for traffic realization. From the moment it was launched, it meant that he would no longer be alone in the Hua Xia Internet industry. He would have to form his own club and open the door to recruit more people!

…