Chapter 243

After he was done with the script, Li Mu specifically went to have a meal with Chen Wan. His sister had started working at the Yanjing TV Station since Monday, but he had not had the time to ask her how she felt about working and living in Yanjing.

The two of them made an appointment at a Chuanyu hotpot restaurant. The original appointment was at seven o 'clock, but Li Mu arrived at the place at six forty. Then, he received a call from Chen Wan, apologizing that she suddenly had to work overtime and might have to wait for a while.

Li Mu said, "It's okay, you do your thing. I have nothing to do anyway, so I'll wait for you here."

After that, Li Mu waited for a full hour and a half.

At ten past eight, Chen Wan, who was exhausted, rushed over. She sat in front of Li Mu and said with a face full of guilt, "You must be anxious after waiting for so long, right?

I'm really sorry, I didn't expect to suddenly be asked to work overtime. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "Why are you treating me like an outsider? Even if I waited until twelve, you don't have to apologize to me."

Chen Wan's heart warmed. She stood up slightly and reached out to grab Li Mu's hair. With a bit of doting, she said, "I knew that you're the best in the world."

Li Mu slightly stretched his head towards her and let her gently grab his hair. He smiled and said, "Sister, you're flattering me a bit too much. How do you feel working these two days?"

"Work …" Chen Wan suddenly felt a bit melancholy. She pouted and thought for a moment, then said, "It's okay, but it's busier than I thought."

Li Mu asked her, "What are you busy with?"

Chen Wan said, "When I was interviewed, they said that I would be the assistant host of a variety show, but I'll probably have to wait for a while before I can appear on screen. Right now, I'm mainly training and being the assistant to the host."

"What kind of assistant?"

Chen Wan said, "I'll be the assistant for both work and life. In any case, I'll do whatever I'm told to do. I'll be the assistant, I'll run errands, and I'll also be the one buying coffee and afternoon tea."

Li Mu frowned. "So f * cked up?

How the f * cking hell is this what an assistant host should do? "

Chen Wan smiled and said, "I'm an intern, so it doesn't matter where I am. Besides, the position of assistant host is actually quite popular. I didn't expect that I would be chosen in the end. Since I have to learn and gain experience for a period of time, then I'll just have to work a bit harder. I'll be fine after this period of time."

When Li Mu saw that she was so open-minded, he nodded his head lightly. Interns were indeed more miserable. No matter what industry they were in, they could not avoid all kinds of demands. This kind of thing was normal for anyone. However, Li Mu still felt a little sorry for Chen Wan. She was an innocent and pure Ms. Perfect. She had come all the way to a city with no connections and no foundation to develop her career. If she were to suffer any more grievances, he would not be able to accept it.

Therefore, Li Mu gently reminded her, "Although interns have to work a little harder, you also have to have some self-protection. Naturally, you have to do what you have to do, and you have to learn to resist what you shouldn't do. Don't be too cautious just because of a job as an assistant host."

Chen Wan's eyes narrowed slightly, and her face was brimming with a different kind of happiness. She smiled and said, "Bad boy, you haven't even finished your first year of university, and you're already educating me."

As she said that, Chen Wan smacked her lips and said, "However, some people are really rich now. I'm just a newcomer to Beijing, so I really need to rely on him to protect me."

Li Mu patted his chest and said, "Don't worry, in this city, you have me for everything."

Chen Wan's exhaustion disappeared in an instant after hearing what Li Mu said.

…

Before leaving Beijing, Li Mu found a representative company that he had been working with and prepared to register a shell company. The company's name would be Makino Image. Although the name also had the word "Makino" in it, this company had nothing to do with Makino Technology in terms of capital.

Makino Image's position was in the field of television, film production, and other cultural fields. However, it was just an empty shell at the beginning, and Li Mu didn't really intend to put his energy into film and entertainment. It was just that this time, he was going to film "Old Boys," so he needed a company to sign contracts with various parties. Other than the filming team, he also needed a sponsor for the micro film.

Because he was sure that this micro film would definitely become popular, Li Mu decided to let Tieba be the main sponsor. Other than Tieba, there were many other fields that could be used to attract investors, such as clothing, beverages, mobile phones, and even bicycles, cars, and so on. With Simple Plan, a brand that was currently very popular, Li Mu didn't have to worry about the problem of sponsors. The initial filming cost was set at two million. As the main sponsor of Tieba, he could directly get a sponsorship agreement from Makino Technology, which could provide a sponsorship fee of three to five hundred thousand. Then, he could license the online broadcasting rights of "Old Boys" to the Easy Listening Network.

As for the remaining investors, Li Mu didn't care at all. He went back and signed the contract with the four people from Simple Plan. After getting the contract, he would spread the news on Tieba and the Easy Listening Network. He didn't have to worry about people coming to visit.

This week's trip to Haizhou for financial aid was a little bigger than usual. Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue also went back with the student aid team from No. 3321. Dong Ai booked the plane tickets for Friday afternoon in advance and arranged for a car to send and pick them up.

Before the last class on Friday ended, Li Mu received a text message from Zhao Ziqiu. "I heard that you're going back to your hometown this weekend for financial aid?"

Li Mu's fingers moved quickly. "Yeah, I'll be leaving in a bit."

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "I wanted to go with you guys after I heard about it, but my dad is coming over this week."

Li Mu asked, "He's coming to see you?

It seems like your parents just came over not too long ago. "

Zhao Ziqiu said, "My dad came over to discuss some matters and came to see me. It's so annoying. I still want to go out for a walk. It would be great if I could go to your hometown to take a look."

Li Mu replied, "You should spend time with your family first. There will be plenty of opportunities in the future."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "But I haven't seen you for a few days."

"You weren't there when I went to see Yanan's mother."

"Then why didn't you come to Beijing University to see me?

It's not that far anyway! "

"Wait for me to come back. I'll treat you to dinner next week, okay?"

"You said it. Don't go back on your word."

"Don't worry. I'll keep my word."

"That's more like it. Remember to tell me when you land."

"Okay!"

The flight was a little past seven. When the class ended at five-thirty, Li Mu carried his backpack and walked out of the academic building. He met up with Su Yingxue at the entrance of another academic building.

Su Yingxue pulled a suitcase to board the plane. Girls needed to bring more things with them when they went out. Plus, she was going to stay at home for three nights.

The guys from Dorm 606 also arrived one after another. Dong Ai also brought the three girls to meet up with everyone. Since the plane tickets were booked by Dong Ai, she already knew that Su Yingxue would go with them. When she saw Su Yingxue, she even took the initiative to greet Su Yingxue. The two of them got along quite well.

A minibus was already waiting outside the school. Li Mu called Zhao Kang at the same time and asked him where he was. Zhao Kang replied, "I'll be at the school entrance in five minutes."

Li Mu said he would see him later. Just as he hung up the phone, the class tutor caught up to him, panting.

"Li Mu!

Where are you going to study this week? "

Looking at the breathless class tutor, Li Mu said, "Haizhou, what's wrong?"

The class tutor hurriedly asked, "Are you coming back next Monday?"

Li Mu nodded. "I'll be there on Monday night. It won't affect the class on Tuesday."

The class tutor quickly waved his hand. "No, no, I just received a notice from the school leader. The leader of the ministry will come to the National People's Congress for an inspection next Monday. The dean asked me to pass on the instruction from the school leader. You must be at school on Monday morning."

Li Mu frowned. "Our donation ceremony is on Monday. How can I make it back in time?"

The class tutor said, "Oh, then don't go. Just let Dong Ai lead the team. Isn't it always like this?"

Li Mu said, "Boss is going to Haizhou this time. I'm from Haizhou!"

The class tutor was stunned and said awkwardly, "Look, the secretary from the ministry just informed the school leader."

Li Mu asked him, "Can you ask the leader of the ministry to change the time to Tuesday? Everyone will be back on Tuesday."

The class tutor looked at Li Mu awkwardly. "It's not up to us to decide!

The leader of the ministry is informing us, not discussing with us. You'd better put the matter of study aside. There will be many opportunities for you and 3321 to study in the future. It's not easy for the leader of the ministry to come … "

As for the reports of 3321 in the major media, Li Mu had gone from looking forward to it at the beginning to feeling numb. 3321 was now famous and had reached his highest expectations. Therefore, in this case, he was not very interested in the inspection of the ministry leader. In contrast, he preferred to do a real study in his hometown.

However, when Li Mu saw the nervous look on the class tutor's face, he also understood that it was not appropriate for him to not show up on Monday.

After thinking for a while, Li Mu said with some regret, "Okay, I'll come back on Sunday night."

The class tutor's face lit up. "That's great!

You're not allowed to stand me up! "

Li Mu nodded. "Don't worry."

The class tutor heaved a sigh of relief and said, "Then I wish you all the best!"

After saying goodbye to the class tutor, Li Mu felt a little resentful. Su Yingxue comforted him in a low voice and said, "Don't be unhappy. How about I come back with you on Sunday night?"

Li Mu smiled. "I'm not unhappy. I'm just a little regretful. Didn't you say you would come back on Monday? Isn't it good to stay at home for one more day?"

Su Yingxue pouted and said, "I didn't want to miss class on Monday in the first place. You were the one who encouraged me, so I agreed. Now that you want to come back on Sunday night, I'm more than happy. I can come back with you so you won't be too lonely. I won't miss class on Monday either."

Li Mu saw that she was sincere and his heart warmed. He nodded slightly and said to Dong Ai, "Senior Sister Dong, please help us change our plane tickets."