Chapter 1480

Ever since Larry Page sat down on the grass by the shore, Li Mu's mood became exceptionally good.

The fishing float didn't seem to move at all, but Li Mu knew that he had caught a big fish. That big fish was Larry Page and Google behind him.

Larry Page also didn't expect that he could only sit on the grass and watch Li Mu fishing after traveling halfway around the world in a dusty way.

What was more depressing was that Li Mu didn't really come here to fish, but to shoot a show. This meant that even if he waited for him to finish fishing, he might not have time to talk business with him.

He heard that Li Mu was going to stay here tonight. What should he do?

There were no hotels or guesthouses here, and he couldn't possibly sleep in the wilderness, right?

Thinking of this, Larry Page sighed. He felt wronged and humiliated.

Of course, he felt depressed and humiliated. As an IT talent at the forefront of the world, Larry Page had never been treated like this before.

However, even if he had never been treated like this before, he still had to suffer today.

After all, he was Li Mu's father. If Google was a tiger, then it was just an immature cub today, while Makino Technology was a hunter with a gun. In front of Makino Technology, he had no substantial ability to resist.

After traveling for so long, Larry Page was really thirsty, hungry, and tired. However, he came in a hurry this time, so he only carried a backpack, a laptop, two pairs of underwear, and a T-shirt. At this moment, he was so hungry that he didn't even have anything to eat.

Forget about food, he didn't even have anything to drink.

Logically speaking, he was also a guest who came from afar to look for Li Mu. Couldn't the staff of the show be kind enough to give him a bottle of water?

Today's temperature was just over 30 degrees, and it was easy for people to get thirsty and lack of water outdoors. The staff on the shore all had iced drinks to drink, but he could only sit here and watch while swallowing his saliva. It felt so miserable.

Li Mu and Peng Yuyan fished on the kayak for two whole hours.

In the past two hours, the two of them had quite a good harvest. They had caught seven or eight crucian carps, most of which were very long. In addition, there were also two grass carps that were not small, which were estimated to be around one and a half to two catties. The rest of the fish were all kinds of small fish, which were basically thrown back into the water after they were caught.

Peng Yuyan's fishing skills were obviously better than Li Mu's. When Li Mu fished with his father when he was a child or even a teenager, he used a traditional long fishing rod. He stood on the shore and held the rod or set it up. However, the fishing gear prepared by the show crew was a sea fishing rod, which Li Mu had never used before. He wasn't very used to it at first, so 70% of today's catch was due to Peng Yuyan's efforts.

Two hours later, the two of them rowed back to the shore with their harvest. Larry Page, who was so thirsty that smoke was coming out of his throat, hurriedly got up and went to the dock. However, before he could get there, a few filming crews were already in place. Larry Page didn't even have a chance to get close to them. Moreover, with such a big crew filming the show, Larry Page didn't want to disturb them.

After getting off the boat, Li Mu took the fishing gear, while Peng Yuyan carried the box full of fish. As they walked, he said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Mr. Huang can make these two grass carps into pancakes, and these Crucian Carps can be used to make Crucian Carp soup. Mr. Huang is really good at making Crucian Carp soup. I've tasted it once, and it's so delicious!"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "These fish are all wild, and there's no pollution. The meat quality should be very good."

As they were talking, Li Mu caught a glimpse of Larry Page, who was standing behind the filming crew with a conflicted look on his face. He said to the director next to the camera, "Director Xu, please find a place for Mr. Page to rest for a while. I'll send the fish back and help them clean them up before going to look for him."

Larry Page didn't understand the Chinese that Li Mu spoke, but when he heard Li Mu mention his surname, he finally felt relieved. He thought to himself, Has Li Mu finally remembered who he is?

At this time, the director of the show came to Larry Page and said to him in English, "Mr. Page, Mr. Lee's program hasn't finished recording yet. He asked me to arrange for you to rest for a while, and he'll come to meet you later."

Larry Page let out a long sigh of relief and said sincerely, "Thank you. I'm tired and thirsty now, and I really need to rest for a while."

The director nodded and said, "We have a place for our staff to rest. You can go there and rest for a while. There's water for you to drink. I'll ask them to order some fast food for you tonight."

Larry Page hurriedly thanked them. "Thank you so much!"

"You're welcome." The director smiled and asked him, "Mr. Page, are you going back to the city?

If you are, you need to get to the town before 4: 30. The last bus to the city leaves at 4: 40. If you miss this bus, it will be very troublesome to go back to the city at night. There are almost no taxis in the town. "

"4: 30 …" Larry Page looked at the time. It was already 3 o 'clock. If he had to go to the town at 4: 30, how could he make it in time to talk to Li Mu?

If he couldn't go back to the city, would he really have to find a place to sleep in the countryside?

That would be too miserable …

However, Larry Page could only grit his teeth and insist. He said to the director, "I have something very important to discuss with Mr. Li Mu, so I may not go back today."

After saying that, Larry Page really wanted to ask if he could find a place for him to stay, so that he could avoid sleeping on the streets.

At this time, the director said, "Since Mr. Page is not going back, then I will arrange for you to stay in our staff dormitory. However, the conditions are a little difficult, so you may have to bear with it."

When Larry Page heard this, he said happily, "No, no. I am very grateful that you can find a bed for me!"

…

When Li Mu and Peng Yuyan returned to the Mushroom Hut and began to kill the fish, Larry Page finally drank water. After gulping down two bottles of purified water, he sat on a folding stool in the lounge of the program crew. His mind was full of how to talk to Li Mu later and how to ensure that Li Mu could accept the plan he brought this time. If he still couldn't solve the problem this time, he was afraid that he would have suffered for nothing.

In the Mushroom Hut, Li Mu did not have the airs of a billionaire at all. He cooperated with Peng Yuyan and killed all the fish. After removing the internal organs and scales, they came out of the Mushroom Hut and asked the director of the program crew, "Where is Larry Page now?"

"In the staff lounge, in another small courtyard that we bought."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Arrange someone to bring him here. Tell him that I can meet him now."

The director hurriedly said, "Then I will tell him now."

After that, the director took out the walkie-talkie and shouted. Immediately, an assistant took the initiative to take the job and invited Larry Page to the door of the Mushroom Hut.

Seeing Larry Page, Li Mu did not say much. He just glanced at him lightly. Seeing that he looked tired, he deliberately said, "Mr. Page, there are many people here. Let's walk around and talk while walking."

Larry Page hurriedly nodded and followed Li Mu to the direction of the vegetable field. Li Mu did not speak, and Larry Page did not dare to take the initiative to break the silence, so he could only silently follow beside Li Mu.

Without the camera crew following them, the two soon had a chance to talk alone. Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Mr. Page, why did you suddenly come to Hua Xia?"

Larry Page thought to himself, How can you not know why I am here?

But on the surface, he could only smile and say, "Li Zong, this time, I came to Hua Xia mainly to meet you and talk about the cooperation …"

Li Mu turned his head and looked at him strangely. He asked, "Didn't the cooperation negotiations already shut down?

What is there to talk about between us? "

Larry Page said awkwardly, "Mr. Li, it's like this. Previously, our shareholders couldn't reach a consensus. That's why we couldn't accept your conditions in time. During this period, we have been communicating with each other. Everyone thinks that they would like to have an outstanding shareholder like you to go down the path of development with us. That's why I'm here today to talk to you. If you are still interested in Google, are you still willing to invest in Google?

We can give you 20% of the shares this time. "

Li Mu heard this and shook his head without hesitation. He said to Larry Page, "Page, there is an old saying in Hua Xia, 'If you miss this village, there will be no more shops.' I was indeed interested in investing in Google before, but you have not figured out your actual position. Now, you come to ask me to invest in Google again, but I am no longer interested. You should know that I set up a search company with Baidu. The company is registered in Silicon Valley, and it is called Muye & Larry Page. His heart skipped a beat, but he said," I have heard of this company, but I feel that investing in Google at a low price is still a very good investment opportunity for you. "

Li Mu asked him, "Are you willing to let me invest in Google without any additional conditions?

In other words, you are willing to sell me 20% of the shares at a low price, and I will only pay money and nothing else? "

Larry Page's expression was very awkward.

The reason why he was willing to sell his shares to Li Mu at a low price was to get Li Mu's resources and Li Mu's promise not to invest in search engines for five years. If not, what is the point of just letting Li Mu invest in Google?

Li Mu saw that Larry Page did not say anything, so he smiled and said, "You see, this is what happened. In the previous stage, our two companies indeed have complementary needs. But now, this balance has been broken. I don't need Google's shares now, and this is the most important thing."

Larry Page was extremely depressed. This was a deal that could have been completed at 15%, but why did it end up like this? Taking out 20%, and the other party didn't even bother to look at it. Everyone, including himself, was so stupid …

Larry Page calmed himself down and continued to try his best. "Li Zong, if you have any comments on the valuation, we can discuss further."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "Larry, since you came all the way here, I won't beat around the bush with you. To be honest, if you still want me to invest in Google, I can tell you clearly that you can forget about it. It's impossible!

Let's talk about every stage. Investing in Google is the previous stage. If you want to talk to me now, don't talk about investing in Google. "

Larry Page looked at Li Mu and asked, "Then what do we talk about?"