Chapter 727

In the office, Kong Lingyu, Ding Zhenglin, and Lin Ching-ah took turns to report on the progress of their work.

Kong Lingyu's recent efforts were focused on the development of Happy Farm in multiple languages and the development of the YY mailbox, especially Happy Farm. Li Mu saw it as the vanguard of YY's globalization. It was especially important to Li Mu whether this game could attract the love of overseas users.

"Currently, the English, Spanish, Japanese, and German versions have been completed. The French, Italian, Arabic, and other languages are still being translated. It should be completed within a week."

Li Mu nodded and said, "English, Spanish, Japanese, and German should be able to cover a considerable portion of the population. Most of the countries using it are developed countries, and the proportion of Internet users is also high. I think we can start our first phase of promotion. The first country for the first phase will be the United States."

Kong Lingyu said, "Boss, our colleagues in the business and investment side have already registered corporate shells wholly owned by Makino Technology in many countries. Are we going to promote the game alone, or promote it together with YY?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "If we promote the game alone, YY is a social software. The cost of social software users changing their products is too high, and the conversion rate will not be high if we promote it blindly. It is not suitable to promote it overseas for the time being. In addition, users in Europe and the United States will definitely have a certain degree of resistance to software from China, especially social software. It is very difficult to get them to give up on MSN and ICQ, and it will be even more difficult to get them to give up on these two software and switch to software from Hua Xia. Therefore, we cannot give them too much psychological pressure at the beginning. We will use a pure game to attract their attention."

The three of them were a little confused. Kong Lingyu asked, "Will the users in the United States be resistant to Hua Xia's local software?"

That is to say, almost all the standards and rules related to computers, the Internet, and the Internet are also developed and exported to the world by them. At this time, if a developing country wants to export software to them, in most cases, it will be very difficult to do so. "Li Mu said with certainty," Of course there is. Because for the American Internet market, they are the exporter of software, industry standards, and solutions. In other words, almost all the standards and rules related to computers, the Internet, and the Internet are set by them. Most of the Internet products and business models are also developed by them and exported to the world.

As he said this, Li Mu thought of his own technology expert, Fang Xudong. He hurriedly asked Lin Ching-ah, "Is Xudong at Makino Technology today?"

"He is." Lin Ching-ah said, "The R&D team for several big projects are all working here."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Get Xudong here. Among all of us here, no one knows the American Internet market better than him."

Fang Xudong was quickly found. When Li Mu repeated Kong Lingyu's question to him, he answered very firmly, "The American Internet market is too exclusive. It's not just Hua Xia. There are very few Internet products from other countries that can gain a foothold in the American market."

After a pause, Fang Xudong said, "Right now, the Internet products and models of Hua Xia and other countries in the world are basically all from the United States. Putting aside the hardware, in terms of software products, the United States has exported Windows, OS, Linux, and other computer operating systems to the world. At the same time, it has exported the fundamental core product, the Internet."

Li Mu also agreed with what Fang Xudong said.

It was not that he admired the United States. The key was that the United States was indeed the creator of the Internet industry, as well as the creator of industry standards and business models.

Whether it was instant messaging, social communication, e-commerce, search engines, or even all kinds of functional software, almost all of them were first born in the United States and then gradually exported to the world. Finally, local Internet companies would carry out local optimization on the original basis. In this context, now, and even in the next ten years, there was not a single Hua Xia software product that could really affect the American users. The only impact was that a large number of Hua Xia Internet companies were listed on NASDAQ.

WeChat developed so well in the future, but if you really looked at it on a global scale, when it expanded overseas, there were already very strong competitors in the overseas market. The overseas market in the same field had always been divided into two. WhatsApp and Facebook-Messenger were the two hegemons of the world. WeChat was so powerful and had such a complete ecosystem. It could not even be pushed in the third world, let alone the developed countries.

Therefore, Li Mu did not dare to directly push YY out now. If he blindly pushed YY to the developed market without sufficient preparation, as long as YY received a cold reception at the beginning, it would be even more difficult to do it in the later stage. Even if YY's product was much better than MSN and ICQ, it would be useless. If the first round was cold, before they were ready for the second round, the local competitors would improve on it. Once the other local competitors caught up in the functions, it would be even more impossible for YY to make a comeback.

What's more, the nature of instant messaging software was sensitive. For users in the American market, an instant messaging software from Hua Xia would instinctively feel that it was not as reliable as using local software. If they directly pushed YY, the conversion rate would be ridiculously low.

Kong Lingyu asked Li Mu, "Boss, do you mean to use Happy Farm to accumulate users first, then migrate the users to YY, just like when we competed with QQ?"

Li Mu said, "Yes and no. The overseas market is more complicated. Our scope of control is lower than the domestic market. It is far from enough to just use Happy Farm to raise users. What I'm thinking is to hide our strength and bide our time. First, we'll target the business and elites in the overseas market and develop some functions for them that they just need."

Kong Lingyu asked subconsciously, "Are you talking about tools like Foxmail?"

When Kong Lingyu mentioned Foxmail, Li Mu's eyes lit up. He slammed the table and blurted out, "That's right!

It's like Foxmail, but it's definitely not a standalone tool. We'll integrate it into one of our future versions of YY. "

Foxmail could be said to be the only tool that Hua Xia truly had a large number of users around the world. There were a few essential factors that contributed to the success of this software.

First, the product was really awesome. The overall software was light and portable. For users who needed to send and receive emails, such a software could bring great convenience to them. Users could spread word of mouth, and it could save a lot of effort for marketing and promotion.

Secondly, this product was very targeted. Most ordinary users were not its target audience. From the beginning, it was targeted at vertical Internet professionals and business people who often used the Internet to work. However, it was precisely such a highly vertical product that it could cultivate highly loyal users. Ordinary users would not log into their mailbox or send an email once in a few months, but vertical users might send and receive several or even dozens of emails every day. The latter's loyalty was beyond imagination.

Finally, Foxmail's name was good. Such a software could be thrown into overseas application markets and download websites. Users would not see it as a software from Hua Xia at all. It could minimize users' vigilance and increase conversion rates.

Compared to Foxmail, WeChat's English name was Wechat. Because it was also a product created by Zhang Xiaolong, the name of WeChat's English version was very much in line with Zhang Xiaolong's style. However, the difference between WeChat and Foxmail was that WeChat's user base was too broad. There was no real vertical users in the overseas market. The only vertical overseas users were probably those who often contacted Hua Xia's people. They would become WeChat users because they needed it, but they would only position WeChat as a vertical tool to "specifically chat with Hua Xia's people." They would not really treat it as their main social communication software. This was very awkward.

Li Mu hid his WeChat and talked about his views on Foxmail with the others. Kong Lingyu and Fang Xudong, the two real Internet technicians, agreed with Li Mu's analysis. Although Lin Ching-ah and Ding Zhenglin did not really understand, they still felt that what Li Mu said made sense.

After that, Li Mu revealed his real strategy.

"Let's start with Happy Farm first. To really push YY out, we need to start with business people and medium and deep Internet users. In other words, we need to integrate some functions that cater to these special groups of users in our products. First, we need to get this group of users, then combine it with our farm, games, and other ecological products to poach shallow Internet users."

Fang Xudong asked subconsciously, "Li Zong, what product functions did you prepare for business people and medium and deep Internet users?"

Li Mu said, "A few. The first is the group audio and video call function. In the future, business people and group users will definitely have a strong demand for this function. Your solution has basically been developed, right?"

Fang Xudong nodded. "Basically. Our solution can ensure that the quality of the audio and video call does not deteriorate. At the same time, the bandwidth usage will be reduced by 3-40%. At the same time, the stability will be greatly improved. It should not be a big problem to deal with group audio and video calls. This technology should be the best solution in the industry."

Li Mu said, "Okay, the second is the file transfer function. First, our file transfer protocol needs to be fast, stable, and support interrupted transmission. If the acquisition of FlashGet is completed, we can build it into a built-in function so that it can better support file upload, download, and interrupted transmission."

Ding Zhenglin hurriedly said, "I have almost communicated with Hou Yantang. I will report the specific details to you later. The success rate of the acquisition is more than 90%."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "That's great. However, FlashGet can only solve half of this requirement. For the file transfer function, I have another requirement — offline transfer."

"Offline transfer?"