Chapter 819

It was six o 'clock in the evening when Li Mu picked up Chen Wan.

He chose to formally discuss the cooperation of the four plots of land with Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan from Jinling the next day. In order to show how much he valued Chen Wan, he deliberately chose to treat her and her father, Chen Yuan, to dinner that night.

Treating someone in private meant that he valued them more. This small gesture from Li Mu made Chen Yuan especially excited.

The three of them came to Beijing this time to enter the Yanjing market with Li Mu's help. To the three of them, Li Mu was a high and mighty resource provider. To be able to obtain the corresponding resources from Li Mu was already a dream for them. Moreover, Chen Yuan relied on Zhang Zicheng to survive. Whether it was status or financial strength, he was worlds apart from Li Mu. Chen Yuan had just arrived in Beijing when Li Mu wanted to treat him in private. This made Chen Yuan feel extremely flattered.

Because Li Mu had previously told Chen Wan that this dinner was private, Chen Yuan wasn't sure of Li Mu's intentions, so he didn't tell Zhang Zicheng and Ye Youdao beforehand. At quarter past six, Chen Yuan received a call from Chen Wan. He used meeting a friend as an excuse and left the hotel first. When he reached the entrance, Li Mu had already driven to the hotel.

Chen Wan was originally sitting in the front passenger seat, but she had already moved to the back seat. Just as Chen Yuan exited the hotel, Chen Wan hurriedly opened the car door and waved at him. She said, "Dad, over here!"

When Chen Yuan saw Chen Wan wearing a mask in the car, he couldn't help but run two steps faster and get into Li Mu's car. Just as he sat in the car, Chen Yuan said to Li Mu, who turned around, "Hello, Li Zong. This is the first time we've met, please take care of me."

As he spoke, Chen Yuan subconsciously raised his arm and reached out to Li Mu through the seat.

When Li Mu saw that Chen Yuan actually had a face full of respect for him, he thought to himself, Chen Wan is sitting right behind me. As an elder, how can I take it when you're being so courteous to me? As a result, he hastily shook Chen Yuan's hand with both of his hands and said in a flattered manner, "Uncle, please don't be so courteous. Just call me Li Mu or Little Li."

Chen Wan was initially embarrassed by her father's actions, but when she saw Li Mu's reaction, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Although she felt that her father's tone and attitude were a little humble, she understood very well in her heart. People who had been doing business for many years, compared to nouveau riche, were usually very low-key and polite. They would be especially polite to people of the same level as them, but when facing people of a higher level than them, their attitude would naturally be more humble. This was also a habit that her father had developed over the years.

If it wasn't for his relationship with Chen Wan, even if Chen Yuan was older than Li Mu by 30 years, it was understandable for him to address Li Mu as "Sir." Age didn't equate to status. Everything in the business world still depended on one's ability.

Chen Yuan didn't expect that Li Mu would be so easygoing. Not only did he address him as Uncle and "Sir," he even addressed himself as Little Li. How was this something a millionaire with a net worth of tens of billions would say?

Just when Chen Yuan didn't know how to answer, Chen Wan, who was beside him, hastily said, "Dad, I've known Li Mu since last June. We're very close. You don't have to be so courteous with each other. You can just treat him as my good friend."

Li Mu also hastily added, "That's right, Uncle Chen. I've known Lil Wan for a long time. I even met Zhang Kexuan and the others through Lil Wan. So you don't have to be so courteous with me."

Chen Yuan always didn't know how his daughter knew Li Mu. He always thought that his daughter knew Li Mu through Zhang Kexuan and the others. Now that he heard that even Zhang Kexuan and the others were introduced to Li Mu by his daughter, it seemed that he and his daughter had known each other for a long time.

Thinking of this, Chen Yuan's heart relaxed. At the same time, he couldn't help but feel happy.

He had just met Li Mu, and he was already so courteous. This was the best sign.

Then, Chen Yuan said cheerfully, "I didn't know that you guys knew each other so long ago."

As Li Mu started the car, he said with a smile, "At that time, I had just graduated from high school and was on my way to the college entrance examination. My bike broke down, so Lil Wan drove me to the examination hall. If it wasn't for her, how could I have gotten into the National People's Congress?"

When Chen Wan heard this, her pretty face instantly turned red. Li Mu's ability to lie through his teeth was really extraordinary. She was the one who knocked him out with her car, but from his mouth, she became the one who helped him. It would be strange if she didn't blush due to her guilty conscience.

Chen Yuan didn't know that Li Mu was lying. After hearing it, he looked at Chen Wan with a face full of surprise. "Is that so?

Why haven't I heard you mention it before? "

Chen Wan combed her bangs in a panic and said hesitantly, "I don't even remember it myself …"

Chen Yuan looked at Chen Wan's flustered look and shook his head helplessly. He thought to himself, if you had told me earlier that you knew Li Mu and that you were so familiar with him, our family might have been able to get in touch with him a long time ago. Li Mu's ability was so great, and after Song Liang got in touch with him, it was like flying up a branch and turning into a phoenix. It was an extremely huge change. Not to mention that he was envious, even Ye Youdao was full of admiration when he mentioned it!

However, Chen Yuan thought to himself, although he didn't touch Li Mu's light, his daughter was able to become a first-line host in the country. This was almost all thanks to Li Mu. Otherwise, even with his ability, he could only find some connections to send her to Nansu Satellite TV. He definitely didn't have the strength to send her to Yanjing Satellite TV, and it was even more impossible to let her be the only female host in the most popular variety show of Xiangnan Satellite TV. Only Li Mu had this ability.

From this, it could be seen that the relationship between his daughter and Li Mu must be good enough. Otherwise, it would be impossible for Li Mu to be so attentive to her.

After thinking about this, Chen Yuan was in a particularly good mood. Although he was also worth more than 100 million, at the moment, sitting in the back row of Li Mu's G55, he also had a kind of Ah Q spirit. He was secretly proud of himself. Not only was he sitting in the car of a billionaire, but the person driving was the billionaire himself. This kind of treatment was difficult for ordinary people to enjoy, and it was enough for him to be happy alone.

Today, Li Mu chose a very high-end Beijing restaurant in Yanjing. It was said to be mainly Beijing cuisine, but the real selling point was the Swallow Wing Abalone, which was the favorite of local tycoons. Li Mu rarely came to this kind of place to eat, but thinking that Chen Yuan was in the real estate business, he must be more used to this kind of taste, so he asked someone to book the most luxurious box here.

In this restaurant, the waiters were specially trained and screened. No matter how famous people came to eat here, they would not make a sigh, and even stare at the guest's face for more than a second. This was what Li Mu and Chen Wan wanted. Both of them were very famous, and they were used to the situation of being stared at without wearing a mask. Eating here, without that kind of extra attention, made both of them feel more relaxed.

When ordering, Li Mu deliberately asked Chen Yuan if he wanted a drink or two. Chen Yuan's alcohol tolerance was very good, and he was a bit addicted to alcohol. Originally, he wanted to ask Li Mu if he wanted a drink or two, but after thinking about it, he felt that it was inappropriate for him to say this. If Li Mu did not like to drink, he would seem abrupt, so he didn't mention the matter of alcohol.

However, after hearing Li Mu's question, his eyes immediately flashed with the desire for alcohol, and he asked Li Mu in a probing manner, "Li Zong, you're driving. Is it convenient for you to drink?"

Li Mu didn't answer his question, and instead said, "When we're talking business tomorrow, you can call me Li Zong, and I'll call you President Chen. There's no problem at all, but we're meeting in private today, so don't call me that. You can just call me Li Mu, or Little Li."

This was the second time that Li Mu made this suggestion, and Chen Yuan knew that he didn't need to maintain the politeness and respect from before, so he nodded and said, "Okay!

Li Mu, do you want a drink or two? "

Li Mu smiled slightly, glanced at Chen Wan, and said, "It's our first time meeting, and it's our first time eating. If I let you drink alone, then I'll be too inconsiderate. How about this, I'll drink with you, and I'll let Little Wan drive when we leave later."

Hearing Li Mu talk like this, and how he called her Little Wan, Chen Wan was especially happy. She even felt a sense of happiness inside and out. She smiled sweetly and said, "Okay, I'll drive the two of you back later. You guys drink a little, but don't drink too much."

Chen Yuan nodded and said straightforwardly, "How about this, Li Mu, let's get half a catty each. Is that okay?"

Li Mu's alcohol tolerance wasn't very good, but half a catty of white wine wasn't a problem, so he also said straightforwardly, "Okay, then give me half a catty of Wuliangye."

At this time, Chen Wan couldn't help but say, "Dad, you have a good alcohol tolerance, so you should drink more and let Li Mu drink less."

Chen Yuan's eyebrows couldn't help but twitch. When Chen Wan said this, her tone, and the way she inadvertently glanced at Li Mu made him feel that it was very unusual. He was someone who had experienced it before, and just from this small detail, he could tell that his precious daughter had some feelings for Li Mu. However, when he looked at Li Mu again, it was difficult to capture the same expression.

Chen Yuan was a little surprised, but he suppressed it well and said with a smile, "Okay, I'll drink more later!"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Uncle, don't listen to her. It's my first time drinking, so how can I let you drink for me? We agreed that we'll each take half. Later, I'll let the waiter use the wine divider to divide it. We won't drink more, so half a catty each."

Chen Yuan smiled and nodded, "Okay, half a catty each."

Chen Wan, who was at the side, was helpless, but she didn't insist.

When eating here, everyone had a beautiful waitress behind them. However, after Li Mu asked Chen Yuan and Chen Wan to order, and after he ordered a few more things, he let the waitress leave. After that, there were only three people in the large private room, so it felt a little spacious. However, they could chat more casually.

When the cold dishes were served, the waitress also opened the wine. After dividing it between the two of them, she left. Li Mu poured a small glass of white wine for himself. He held the glass with one hand and held the bottom of the glass with the other. He said to Chen Yuan, "Uncle Chen, this is the first time we've met. Let me give you a toast first."

Chen Yuan hurriedly raised his glass as well. He subconsciously wanted to say some polite words, but when the words reached his mouth, he changed it at the last moment, "Thank you for specially treating us. Let's drink!"

Li Mu nodded, raised his glass, and drank it. As soon as the glass was put down, Li Mu immediately went straight to the point. He looked at Chen Yuan and said, "Uncle Chen, do you have any requests for the cooperation between Wan Ying and the three families?"

…