Chapter 348

Li Mu had a background in technology and had worked on products before, so he knew very well what kind of impact a great technology would have on a product or an enterprise. For example, Tengxun's CTO, Zhang Zhidong, under his leadership, QQ's core architecture was still used from millions of users to hundreds of millions of users. Another example was Ali's system's abnormal ability to withstand pressure during the Double 11 event. Another example was WeChat, which processed tens of billions of messages every day. The number of visits to WeChat Moments alone reached a terrifying level of billions. It was difficult for Li Mu to develop such a huge system that easily served hundreds of millions of people. Even if he led a team to develop it, he would probably be left in the dust.

A genius in a certain field relied on outstanding talent and talent. Li Mu was just an ordinary technician in his previous life. Even if he was reborn in this life and had so many years of advanced experience, it was still impossible for him to become a god-level technician. At present, this disadvantage had not been revealed because of the development of the Internet. If one day he had to develop a framework to support tens of millions of people visiting, chatting, sending pictures, video calls, and file transfers, then he would definitely fail because of the lack of technical support.

Therefore, now that he had money in hand, it was important to win over more technical experts.

Lin Ching-ah also heard Li Mu's urgent request in this regard, and immediately found a number of headhunting companies to cooperate with, frantically searching for suitable candidates in the industry.

Li Mu spent a day explaining the company's matters to the core leadership, led by Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah. In the evening, he left Makino Technology. Su Yingxue called Li Mu and told Li Mu that she had already made an appointment with her aunt and uncle. They were free tomorrow night, and as for where to eat, it was up to Li Mu.

Li Mu asked her, "What do aunt and uncle like to eat?"

Lin Qingya smiled and said, "It seems like the two of you don't really care about food, so don't make it too grand. Just find a restaurant that's not too shabby."

Li Mu agreed, but in his heart, he thought, 'They don't care about food, but I can't. This is the first time I'm treating Su Yingxue's family to a meal, I must perform well.'

Therefore, Li Mu thought of Hui Ka Ming. This guy knows how to enjoy life, and he should know which restaurants in Beijing are better than me.

Over the phone, when Hui Ka Ming heard that Li Mu was going to treat his girlfriend's family, he immediately said, "My friend opened a western restaurant, it's definitely the best in Beijing. I'll give him a call and ask him to reserve the best place for you. You can go there tomorrow, and put the bill on my tab."

Li Mu did not stand on ceremony on the phone, "Li Mu of you." Li Mu of Li Mu said that on the phone.

I'll book the place first, and I'll pay for the meal tomorrow.

Hui Ka Ming booked the place quickly and sent the address to Li Mu. Li Mu then forwarded it to Su Yingxue, and the time for dinner was set at seven o 'clock.

Su Yingxue did not know what kind of restaurant it was, so she forwarded it to her aunt without thinking much, but Su Yuehua was shocked.

"Fayue Restaurant …" Su Yuehua, who just got off work and sat in the old bus, said in surprise, "Yingxue's boyfriend is going to treat us to dinner at Fayue Restaurant tomorrow night."

"Fayue Restaurant?" Wang Shaohua said in surprise, "A meal there costs more than five digits?

I heard that the restaurant was opened by a very rich second generation. It is rarely open to the public. Usually, it only serves the second and third generation in Yan Jing. It is said that the chef and waiters are specially invited from France, and all the ingredients and drinks are flown in from abroad. It's very luxurious. "

Su Yuehua nodded, "I heard that the red wine there costs more than a hundred thousand yuan. It's so expensive. I'd better tell Yingxue to change the place. Even if he can make money, he can't afford to spend so much money."

Wang Shaohua also agreed, "It's too luxurious. It's not necessary."

Su Yuehua called Su Yingxue and said euphemistically that Fayue Restaurant was a little too luxurious, so it was better to let Li Mu eat at another place. She and Wang Shaohua mainly wanted to see Li Mu, get to know this young man, and see what he was like. As for what to eat, it didn't matter.

Su Yingxue quickly contacted Li Mu and conveyed her aunt's words to him. Li Mu didn't want to be too casual, so he lied that Fayue Restaurant was opened by a friend, and the internal price was actually very favorable.

Through Su Yingxue's words several times, Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua finally gave up the idea of letting Li Mu change the restaurant.

However, Su Yuehua was also a little surprised. She asked Wang Shaohua, "You just said that Fayue Restaurant only serves those second and third generation who have a great background?"

Wang Shaohua nodded, "Basically, they put a very delicate menu on a shelf at the door, and the prices of the dishes are very eye-catching. Ordinary people will hardly go in after seeing it. I heard that a good steak can sell for thousands of yuan."

Su Yuehua frowned and said, "How much beef can you buy with thousands of yuan?

It should be at least a hundred and eighty kilograms! "

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "I heard that the beef is shipped from Japan, but I don't know exactly where it is good."

As he said this, Wang Shaohua said, "That Li Mu has quite a lot of friends. Could it be that he has plunged into the circle of those second generation in Yanjing?"

Su Yuehua said, "Which of those second generation doesn't have tens of billions of assets? Li Mu just came to Yanjing not long ago, how could he know people in that circle?"

Wang Shaohua said with a smile, "I don't know, but his 3321 is very powerful. If it is used for profit one day, it can make at least tens of millions of yuan a year. However, he announced that 3321 is a non-profit organization and used all the profits for student aid. This courage is really extraordinary."

Su Yuehua smiled faintly and said, "That's what you said. I can't wait to meet him. If he really is a young man with outstanding abilities and is sincere towards Ying Xue, then I won't oppose the two of them dating."

Wang Shaohua said, "You're quite open-minded."

Su Yuehua waved her hand and said, "It's not that I'm open-minded. There are a lot of capable men now, but there are very few who can be captured by women. If Yingxue really found a good man for herself, why should I object?"

Wang Shaohua nodded, "That's true."

…

The next afternoon, after all the classes were over, Li Mu waited for Su Yingxue at the door of her classroom. Su Yingxue followed her classmates out of the classroom. When she saw Li Mu, she walked up to him and asked him with a smile, "Why are you here?"

Li Mu said, "I was waiting for you to finish class, and then we'll go eat together."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I wanted to call you and ask you to meet at the school gate."

Li Mu said, "I just slipped out of the classroom, so I came a few minutes earlier to wait for you."

Su Yingxue smiled and naturally linked her hands with Li Mu's arm. The two walked out of the school building side by side.

"It's almost the final exam, have you reviewed your homework?" On the way out of school, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu.

"No …" Li Mu smiled, "It's okay, I don't have to take the exam. I can pass all the subjects."

Su Yingxue shook her head helplessly and smiled, "In the whole school, you're probably the only one who has this privilege, but you can't be too careless with your studies. Other than being busy outside, you have to take some time out to study."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's not that I don't go to class at all, I still study a little."

Su Yingxue smiled and didn't say anything else.

It was only 6: 30 pm when they arrived at the Fayue Restaurant recommended by Hui Ka Ming. Li Mu and Su Yingxue parked the car and walked to the door of the restaurant. A tall and beautiful white European woman came up to them and asked Li Mu in standard Mandarin, "Hello, sir, do you have a reservation?"

Li Mu nodded, "Yes."

The woman took out a small notebook and asked him politely, "May I know the name of the person who made the reservation?"

Li Mu told her his name, thinking that if Hui Ka Ming did not make the reservation under his name, it would be the same if he told her his name.

However, as soon as Li Mu said his name, before the woman could react, the door of the restaurant opened from the inside. Hui Ka Ming walked out with a young man whom Li Mu had never seen before. He said with a smile, "Li Mu, why did you come so early? I thought you would arrive at about 6: 50 pm."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I came early today on purpose because I was afraid that I would be late because of the traffic jam. By the way, why are you here?"

Hui Ka Ming said, "Isn't this a restaurant opened by a friend? I often come here."

As he spoke, Hui Ka Ming put his arm around the young man beside him and said to Li Mu, "Come on, let me introduce you. This is Li Tong, nicknamed Lao Er. He's my good buddy."

Then, Hui Ka Ming said to Li Tong, "Lao Er, this is Li Mu, whom I mentioned to you before. He's also my buddy."

Li Tong shook hands with Li Mu politely and said with a smile, "Hello, Li Mu. It's a pleasure to meet you. I've heard Jiaming mention you several times and I've always wanted to get to know you."

Li Mu said, "You're too polite. I'm sorry to disturb you today."

Li Tong waved his hand and said, "There's nothing to be sorry about. Come and support me. I can't ask for more."

Li Mu then introduced Su Yingxue to them and said, "Let me introduce you to my girlfriend, Su Yingxue."

Su Yingxue nodded to them. Hui Ka Ming said with a smile, "You're so lucky to have such a beautiful sister-in-law."

Li Tong said, "Come on, let's not stand outside. Come in and have a seat."

After the four of them entered the restaurant, Li Mu glanced around and was amazed by the environment here. The decoration, furnishings, and atmosphere of the whole restaurant were basically the same as those high-end western restaurants that Westerners had seen in European and American movies. The overall lighting was dim, and there were exquisite candlesticks on every table. The atmosphere was very good. There was also a violin band composed of three people. At this time, they were playing melodious classical music in front of a table of couples.

Li Mu was a country bumpkin. He had never eaten in such a high-end restaurant before. When he first came in, he was even a little uncomfortable. Li Tong said, "Let's go straight to the second floor. I've reserved the best table for four people on the second floor by the window for you."

Li Mu said, "Thank you so much, Li Tong. You are so considerate."