Chapter 111

Xue Jianfeng also came to register alone. After the six of them finished comparing their ages, he took out a pack of General cigarettes from his pocket and distributed them to the six of them. However, this was Renmin University after all. Other than Xue Jianfeng, only Sun Jian and Li Mu smoked in the room.

Xue Jianfeng said that whenever he had time, he would be brought along by his family. He sat in the driver's seat all day and inhaled second-hand smoke. He started smoking even before he entered high school.

As for Sun Jian, it was said that he was depressed about his failure in the college entrance examination last year.

Li Mu smoked because he learned to play rock and roll in his previous life. He failed and became a coder, so he couldn't live without cigarettes.

In this life, Li Mu rarely smoked, but sometimes when he was in a good or bad mood, he would smoke one or two. Today, Xue Jianfeng happened to pass him a cigarette, so he lit one.

While chatting, Li Mu learned that the oldest, Sun Jian, was also from Nansu Province. However, he was from Yang City, which was a little far away. The second oldest, Xue Jianfeng, was from Qilu Province. He was ranked third, and the fourth oldest, Hu Zhengdao, was from northern Shaanxi. The fifth oldest was Li Yawei, a native of Yanjing. The youngest, Liu Nian, was from Guangxi.

After introducing where they were from, everyone began to ask about each other's relationship status. In the end, five out of the six of them were single. Only Li Yawei had a girlfriend from high school. According to him, his girlfriend was also from Yanjing and had entered the Chinese Department of Yanjing University this year.

After knowing that he was the only one with a girlfriend, Li Yawei smiled lewdly. "Brothers, who else is a virgin?"

The five of them looked at each other. The youngest, Liu Nian, took off his glasses. His tanned face was flushed. "I am …"

Li Yawei smiled. "Liu Nian is the most honest. What about the four of you?

Sun Jian, you're the eldest. Why don't you set an example? "

Sun Jian quickly changed the topic. "That … It's getting late. How about this? Let's have lunch together and drink a few bottles of beer. There's nothing going on in the afternoon anyway!"

Li Yawei said, "Why don't we not drink at noon? My girlfriend's school reported yesterday. I heard that there are six people in their dorm, and one of them is a beauty. Why don't we go to Beijing University to have a meal with them and get to know each other? What do you think?"

"A girl from Beijing University?" Other than Li Mu, the other four people's eyes lit up.

He had long heard that people from male and female dormitories often got together to play in the university. In fact, to put it bluntly, it was a legitimate cross-dating session.

Usually, a certain guy from a certain male dormitory would get together with a certain girl from a certain female dormitory. Then, everyone would gather their dormitory mates together to eat, drink, and have fun together. Among the men and women, there would be as many couples as possible. This kind of phenomenon was extremely common on university campuses. Apart from that, there were also gatherings of fellow townsmen and club activities. Almost all of them were disguised as blind dates.

Hu Zhengdao slapped his thigh. "That's great, Yawei. I've long been envious of this kind of indulgence, no, healthy, and progressive activity after school!"

Sun Jian raised his eyebrows and asked with a wretched expression, "Are the girls from Beijing University's Chinese Language Department pretty?"

Li Yawei laughed. "Whether they are pretty or not, we'll only know when we see them!"

With that said, Li Yawei added, "But I have to make it clear in advance. There are six of us guys, and we're looking for six girls for a get-together. We can't let the girls join us for the first meal, so the six of us will go dutch. What do you think?"

"Okay!"

Those who were deeply attracted to the girls from Beijing University's Chinese Language Department immediately nodded in agreement. Li Yawei saw that only Old Six, Liu Nian, and Old Three, Li Mu, did not say anything, so she asked curiously, "What's wrong, Li Mu, Liu Nian, aren't you guys interested?"

Li Mu shrugged and smiled. "If you guys are interested, I can't let you guys down. I'll go with you guys."

Li Yawei nodded. "That's good. What about Old Six?"

Liu Nian said hesitantly, "I won't go. It's really inconvenient …"

Li Yawei said with dissatisfaction, "What's inconvenient about it? It's just a social gathering. We'll eat together, chat, and improve our relationship."

Liu Nian's eyes were a little evasive, and he didn't know what to say.

Li Mu saw that Liu Nian was dressed plainly and looked like he had something to hide. He guessed that he might be a little short on money, so he walked up and patted Liu Nian's shoulder. "Since it's a group activity, if you don't have anything to do, don't fall behind."

Then, Li Mu whispered in Liu Nian's ear, "If it's a problem with money, don't worry about it. I'll pay for you."

Liu Nian hurriedly said, "Third Brother, I'm not … I'm just …"

It's not just, and he didn't say why.

Li Mu patted him. "Okay, it's settled."

…

Since they were going to have a social gathering with the girls of Beijing University that night, Dorm 606, which was originally going to have a lunch gathering, was a lot more low-key. The six of them went to the West Cafeteria and each bought an ordinary meal. They sat around the table and finished their first meal together.

As the big brother in the dorm, Sun Jian took out his own money to buy six cans of beer. He insisted that they couldn't go without beer at their first meeting, so they put six cans together and officially started their university life.

After lunch, Li Mu and four other dorm mates from other cities went to apply for a new phone card. Li Mu went to the mobile business office and randomly chose a number. He charged 500 yuan and stuffed it into his phone. He then sent a group message to the people in his contact list. "I'm Li Mu. This is my new phone number in Yanjing."

Then, Li Mu answered the phone for more than half an hour.

His parents called to ask how he felt about the university. Li Mu said it was very good. The university was big and stylish, and the dorm had everything. His roommates were all very friendly. In short, everything was great.

Chen Wan asked if there were many beautiful girls in the university and if he missed her. Li Mu said he missed her so much that he almost regretted going back to the university in Shanghai. He didn't expect Chen Wan to accuse him of being glib.

Su Yingxue asked him where he was. He said he was in the first building of the fourth courtyard and asked Li Mu to have dinner together. Li Mu said his new roommates had already made appointments, so it was inappropriate if he didn't go. So, he made an appointment with Su Yingxue tomorrow.

Zhao Kang said, "You're so fast. I didn't have time to change my phone number. Our school is really terrible. It's broken." Li Mu said it was broken. He was here to make money anyway.

The four people with a simple plan also called to greet each other. Four of their songs were now on the national charts. Many TV stations invited them to do programs. Li Mu instructed them to accept the invitation of several first-tier TV stations.

In addition to these people, Song Liang also called. He didn't ask about their well-being. Instead, he brought a piece of news to Li Mu. Guo Lin's wife, Xue Guilan, was arrested. Now, she was being tried together with Guo Lin's case. The key evidence had almost been sorted out. It was difficult for the couple to escape prison.

Li Mu was very satisfied with the result. However, he was also wondering why Song Liang specifically called him to tell him about this.

Was it because he knew that he had a dispute with Guo Lin's family? Or did he know that he had been secretly messing with Guo Lin?

Li Mu felt that with Song Liang's eyesight, coupled with the fact that he was the mastermind behind the simple plan, he should be able to guess that he was the mastermind behind Wu Dong and Guo Lin's case.

Li Mu didn't think too much about it. Song Liang was a friend, not an enemy. Moreover, this friend of his was more cautious and thoughtful than him. Even if he guessed it, it wouldn't be a problem for him.

In a good mood, Li Mu spent the afternoon shopping in the supermarkets outside and inside the school. After buying all kinds of daily necessities, he went out to buy a few sets of clothes.

In the evening, under Li Yawei's lead, dorm 606 walked from Renmin University to the south gate of Swallow Capital University. In a private room of a restaurant near the south gate, six guys from Renmin University met up with six girls from Swallow Capital University.

Li Yawei kept saying that there was a great beauty in the other dorm. After they met, Li Mu realized that two of the six could be called great beauties. One was Li Yawei's girlfriend, and the other was a 1.72 meters tall girl with long legs.

"Brothers, this is my girlfriend, Han Xiaoxiao." Li Yawei hugged the tall and beautiful Han Xiaoxiao with a face full of pride.

In Li Mu's eyes, although Han Xiaoxiao couldn't compare to Chen Wan and Su Yingxue, she could be considered a goddess. Li Yawei's looks weren't bad, but beside Han Xiaoxiao, she seemed like a burden. The dorm mates called Han Xiaoxiao a beautiful flower stuck in cow dung. Li Yawei said disdainfully, "My wife isn't as shallow as you guys. She likes me, not my looks."

Hu Zhengdao curled his lips. "As if your face has nothing to do with you …"

Han Xiaoxiao had a cheerful personality. Seeing her boyfriend being teased by her new dorm mates, she didn't care at all. She even helped to add insult to injury. "Li Yawei's looks aren't that outstanding, but he has a sweet mouth. He spent his three years in high school learning how to coax girls. Later, your dorm mates must help me keep a close eye on him. Don't let him hook up with girls in school."

Sun Jian patted his chest. "Don't worry, sister-in-law. If he dares to mess around in front of us, we'll help you take care of him!"

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly thanked Sun Jian and then began to introduce the five girls in her dorm to everyone.

The other people in Dorm 606 all had their attention on the long-legged beauty. Her facial features were exquisite, and she had an elegant temperament. Her body was slim, but her bust was quite spectacular. She was better than Han Xiaoxiao in every aspect. Even a calm old man like Li Mu couldn't help but be surprised by her looks, temperament, and figure. They could be said to be exquisite.

Han Xiaoxiao introduced the long-legged, big-breasted beauty to everyone. Her name was Zhao Ziqiu, and she was from Zhe Province.

Li Mu and the other dorm mates were the same. After remembering Zhao Ziqiu's name, they didn't really remember the names of the other four girls.

Han Xiaoxiao was a local Yan Jing girl. She was carefree and passionate. At the dinner table for twelve people, she played the role of stirring up the atmosphere. Not long after, Dorm 606 and Yan Jing University's female dorm were already chatting happily. After a few bottles of beer, the other four guys in Dorm 606 gradually let go of their courage and chatted excitedly with the girls opposite them.

Ten out of the twelve people chatted non-stop. The atmosphere in the private room was quite lively. The people who were immersed in the conversation didn't notice that there were two people at the dinner table who didn't speak much. One of them was Li Mu from Dorm 606, and the other was Zhao Ziqiu from Yan Jing University's female dorm.

In terms of appearance, Li Mu was definitely the best in Dorm 606, and Zhao Ziqiu was also the number one goddess of the female dorm opposite them. Therefore, both of them received special attention from their dorm mates. The four brothers on Li Mu's side always liked to chat with Zhao Ziqiu. Zhao Ziqiu always had a faint smile on her face and would respond casually. However, she seemed to be overly calm, as if she wasn't immersed in the conversation at all.

As for Li Mu, quite a number of girls opposite him took the initiative to chat with him. However, the topics they talked about made him feel a little bored, so he didn't seem to be immersed in the conversation. Later, when the four brothers on his side saw that their goddess Zhao Ziqiu didn't like to talk, they changed their target and chatted with the other four girls opposite them. In this way, Zhao Ziqiu and Li Mu were liberated.

No one talked to Li Mu. Li Mu picked up his glass and drank a glass of cold beer. It was early September in Yan Jing, and the beer in the evening was definitely refreshing.

After drinking to his heart's content, Li Mu poured himself another glass. Just as he was about to pour himself a glass of beer, a woman's voice suddenly appeared in front of him. "Let's have a drink," she said.