Chapter 492

Chen Wan's first set of close-up shots not only conquered Li Mu, but also the tens of millions of viewers who were waiting in front of their televisions all over the country.

Countless men in front of their televisions felt the same as Li Mu. They were instantly overwhelmed by Chen Wan's close-up shots. It was rare to see a woman like her among the TV hosts. Whether it was visual, auditory, or emotional feelings, she was perfect and flawless.

After the first set of close-up shots of Chen Wan's appearance, the ratings continued to rise and reached 9.2%. It was three times higher than the average.

Zhou Sheng was extremely excited. He thought that this episode's ratings would double the average, but he didn't expect it to soar to such a high percentage.

Li Mu was also very excited. He raised his glass and said to Chen Wan, "Sis, your performance in this set of shots is really great. It's impeccable!"

Chen Wan's cheeks were slightly rosy. She raised her glass and asked Li Mu, "Is it as good as you say?"

After they clinked glasses, Li Mu drank half of the red wine in his glass and praised, "I've known you for so long, and I was already fascinated by you at that moment. It's not hard to imagine how amazing your performance was to the audience in front of their televisions."

When Chen Wan heard that Li Mu was fascinated by her, she was happy and encouraged.

On TV, after Chen Wan finished her self-introduction, He Wan stepped forward and pointed her fingers at Chen Wan. She said to the camera, "Today is Xiaowan's first appearance on our show, but I think the audience is already very familiar with her. I think the audience sitting here and the audience in front of their televisions have all seen a micro movie. Xiaowan made a cameo appearance in this movie …"

When He Wan said this, the camera panned to some of the audience in the audience. At this time, many of the audience were mouthing the words "Old Boy."

He Wan smiled and asked everyone, "Does everyone know the name of this micro movie that I'm talking about?"

The audience said in unison, "Yes!"

He Wan said, "Come, I'll count to 123. Everyone say the name of the movie together!

1 … 2 … 3! "

As soon as she said "3", the audience shouted, "Old Boy!"

At this moment, Li Xiang smiled and said, "Wow, everyone seems to have seen this movie before. Their answers are so uniform!"

Li Weijia said with a smile, "Sister Xiang, don't you know that when the micro movie" Old Boys "was replayed in our Xiangnan Satellite TV, it got 10% of the national ratings. It was the national ratings champion at that time!"

Li Xiang pretended to be dissatisfied and said, "Of course I know. Please, I'm also an employee of Xiangnan Satellite TV, okay? I just didn't expect that our audience friends here have also seen this movie."

He Wan smiled and said, "Li Xiang, you shouldn't be surprised that everyone has seen it. You should be surprised that everyone hasn't seen it. Although the movie" Old Boys "is only more than 40 minutes long, the discussion it has triggered has surpassed all the movies this year and in the past. It is unprecedentedly popular. Moreover, the theme song in this movie has also become the hottest song at present. Let's not talk about the simple plan" Old Boys "and" Fly Higher ". Just the two songs" That Year in a Hurry "and" In My Voice "have become a frequent guest at the top of the pop music list. There was even a period of time when these two songs took turns to sit at the top of the pop music list …"

Li Weijia interrupted and said, "By the way, when it comes to" Old Boys ", I think this micro movie is amazing. Not only did it make several popular songs popular, but it also made Du Wei and Xiaowan popular. Did you know that although Xiaowan only had two or three scenes in" Old Boys ", after the movie was broadcast, she gained hundreds of thousands of fans. To be honest, Xiaowan's fans on YY Tieba are nearly twice as many as mine …"

Li Xiang looked at Chen Wan at this time, "Then I have to take this opportunity to interview Xiaowan. Xiaowan, what kind of opportunity did you have to play the role of a host in this movie?"

Chen Wan pursed her lips slightly, thought for a moment, and said with a smile, "It's like this. Actually, I majored in broadcasting and hosting. When" Old Boys "was being filmed, I was interning at Yanjing Satellite TV. A friend introduced to me that there was a production crew that needed a host role and asked if I was willing to make a guest appearance. At that time, I felt that although I had never learned acting, I had studied broadcasting and hosting for so many years, it shouldn't be a problem for me to act as a host. So, with the mentality of helping my friend, I joined the cast of 'Old Boys'."

Li Xiang nodded and said with a face full of envy, "Xiaowan, did you know? Actually, I have always liked movies. There was also a director who invited me to make a guest appearance in two movies. It was about two or three years ago. I took on two movies and three TV series consecutively, but I didn't have your luck. None of the movies and TV series I made a guest appearance in were popular."

After saying that, Li Xiang covered her face with one hand, looking as if she had nothing left to live for.

At this time, Chen Wan asked in surprise, "Really?

Sister Xiang, tell me the names of the movies and TV series. I will definitely find a chance to watch them when I go back. "

Li Xiang hurriedly waved her hand and said, "Forget it, I'd better not embarrass myself here. Those movies and TV series probably won't be known even if I tell them now."

After saying this, Li Xiang changed the topic and said, "Let's talk about 'Old Boys'. In addition to Xiaowan's wonderful performance in it, what left a deep impression on everyone should be Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei, who played the roles of Zhang Xiaoshuai and Du Wei. After 'Old Boys' was broadcasted, Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei did not appear on any TV programs. As a result, a large number of netizens posted on the Internet, hoping to see the two of them on TV. I think the audience here today and the audience in front of the TV must be looking forward to seeing the two of them, right?"

The audience said in unison, "Looking forward to it!"

At this time, He Wan said, "In addition to the first episode of Xiaowan officially joining our 'Happy Camp', there is another very, very special thing. That is, a few of her good friends have also appeared on the stage of our 'Happy Camp' with her. As for who they are, we still have to let Xiaowan personally reveal it to everyone."

The close-up was given to Chen Wan again. Chen Wan smiled and said, "I have known a few of these good friends for a long time, and one of them is from the cast of 'Old Boys'. First, let me welcome my old friends — all the members of the band 'Simple Plan'."

As soon as she finished speaking, Zhang Kexuan ran out of the passageway on the stage with the other three members of the band. The four's cool appearance quickly attracted the screams of a large number of female audience members.

After the four members of 'Simple Plan' greeted everyone, Chen Wan said, "The next friend is a girl who is a few years younger than me. She is also Du Wei, who played the role of Du Jiayi in 'Old Boys'."

At this time, Du Wei, who was wearing blue jeans and a white T-shirt, walked out of the passageway. She waved her hands gently as she walked and greeted everyone, "Hello everyone, I am Du Wei."

The appearance of the four members of 'Simple Plan' and Du Wei immediately ignited the atmosphere of the scene and made the audience in front of the TV extremely excited.

With the appearance of the guests, the ratings of the show rose again, reaching 10.3%, surpassing the ratings of the previous rebroadcast of 'Old Boys'.

At this point, Li Mu and Chen Wan had already finished half of the dishes that she made. Chen Wan also realized that her cooking today was a bit of a failure, but Li Mu seemed to be enjoying it very much and kept eating.

After the guests appeared, the show was considered to have eased from the warm-up of the host to the actual show, which was the interview of the guests. In the past, such interviews were mainly done by He Wu and Li Xiang, with Li Weijia as support. However, in today's show, these three veteran hosts deliberately gave more opportunities to Chen Wan. Many topics that the audience was particularly interested in were asked by Chen Wan on behalf of the audience. The two popular main leads, Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei, were also very cooperative with Chen Wan's interview. Whatever they could answer, they did not hide anything, giving Chen Wan a precious opportunity to focus on her performance.

Chen Wan's performance was also very good. Her hosting style was relaxed, and her sense of rhythm was very good. From the beginning until now, there was not a single word or even a mistake in pronunciation.

At the end of the interview segment, He Wan said, "Next up is a commercial segment, and then it's our gaming segment. This time, our gaming segment has changed a lot compared to before. The biggest change is that we have added a new game brought by Xiaowan, and this new game will become the main game of our" Happy Camp "in the future. Let me tell everyone in advance that this game is very, very fun. The audience in front of the TV, please don't leave!

After the commercial, come back immediately! "

Immediately after that, the TV screen began to broadcast the commercial. Li Mu and Chen Wan had already finished a bottle of red wine. Chen Wan was a little tipsy, but she was very happy. Seeing that the wine was finished, she went to the kitchen to open another bottle. Li Mu saw this and asked her, "Still drinking?"

Chen Wan nodded and said, "I'm happy today, so drink more with me."

Li Mu did not refuse and said with a smile, "Today is indeed worth celebrating. After tomorrow, I'm afraid I won't be able to come over to eat and drink with you so casually."

Chen Wan could not help but ask him, "Why not?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "From tomorrow onwards, you will be a real public figure. Many people will like you and pay attention to you. The media reporters will also make you the focus of the news. At that time, who knows how many paparazzi will be lying in ambush at your door, waiting to take pictures of scandals related to you. At that time, how can I come to your house so casually?"

Chen Wan said, "What's so inconvenient about that? You are my brother."

Li Mu nodded and said, "What you said is true, but the paparazzi will not think so. They are the best at making groundless accusations."