Chapter 1785

The first drizzle in Shanghai slowed down the speed of the entire city's outdoor activities.

Traffic jams during peak hours lengthened, traffic speeds slowed down, and traffic accidents occurred frequently.

The riders of Hungry Man were not affected too much, because there was a small storage space under their seats. There was a light raincoat inside, as well as some medical supplies for debridement and bandaging.

Whenever it rained, the riders would put on Hungry Mike's raincoat and ride their electric scooters. They would continue to travel through the streets and alleys of the city.

However, the riders from Bull Takeout were not so lucky.

First of all, the platform did not have any emergency preparations. Hence, when it rained, the first thing the riders thought of was to take shelter from the rain. When the platform started sending out orders, many riders chose to reject them because they had not solved the problem of their raincoats.

After delaying the peak hour, the riders finally bought their own raincoats. However, a problem arose very quickly.

It was too tiring for the cyclists to work in the rain. Hence, when it started raining, the efficiency of the cyclists' deliveries was greatly reduced. Some of the cyclists even chose to reject orders for the entire day. To them, rather than working hard in the rain and not being able to meet Dixin's standards, they might as well take the opportunity to rest.

Hence, the rhythm that Bull Takeout had just started with great difficulty suddenly encountered a huge bottleneck.

To Bull Takeout, it was like building a relatively wide road. However, there was not much traffic in the beginning. Now that the traffic had increased, the road was damaged again. Half of the lanes were closed, causing the entire road to be congested. The car owners and passengers on the road were miserable.

Lu Yunhao initially thought that the rain would only last for one or two days. However, when he saw the weather forecast that it would rain for the next few days, he was on the verge of breaking down.

The next day, the rain became heavier, and the temperature dropped by four to five degrees.

Hungry Mike had prepared an unlimited supply of hot drinks for all the riders at the power station. This included hot coffee, hot soy milk, hot ginger tea, and hot chocolate. They could refresh themselves, ward off the cold, and replenish their sugar levels.

As for Bull Takeout, more than 70% of the cyclists stopped accepting orders for the day when they saw that the rain was heavier than the day before.

It wasn't their fault that they didn't have the spirit to endure hardships. The key was that in rainy weather, the bicycle delivery efficiency was very slow, and it consumed a lot of physical strength. Completing basic tasks was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. Rather than going out in the rain and pedaling for a day without earning any money, it was better not to go out.

Apart from that, the Red Bull Takeout's electric scooter delivery team did not have it easy either. The roads were congested on rainy days, and every order required more time, energy, and even the electric scooter's electricity. The overall delivery efficiency was also greatly affected.

Under the influence of many factors, on the second day of the rainy season, the order volume of Red Bull Takeout dropped by 65% compared to its peak. It was even worse than having its head cut in half.

On the third day, Lu Yunhao couldn't sleep at all.

He stood on the balcony of his rented apartment, watching the rapid rain in the night, praying that the weather would clear up tomorrow.

However, after daybreak, the rain showed no signs of slowing down.

On the contrary, compared to yesterday, it seemed to have grown stronger.

Lu Yunhao could no longer sit still.

A platform that had just been established had such a bad fate. He really couldn't accept it.

It was one thing to be attacked by Li Mu in all kinds of ways, but the key thing was that God didn't give him any food either. He had just gotten on the right track, but he was beaten back to his original state by this continuous rain.

No matter which platform it was, the less frequently the users used it, the less loyal it was. This was inevitable.

Now, the Red Bull Takeout's delivery process was severely restricted by the weather. For three consecutive days, the platform had been restricting the flow and orders. A large number of users couldn't order, and the already not very loyal users dropped even more.

Today, more than 80% of the bicycle riders gave up on accepting orders, and 35% of the electric scooter riders gave up on accepting orders.

The order volume of the Red Bull Takeout dropped further.

The heavy rain showed no signs of stopping.

On the fourth day, more than half of the bicycle riders asked to leave.

They didn't want to continue wasting their time like this, so they decided to find other jobs. At least, they didn't have to wait outside for the bicycle to run around every day.

Lu Yunhao had no choice but to increase the salary of the bicycle riders. He increased their daily base salary to about six to eighty yuan. Not only that, but he also lowered the original requirement of sixty yuan.

This way, the problem of the bicycle riders quitting was temporarily suppressed, but what followed was even more trouble.

First of all, the efficiency of the bicycle riders couldn't be increased. Moreover, it was the rainy season now, so their efficiency was even lower. But the efficiency was lower, and the money was higher. In this way, they would lose nearly ten yuan just from the delivery fee for each order. This was even scarier than burning money.

Secondly, the electric scooter riders had a lot of opinions. Why did they earn more when they delivered less?

Just because they had electric scooters?

Riding an electric scooter was also very tiring. Who knew how many trips they had to make every day to change the power station. This wasn't fair.

Lu Yunhao immediately asked his subordinates to appease the emotions of the electric scooter riders. No matter what, the electric scooter riders were the mainstay of the order delivery. No matter what, they couldn't be slacked off.

On the fifth day, the rain didn't stop.

The hundreds of electric scooter riders from Bull Take-Out suddenly resigned from the company. This caused Lu Yunhao to panic.

He didn't understand why there were so many resignations in the past two days. One moment, the bicycle riders were quitting en masse, and the next moment, the electric scooter riders were quitting en masse.

Zheng Chao immediately understood the situation and came back to tell Lu Yunhao, "Boss Lu, today, Hungry Mike launched a promotion in our coverage area. They said that they're hiring two thousand electric scooter riders in the city. Those who have experience as a food delivery rider will be given priority."

Lu Yunhao's face darkened, "They're hiring riders in our coverage area?"

"Yes!"

Zheng Chao said, "Not only are they paying well, but they also get a high commission. Furthermore, the electric scooters, insulated boxes, and even uniforms are all provided by Hungry Mike."

Zheng Chao continued, "Our electric scooter riders have a lot of opinions about our electric scooters and their logistics team. Especially since they deal with Hungry Mike's riders every day. After knowing about Hungry Mike's situation, they're very envious of them. They're especially envious of the performance of their electric scooters, as well as their logistics team and treatment. Now that Hungry Mike is hiring riders, all of them are tempted."

Zheng Chao was right. Bull Take-Out's riders were tempted.

They had always been envious of Hungry Mike's riders' super high treatment. Among them, they were most envious of Hungry Mike's electric scooters with lithium batteries.

Their own electric scooters had to change their batteries after a few trips. Not only was it torturous to change the batteries, but they also had to queue up. Every time they saw Hungry Mike's riders ride for half a day with one battery, and then change the batteries for half a day in less than ten minutes, they were envious to death.

Now that Hungry Sheep had suddenly announced that it was recruiting riders, they naturally had the chance to join Hungry Sheep.

Furthermore, their recruitment advertisement also said that those with experience as a food delivery rider would be given priority. Didn't that mean that their chances of joining Hungry Mike were higher?

Therefore, these Bull Take-Out's electric scooter riders all went to Hungry Mike to sign up. Within half a day, the number of people signing up had already exceeded 700.

After listening to Zheng Chao, Lu Yunhao was so angry that he smashed his phone.

He angrily scolded, "Hungry Mike said that those with experience as a food delivery rider would be given priority. Isn't this clearly going against us?

Other than them, there's only us in the market. They are obviously recruiting our riders! "

Zheng Chao nodded and said helplessly, "There's no other way, Mr. Lu. We can't keep these riders. They hate our electric scooters and our logistics system. Just Hungry Mike's electric scooters are enough to make them tempted."

Lu Yunhao gritted his teeth and said, "Li Mu is too ruthless. Just in Shanghai alone, he added 2000 riders. Does he really need so many people?"

Zheng Chao said seriously, "Mr. Lu, Hungry Mike doesn't lack money, technology, or products. Their priority right now is to quickly increase their market share. Therefore, it's reasonable for them to be enemies with us."

Lu Yunhao asked, "Then what about our rider team?

More than 700 people have resigned? "

Zheng Chao nodded and said, "They all resigned and clearly said that they won't come to work tomorrow."

Zheng Chao sighed and said, "We don't have any restrictions on these riders. If they want to work, they can do it. If they don't want to work, we can't do anything about it. If they want to jump ship, we can't do anything about it."

"Why?" Lu Yunhao scolded, "Why can't we do anything?

They are our employees. Logically speaking, they should completely obey us and even be controlled by us. Why are we the ones being controlled by them?

Zheng Chao blurted out, "If you look at the benefits of the riders alone, it's indeed a very good job. Even some university students who sit in the office don't get paid as much as the food delivery riders. But the problem now is that the entire industry is controlled by Li Mu. The industry standards are also set by Li Mu. We don't have any say at all."

The right to speak was the key to the competition between the two. This was also why Western technology companies loved to set standards in a certain field. Once they had the ability and status to set standards, they could force their competitors to follow their standards.

All the standards for the food delivery service were set by Li Mu. Even if Bill Gates came, he might not have the ability to snatch the say from Li Mu's hands.

Not to mention a mere Lu Yunhao.

The rainy season in Shanghai was very long, and the rainfall this year seemed to be much heavier than in previous years.

On the sixth day, Bull Takeout almost stopped operating.

Many days of continuous rain caused a lot of water to accumulate on the road. The entire city's drainage system was facing a huge challenge.

The price of food delivery for the bike riders was getting higher and higher. Although the salary was high, the riders were limited by their physical strength and ability.

To make matters worse, more than half of the scooter riders had left. The real mid-tier addresses on the platform were all poached by 'Hungry Men'.

Bull Takeout could only limit the flow and orders again, and the restrictions were much stronger than before …