Chapter 1746

In order to give Larry Page some benefits, Li Mu followed his usual practice and gave Google a relatively favorable investment term.

He said to Larry Page, "Larry, although I hold 60% of M&G's shares and you hold 40%, the investment ratio is 70% for me and 30% for you. Google only needs to pay 30% to enjoy 40% of the shares."

Larry Page knew that this was an extra reward from Li Mu. Maybe it was because Larry Page agreed to this matter very quickly.

Larry Page regretted it a little.

He regretted not that he agreed to cooperate too quickly, but that he should not have gone head-on with Li Mu in the first place.

After interacting with him for a long time, he knew that Li Mu was a person who could be persuaded by reason but not cowed by force.

If he wanted 10%, and Larry Page gave him 10%, he might be able to get back two or three%. However, if he wanted 10% and Larry Page refused to give him 10%, he might end up paying 30% or even 40%.

Also, this person was too strong. He was tough and soft, and Larry Page was no match for him. If he knew this was going to happen, he would not have gone head-on with him. He could have just compromised and cooperated with him.

However, what was done could not be undone. There was no way he could go back and start all over again.

Therefore, Larry Page did not stand on ceremony with Li Mu. He said seriously, "Thank you, Li Zong!"

Li Mu smiled and said calmly, "We're on the same side. You're welcome."

Suddenly, Larry Page felt like he had found an organization and a backer.

Some people might be able to become the richest man in the world if they were to carry everything on their own. However, if someone gave them a safe haven, they might not want to go any further.

At that moment, Larry Page's mind had undergone a huge change. He felt that it might not be a bad thing to work closely with Li Mu or even rely on him for development.

For example, Google's current valuation was much higher than before Li Mu invested in it.

At this time, Li Mu said to Larry Page, "Oh yeah, I suggest that we set up a new company immediately. Then, we can use the new company to discuss the acquisition of Keyhole. We don't need Google's help anymore."

Li Mu continued to explain. "Google is going to be listed soon. If there are rumors that we will be working with a new company before the listing, I believe it will be a great incentive to the market, and Google's share prices will rise rapidly after the listing."

Larry Page's eyes lit up.

What Li Mu said was the effect of building momentum.

Although he had a lot of experience in the Internet industry, he was not experienced enough in the capital, finance, and stock market.

Li Mu had been influenced by all kinds of news in his previous life, so he had a very clear understanding of the rules of capital.

Generally speaking, if a listed company suddenly reached a partnership with a larger company, even if they had just signed a contract, it would play a great role in pulling up the stock.

This was because the financial market was very sensitive to information and prospects. Once there was a piece of good news, the market's confidence would immediately increase, and the stock price would rise accordingly.

Just before Google was about to be listed, they suddenly released the news that they would be partnering with Makino Technology to set up a new company. Once this news was released, the market's pursuit of Google would be even stronger. This was the secret of hype.

Excited, Larry Page couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Boss Li, when do you think it's a good time for us to release this news to the public?"

Li Mu said, "Didn't you arrange a private gathering tomorrow night?

Why don't we make it public and invite a group of top media reporters? Then, both of us will tell the media about the partnership. This way, the credibility will not be questioned. "

Larry Page was excited when he heard that Li Mu was willing to tell the media about the partnership with Google.

This was something he did not even dare to ask for in the past.

Originally, if the gathering of some friends in the industry before the listing was made public, it would bring a better reputation to the company, especially when a big shot like Li Mu would also attend. As long as the public heard that Li Mu was going to attend, their confidence would increase a lot.

However, Larry Page was worried that Li Mu might not be willing to face the media for Google, so he made it a private gathering.

He did not expect Li Mu to take the initiative to make it public. This was really giving him face.

Thinking of this, Larry Page was even more certain of his judgment just now.

For a person like Li Mu, he had to obey him to get the most benefits!

…

The motorcade arrived at Manhattan, the heart of New York.

Google had specially booked a presidential suite in a top star hotel for Li Mu.

Manhattan was the center of New York and also the most expensive place in New York.

It was extremely prosperous and was known as a paradise for the rich. Wall Street and Broadway were all here, and every inch of land was extremely expensive.

Here, a hundred-square-meter apartment was more expensive than a thousand-square-meter villa in the suburbs.

Here, a top-notch mega-apartment could be worth tens of millions of USD or even hundreds of millions of yuan.

Here, you could do almost anything with money. You could build your own mansion to the top of a skyscraper, design a limitless luxury pool on the top floor, and even play golf on the top floor.

The hotel that Larry Page chose was next to Manhattan's Central Park. From Li Mu's room, he could see the entire Central Park and even the whole of Manhattan.

This time, Google invited many famous people to participate in the bell ringing ceremony. Many people came from all over the United States, and some, like Li Mu, came from overseas.

Without exception, these people all stayed in the hotel that Li Mu was staying in.

However, there was only one presidential suite in the hotel, and it was already reserved for Li Mu.

Although the all-pervasive media did not know what Li Mu and Larry Page talked about, they all knew that Li Mu came to New York.

For a while, all kinds of news headlines in New York and Wall Street were all about Li Mu.

"Li Mu arrives in New York!"

"Li Mu's arrival has made the entire Wall Street restless."

"Li Mu will participate in Google's bell ringing ceremony on Nasdaq!"

"Li Mu's trip may be to explore the way for Makino Technology's future IPO!"

"Wall Street tycoons are racking their brains just to get a chance to meet Li Mu."

When Li Ziwei reported these news headlines to Li Mu, Li Mu did not pay much attention to it.

In fact, Li Mu had long since stopped caring about these news headlines.

Li Ziwei's words gave Li Mu a new inspiration.

She said, "Li Zong, I think with your influence, if you also auction lunch, it will be much more expensive than Buffett's lunch."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's the highest price for Buffett's lunch?"

Li Ziwei said, "It was auctioned for $250,000 on eBay this year."

Li Mu nodded gently and said with a smile, "Then I will also auction a dinner later. The starting price is set at $1."

Li Ziwei asked in surprise, "Really?

You are not kidding, right? "

"Of course not."

Li Mu said with a smile, "This kind of auction is actually very interesting. Not only can it increase my influence, but it can also bring a lot of traffic and exposure to the auction platform and the restaurant."

As he said that, Li Mu pondered for a moment and said, "How about this, call Lei Jun and ask him to change the English version of Taobao to 'Taobao International', and then ask him to communicate with Elon Musk to accept PayPal payment. I will auction the dinner on Taobao International, and the auctioneer can pay with PayPal or Alipay."

Li Ziwei's eyes lit up and she said with a smile, "In this way, I'm afraid Taobao International will become popular all of a sudden."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Being popular is only temporary. Taobao has not reached the international stage yet, and international logistics is not that convenient. I'm afraid it has no practical value for overseas users for the time being."

As he said that, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "But it's also good to build momentum for the future."

Li Ziwei nodded her head. "Then I'll call Boss Lei now!"

…

At this time, Taobao had been divided into three business groups from an internal strategy. They were:

Taobao Online Business Group, Taobao Logistics Business Group, and Alipay Business Group.

The main person-in-charge of Taobao Online Business Group was Lei Jun, and Taobao Logistics was naturally under Liu Shixiong. As for Alipay, it had not reached the time for rapid development yet, and its entire function was to support the payment channel of Taobao Online. Thus, most of the time, it was under Lei Jun's unified management.

Originally, the entire Taobao was under Liu Shixiong's management. After Lei Jun came in, he gradually split it up and reorganized it, to the point that Liu Shixiong's own authority and scope had fallen to the second line.

Liu Shixiong had a great desire for authority, and his desire for control was also very strong. He hoped that Li Mu would hand over the entire Taobao to him, but he did not expect things to develop to this point today.

Regarding this, Liu Shixiong was actually somewhat dissatisfied. He had thought of having a good chat with Li Mu several times, but in the end, he had no choice but to give up on this idea. That was because he knew that although Li Mu was his Junior Brother, and he also had shares in Taobao, Li Mu would definitely not give in to his faults.

Starting a business with Li Mu was not as simple as starting a business on his own. What Li Mu required was the 100% obedience of the team.

In other words, Liu Shixiong understood in his heart that Li Mu's desire for control was stronger than his. Therefore, under the premise that Li Mu satisfied himself, it was impossible for Liu Shixiong to satisfy him.

It just so happened that early in the morning, he had a meeting with Lei Jun and a few other executives to discuss the optimization of the efficiency of the Taobao network and Taobao logistics.

Halfway through the meeting, Lei Jun's secretary suddenly knocked on the door and said, "CEO Lei, Li Zong's assistant is looking for you, but he couldn't get through to your phone."

Lei Jun said, "Aiya, I left my phone in the office before the meeting. Help me get it."

"Okay."

Very quickly, the secretary returned and handed Lei Jun's phone to him.

At this time, Li Ziwei called again.

Lei Jun hurriedly picked up the phone, and on the other end of the line, Li Ziwei said, "CEO Lei?

I'm Li Ziwei. "

Lei Jun hurriedly said, "Hello, Assistant Li. What's the matter?"

Li Ziwei said, "Li Zong is in New York now. He wants to hold an auction for the opportunity to have lunch with him. He hopes that you can cooperate …"

Then, Li Ziwei told him about Li Mu's request.

When Lei Jun heard this, he said excitedly, "That's great, that's great!

Please tell Li Zong that I'll arrange for people to work overtime to solve this problem! "

After hanging up the phone, Lei Jun immediately told them about how Li Mu wanted to auction dinner and use the opportunity to mess with Taobao International.

The other executives in the meeting room were extremely excited. Only Liu Shixiong, who was at the side, felt a little jealous.

Lei Jun seemed to be highly valued by Li Mu now, and he had fallen to the position of focusing on building logistics …

:

: