Chapter 376

On the 26th of the twelfth lunar month, there were only a few days left before the New Year. This was the busiest time before the New Year in the countryside, where the atmosphere of the New Year was the strongest and had the most rules.

Every family was busy preparing for the New Year, and the Qi family was even busier.

First of all, the men of the Qi family, who had been beaten black and blue, and the women of the Qi family, whose eyes were red from crying, put aside their own business at this moment. More than a dozen people were busy in the courtyard of Li Mu's second uncle's house.

The Qi family specially went to the market in the town and found the owner of the glass shop. They brought materials and tools to cut the glass and repair the windows on the spot. Several men of the Qi family were rebuilding the chicken coop. They really couldn't buy hens, so they could only buy them from the neighboring houses. The hens that laid eggs were not cheap, and the villagers were not willing to sell them. The Qi family spent several times the market price to buy ten hens from the neighboring villagers. The old women of the Qi family cleaned and mopped the ground, not daring to relax for a moment.

When Li Mu's second uncle came back from the clinic, he was stunned by the scene in front of him. He wanted to ask but didn't know where to start. Li Bin told his parents what had just happened in a vivid manner, and Li Mu's second uncle and aunt were scared.

Qi Decheng came back not long after Second Uncle came back. When he came, he carried a huge black travel bag in his hand. As soon as he saw Second Uncle of Li Mu's return, he walked up to him, knelt on the ground, and began to apologize with tears and snot. He said that he was muddle-headed and begged for forgiveness. At the same time, he opened the black travel bag and said that there were 400,000 yuan in it, 300,000 of which was his compensation, and 100,000 represented Chen Xinmin's apology.

When Second Uncle and Second Aunt of Li Mu's were staring at the pile of cash in a daze, Qi Decheng turned his head and said to Zhang Wanjun, "Brother Jun, Xinmin asked me to help him bring 100,000 yuan to apologize. He said that he is already on his way. When he arrives, he will personally apologize to you. I hope that you will be magnanimous and not stoop to his level."

Zhang Wanjun nodded with a smile that didn't reach his eyes. He said, "You two are quite tactful. Seeing that your attitudes are quite sincere, I won't argue with you two. However, you must remember that this will not happen again."

Qi Decheng finally let out a long sigh of relief and nodded repeatedly. "Don't worry, Brother Jun. There won't be a next time."

At this time, Li Mu's second uncle said, "Old Qi, you can take the money. I can't take it."

When Qi Decheng heard this, his relaxed heart tensed up again. He hurriedly knelt on the ground and said, "Dao Guang, don't torture me. If you accept this money, we won't owe each other anything in the future. I promise that I'll avoid you the next time I see you!"

Li Mu's second uncle shook his head, sighed, and said, "I'm also responsible for this matter. After all, I was the one who went back on my word first. Let's just let this matter pass. Even if we can't become in-laws in the future, we'll still be friends …"

Qi Decheng was so frightened that he hurriedly waved his hand. "Dao Guang, don't scare me. Just accept this money. As long as you accept it, our relationship in the future will be up to you. If you say that we're friends, then we'll be friends."

Li Mu's second uncle felt that he really couldn't accept such a large sum of money. If he really accepted it, his conscience would be uneasy, so he insisted that Qi Decheng take the money back.

At this time, Li Mu opened his mouth and said, "Second Uncle, if you don't want this money, then I'll give you a compromise."

Li Daoguang thought that Li Mu's solution was to ask him to accept less money, so he hurriedly waved his hand and said, "Little Mu, I really can't accept this money …"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I know you don't want to accept it. It's okay, we won't accept the money. But since the Qi family is so sincere, I think it's better this way. Your business is getting better and better, and you even hired a driver. A van can't run all the errands. Why don't you let the Qi family buy a pickup truck and lend it to you? It won't be used for too long. For the time being, let's use it for five years.

Li Daoguang said awkwardly, "How can we do that …"

Qi Decheng, who was next to him, instantly nodded his head like a chicken pecking rice. "No problem, no problem. I'll arrange for someone to go to Jinling tomorrow and buy a good one!"

Li Mu said, "Okay, it's a deal."

As soon as he finished speaking, a middle-aged man in his early forties rushed into the yard. As soon as he came in, he asked nervously, "Who is Brother Zhang Wanjun?"

As soon as Qi Decheng saw that the person was Chen Xinmin, he hurriedly ran over and brought him to Zhang Wanjun.

Chen Xinmin threw caution to the wind and slapped himself a dozen times in front of Zhang Wanjun. He begged for leniency before Zhang Wanjun reluctantly accepted it.

The 100,000 yuan that Chen Xinmin gave to Li Daoguang was also rejected by Li Daoguang. However, Zhang Wanjun didn't let him go just like that. He said, "Qi Decheng will buy a pickup truck and lend it to the Li family as an apology. What are you going to do?"

Chen Xinmin, who had just been let off by Zhang Wanjun, hurriedly said, "I'll pay for the fuel of the pickup truck in the future!"

For Chen Xinmin, this money was going to be paid by Qi Decheng anyway.

Zhang Wanjun nodded and said in a serious tone, "Since you two have promised, you must keep your word. I don't want to talk to you about the past."

"Don't worry, I promise!"

Li Mu was supposed to treat Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun to a meal, but tonight was the first day that his grandparents came home. He couldn't go out no matter what, so he could only postpone the meal. Song Liang didn't care about this at all, so he directly invited Zhang Wanjun and a group of his brothers to the ecological park.

On the way back, Papa Lee kept asking Li Mu how he knew Zhang Wanjun. Li Mu attributed it all to Song Liang.

Although Song Liang didn't say much today, Zhang Wanjun's help was entirely due to his face.

Papa Lee listened for a long time and sighed after a while. "Let's treat Song Liang to a meal another day."

Li Mu waved his hand and said to Papa Lee, "Song Liang and I have our own way of dealing with each other. Don't worry about it, and don't feel like you owe him a favor. If you need his help in the future, you can ask him. The favor is on me."

Papa Lee said, "It's more troublesome if you owe others a favor. Dad doesn't want you to be bound by favors in the future."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I've already given Song Liang a big favor in advance. Don't worry."

Papa Lee added, "That Zhang Wanjun, don't get too close to him. It's not good for you if something happens …"

Li Mu nodded. "I don't have any friendship with Zhang Wanjun. He's Song Liang's man. To be exact, he's Song Liang's knife. Even if I need his help, I'll ask Song Liang for help. I won't have any direct contact with him."

Papa Lee nodded and said, "Don't forget that you still have the flag of 3321. In the future, you must be careful when making friends outside, especially to judge the other party's attribute. White and red are no problem, but black is the only thing you can't touch. It's not good for you."

Li Mu agreed. To be honest, he didn't want to touch black, but he must have the ability to mobilize resources in this area. Money and reason alone weren't enough. Sometimes, fists were also necessary.

…

The follow-up of this matter was very smooth. The engagement between Li Fen and Qi Dayong was dissolved, and the Qi family paid a big price for their arrogance. The whole family was disgraced. Not only did they have to celebrate the New Year with injuries, but they also spent more than 100,000 yuan to buy a Jiangling pickup truck and "lent" it to Li Daoguang.

After the incident with the Qi family, Li Daoguang's reputation in the town suddenly rose like a rocket. The good thing was that no one dared to look down on him anymore. Even those competitors who had bad ideas about him also tactfully gave up. Even the arrogant Qi family became the grandson of the Li family. No one in the town dared to provoke the Li family anymore.

In the few days before the New Year, Li Mu took the time to secretly go on dates with Su Yingxue twice. However, the two of them were like thieves on dates. They even dared to hold hands in the car quietly. Haizhou was too small, especially during the New Year. It was possible to meet acquaintances wherever you went. Li Mu was especially afraid of meeting Su Yingxue's father, who was the police chief.

He had been looking for a suitable place to have a good time with Su Yingxue, but he never had the chance. Zhao Kang, on the other hand, dragged Li Mu to Jinling before the New Year and drove a Passat for his father.

There were not many models to choose from these days. Zhao Kang did not like Japanese cars. His father usually admired German Volkswagen. In addition, Li Mu's father's Passat looked very stylish, so he also bought a Passat to give his father a surprise.

However, after picking up the car, Zhao Kang was going to part ways with Li Mu in Jinling. Li Mu was puzzled. Didn't he drive back to Haizhou to bring his father to Jinling?

Where did he go by himself with a temporary license plate?

Zhao Kang scratched his head and told Li Mu with an embarrassed look on his face. In fact, he had secretly made an appointment with Wang Jia. After he picked up the car today, he would go directly to Wang Jia's hometown more than 200 kilometers away. The two of them would spend the night together, and Zhao Kang would drive back to Haizhou tomorrow.

Li Mu was convinced. It turned out that Zhao Kang had made an appointment with Wang Jia. This young man, who had just lost his virginity, was really greedy. He drove more than 500 kilometers to release his lower body. He was really motivated …

The two parted ways in front of the vehicle management office. Li Mu told Zhao Kang to be careful when driving, and then drove back to Jinling. When he thought that he and Su Yingxue had not really made progress yet, Li Mu could not help but feel anxious.

On the way back, Li Mu was hot-headed. He called Song Liang and asked him if he had any renovated and ready-made model houses for sale.

Song Liang asked in surprise, "Didn't you just move to a new house?"

Li Mu said, "I want to buy another one."

Song Liang was very curious. "What are you thinking?"

Li Mu said, "Nothing else. I just suddenly want to buy a house. I don't even have a house under my name now."

Song Liang said, "Okay, I'll ask someone to show you the current situation of the model house. When you have time, you can take Uncle and Auntie to have a look."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "I'll buy it myself. I can't let my parents know."

Song Liang said with a smile, "You're not going to hide a mistress, are you?"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry about that. Hurry up and ask someone to help me make a list and arrange for me to see the house as soon as possible."

Song Liang joked, "As soon as possible?

How soon? "