Chapter 325

Makino Technology's Series B financing was not disclosed to the industry, and everything was done in private. Before 5: 30 pm on Friday, 80 million RMB was transferred into the company's account in two installments. Li Mu's 20 million RMB was transferred into the company's account after tax returns, leaving 16 million RMB in the company's account.

Li Mu wanted to use part of the 16 million yuan to register an investment company in the United States. Many Internet products that would affect the world in the future would be born in the United States. Li Mu also knew that it was impossible for him to develop many products by relying on his own ability and relying on the domestic market. Therefore, it was better to prepare in the United States in advance. Once the time was right, he would do angel investment in the United States. The most profitable business in the world was angel investment. There were countless cases of 100,000 US dollars being invested and 1 billion US dollars being invested. Li Mu absolutely did not want to miss such a good opportunity where he could wait for the value to increase exponentially just by investing some money.

For the remaining funds, Li Mu plans to invest in China.

The era of online games is here. Although he cannot get his hands on popular online games like Legend of Warcraft, he still wants to get his hands on Miracle Mu and World of Warcraft. Li Mu saw Shanghai's Ninth City Company at the Internet Conference, and he is thinking of getting his hands on them. He had asked Lin Ching-ah to communicate with Miracle Mu's parent company in South Korea, and Miracle Mu's agent fee is 2.6 million RMB.

The popularity of Legend of Mir in China had made the Korean and other countries' game companies aware of the Chinese market. Now, the agency fees for games were getting higher, and every company wanted a share of the profits. Li Mu estimated that he could lower the price to around 2 million RMB. As for the profits, 15% was Li Mu's upper limit. It would be best to lower the price and share of the profits, and then increase the agency fees to lower the share of the profits. This was because the shares of profits were the most profitable.

He wants Lin Ching-ah to make a trip to South Korea before the Lunar New Year to help him get the agent rights for this game. He and Zhao Kang will register a new company together, and Makino Technology will own a part of the shares. This way, after getting the agent rights, they can use the resources on Tieba to integrate online gamers. There will be users, community, promotion channels, and even social media. These are all advantages needed to run an online game, and Li Mu has all of them. That is why he is confident that he can play Miracle Mu well.

He had some understanding of the history of Miracle MU. The game itself was an absolutely OK game in this era, and it had indeed been popular in China for a period of time. It could be said that this game laid the foundation of Miracle MU, but it was later destroyed by cheats. Miracle MU's operations were muddled, and they didn't recognize the huge damage that cheats could do to the game itself. By the time they realized it, it was already too late. All kinds of crooked cheats had already destroyed the game's well-thought-out world structure, and the loss of players was already unstoppable.

Now, Feng Yu is sure that Miracle Mu will not be any different from Feng Yu's previous life. If he manages to get it, he just needs to do a good job in marketing, and at the same time, crush all the cheats. This game will be more profitable than Legend of Warcraft. In the next two years, Legend of Warcraft will be full of cheats, and private servers will be set up everywhere.

In addition to games, there will be many Internet companies with great prospects in the future. Their start-up period is a good time for him to invest. In the next few years, he will invest some money in well-known projects that will be successful in the future. After a few years, not including his own companies, the total assets of the companies he owns outside will add up to a very large number.

This is why the big shots in the industry like to be angel investors. Not many people are really angels. In fact, they are even more evil than venture capitalists.

For someone like Li Mu, who has already planned for the future, more than ten million yuan, it is not worth being excited about. If this money is used for investment, it is still too little.

Therefore, after becoming a multi-millionaire overnight, Li Mu is not even in the mood to drink a bottle of beer to celebrate. He slept in on Friday, and on Saturday morning, he took his guitar to Chen Ze's small villa in the northern suburbs of Yanjing.

As soon as Du Wei saw Li Mu, she blushed and avoided his eyes. The reason is very simple. She is too embarrassed to ask Li Mu for songs. She did not expect her sister to take care of this matter. When she received the audition notice, Li Mu has already written the lyrics for the two songs.

Li Mu does not know how to sing or practice music, so he can only write the lyrics and guitar chords. He can't write the melody, so he printed out the lyrics and gave Du Wei a copy. He said to her, "I will play and sing once. You write the music."

Du Wei nodded, took the pen and paper, and waited for Li Mu to start singing.

Therefore, Li Mu held the guitar and sang the two songs in front of the two of them.

This song shocked Du Wei.

Du Wei already knew that Li Mu is Li Mu. She is not surprised about Li Mu's voice. What she is really surprised about are the two songs, because they are really good in her eyes.

As soon as she thought that these two excellent songs will be given to her to sing, Du Wei felt as if she is still in a dream. And then she thought that these songs were originally left for him by Li Mu, but he changed them and gave them to her at the last minute. She felt more grateful and guilty for Li Mu.

But Li Mu just encouraged Du Wei and said, "You must try your best to sing these two songs well."

After listening to Li Mu sing twice, Du Wei had already written out the music score. She also learned most of it. Then she familiarized herself with the music. It didn't take long for her to basically master the two songs.

During the audition, Li Mu played the guitar for her. Du Wei started the audition with "In My Voice." As soon as she sang the first sentence, Li Mu knew that Du Wei will be a big hit, because her voice is really good.

Li Mu accompanied Du Wei to practice in Chen Ze's home until the afternoon. After Du Wei has completely mastered these two songs, Li Mu was more eager than anyone else for Du Wei to go into the recording studio and record these two songs.

Chen Ze repeatedly recorded Du Wei's audition several times. He chose the best recordings of the two songs and sent them to Dufy, who was far away in the United States, by email.

At seven o 'clock in the morning, Dufy received a call from Chen Ze as soon as she got up. "The recording of the audition has been sent."

Dufy hurriedly turned on the computer, downloaded the two songs, and couldn't wait to play them.

She was really looking forward to how these two songs would turn out. She was also looking forward to how her sister's voice would be displayed. Although the two guitar auditions were a little rough, it couldn't cover up the outstanding composition of these two songs and Du Wei's perfect voice.

These two songs gave Dufy such a big surprise that she didn't even realize that when the two songs were played, she was practically crying.

On the second week, Li Mu rented a recording studio in Beijing and found a few famous musicians in Beijing. He took Du Wei and worked hard in the studio for two days to record these two songs.

The filming of "Oldboys" was also coming to an end. It was estimated to be completed around January 20th.

…

During this period of time, Hu Zhengdao was a little mysterious. He missed a lot of classes and sometimes disappeared for two or three days. Other than Li Mu, no one else in the dormitory knew what Hu Zhengdao was busy with. They called him or asked him in person, but the answer they got was always one sentence: "Busy making money."

Everyone knew that Hu Zhengdao was under a lot of pressure. For the sake of Wang Yanan's mother's illness, he borrowed an astronomical amount of money from Li Mu. For a kid from the mountains, it was almost impossible to return the money. So, he was busy making money outside. Everyone was too embarrassed to ask more details. They wanted to give Hu Zhengdao enough self-respect.

Only Li Mu knew that Hu Zhengdao had been running around the country in search of Legend of Mir's distributors. Every time he arrived in a city, the first thing he did was to look for internet cafes. He started with the biggest internet cafes and continued to talk to the internet cafes one by one. As Legend of Mir was extremely popular and Legend of Mir's reputation was unparalleled, Hu Zhengdao's sales promotion went smoothly. Basically, he managed to get a deal with every internet cafe he approached.

Every time he cooperated with an internet cafe, Hu Zhengdao would ask Zhao Kang to open an account for the other party. The other party could use this account to apply for monthly activation codes from the server of the Legendary Overlord. Under normal circumstances, an internet cafe could only apply for one hundred activation codes. After reaching one hundred activation codes, one could not apply for a new batch of one hundred activation codes unless the payment for the one hundred activation codes was settled first. This method could prevent the internet cafe from reneging on its debt. Normally, an internet cafe with dozens of computers could sell about ten activation codes a day. This was an income that cost almost nothing, and was very significant to the owner of the internet cafe.

Because of Legend of Mir's explosive sales, Hu Zhengdao's income was also increasing. In less than a month, he had visited more than 200 internet cafes all over the country. On average, he could sell around 1,000 activation codes a day. Just him alone could earn around 3,000 to 4,000 RMB a day. By the middle of January, Hu Zhengdao's income had reached 100,000 RMB. Zhao Kang wanted to transfer the money to Hu Zhengdao, but Hu Zhengdao refused. He wanted to return the money to Li Mu.

Li Mu told him that there was no need to return the money to him immediately. He could keep the money in his account. If Wang Yanan's mother needed a kidney transplant, it would be better for him to save the money for now.

Hu Zhengdao couldn't dissuade Li Mu, and so he gave in.

At the same time, due to Legend of Mir's absolute monopoly, 30% of the millions of monthly active users were using Legend of Mir's plug-in. Legend of Mir's monthly sales were close to 5 million RMB. After splitting the profits, Li Mu's daily income from the plug-in was more than 50,000 RMB.