Chapter 820

The reason why Li Mu invited Chen Yuan to dinner today was to give him special treatment.

When Song Liang mentioned that he wanted to cooperate with Ye Youdao, he only came to discuss with Li Mu and ask for his opinion. If Li Mu said no, Song Liang would definitely not insist. But the reason why Li Mu agreed was because of Chen Wan, not Zhang Kexuan or Ye Tianming.

In Li Mu's view, his relationship with Zhang Kexuan and Ye Tianming was indeed good. They did help him at the beginning of his business. But in the end, he gave Simple Plan a few songs and made Simple Plan popular. Strictly speaking, in terms of direct help, Li Mu gave them more help.

But the reason why Li Mu wanted to help, and he wanted the help of all three families, was to recruit comrades on the same side, and to let Chen Wan's family benefit from it.

However, Chen Wan's family was the weakest among the three families. Chen Yuan did not even develop a property independently. His entire real estate business depended on Zhang Zicheng to run. Under such circumstances, Li Mu could not give him the biggest cake. It was unreasonable and unrealistic. He could not swallow it, let alone digest it. Otherwise, he would not have decided to give two of the four pieces of land to Ye Youdao. Why not just give it to Chen Yuan directly?

Because Chen Yuan was too weak among the three families, Li Mu wanted to give him special treatment before sharing the cake.

In Li Mu's view, the cake was too big. Chen Yuan could not eat it even if he gave him a piece of land. Instead of that, it was better to meet him first and ask him what he wanted and how he wanted to eat it. Tell me your needs first. If I think it's okay, even if you are not strong enough, I can help you. Even if you need me to break it into pieces and feed it to you, I have no objection.

This was completely for Chen Wan's sake. No matter what, she had Li Mu in her heart, and Li Mu had her in his heart too. Not to mention Chen Wan's care and complicated feelings for him, just thinking of Chen Wan buying a wardrobe full of clothes for him in Xiangdu alone, Li Mu's heart was wrapped by a strong warmth.

No matter where Chen Wan was, every time she went shopping, she would involuntarily look at which clothes were suitable for Li Mu. She would buy whatever she felt was suitable, slowly filling up the entire wardrobe. This was not a spur of the moment thing, nor was it pretentious. This was her true feelings. She had truly given her heart, and there was not the slightest bit of hypocrisy.

Li Mu also understood Chen Wan's feelings for him. He had once made a promise in his heart: If Chen Wan did not change, he would definitely give her an explanation. He could not let her not find a foothold for him in the long run. If she changed, it was fine. He would still do his best to give her the best, make her famous, and make her famous. He would also give Chen Yuan more opportunities to truly build a wealthy family for Chen Wan. In short, he would not let Chen Wan suffer any grievances on any level.

At this moment, Chen Yuan could not possibly know what Li Mu was feeling, but he was still shocked by Li Mu's straightforwardness.

Not only did Li Mu meet him before the official meeting, but after the first glass of wine, he immediately asked him if he had any requests. His concern for him was extremely obvious. It was as if a pie had fallen from the sky.

However, Li Mu was exceptionally frank from the start, but Chen Yuan did not dare to be too frank. He politely and cautiously said, "My company has always been working with Xiaowan's uncle's company. I'm not afraid of you laughing at me, but the reason why I am where I am today is because of her uncle's help and guidance. This project is too big, and I have never worked on a real estate project independently, so I do not have any additional requests."

Speaking up to this point, Chen Yuan added, "If I really have any requests, it would be that this cooperation can help me and Xiaowan's uncle gain more space."

Li Mu nodded and said, "This time, we took out four pieces of land to cooperate with three companies. Our core request is that through this cooperation, everyone can form a tacit understanding and form an alliance. In the future, Wanying Estate's commercial real estate projects will blossom everywhere. I am confident that Wanying Estate's commercial real estate projects will drive the value of the surrounding residential real estate. So, rather than letting outsiders benefit, why not let our own people benefit? So, this is just the beginning of our cooperation."

“

Chen Yuan could not hide his excitement and nodded, "That's great!"

Li Mu continued, "Because of this reason, in this first cooperation, we have to focus on the development of the project itself. So, I have also set a general tone. Out of the four pieces of land, the two largest pieces will be given to Chairman Ye. Because he is the strongest, he will not have any pressure or risk in dealing with these two pieces of land. As for the remaining two pieces of land, they will naturally be reserved for you and Chairman Zhang. If you want to try to develop it yourself, I can give you one of them so that you can leave Chairman Zhang's company and operate it independently. If you still want to develop it with two companies, then I can find some other ways to increase profits for you."

Chen Yuan could not help but struggle in his heart.

Although he did not have any experience in developing real estate independently, he had been in the real estate industry for so many years. He already knew how to operate a real estate project. Since he had Li Mu's support, and he did not have to spend his own money on the land, developing a real estate independently was not a problem.

Chen Yuan had always hoped to have the opportunity to start his own company and seek for long-term development. Even if he had to follow his relatives to make a fortune, no one would give up and follow his relatives to make money for the rest of his life. Previously, he had never found a suitable opportunity. The biggest problem was that he could not afford the land with the little wealth and connections he had. Now, however, Li Mu had a ready-made piece of land. As long as the personnel, equipment, and materials arrived, he could immediately start the construction.

Moreover, the most important problem was that if Li Mu did not find him today, when the three companies sat down together and formally talked to Li Mu tomorrow, he would definitely not be able to directly ask to develop a piece of land independently. This was because this was the basic principle of being a person. He could not force his request, as it would hurt his relationship with Zhang Zicheng.

Now, Li Mu had brought this up in advance in private. This meant that if he agreed, Li Mu could directly distribute the four pieces of land during the talk tomorrow. Ye Youdao would get two pieces of land, and he and Zhang Zicheng would get one each. In that case, his request would be satisfied, and his relationship with Zhang Zicheng would not be affected. Therefore, this was a great opportunity for him. However, Chen Yuan's brows were tightly knitted.

After thinking for about two minutes, his brows relaxed and he said to Li Mu, "Li Mu, thank you for taking care of me, but this time, I won't pull myself out to work alone. I owe Xiaowan's uncle a favor, and this cooperation is very important to him. At this time, I have to help him do this project well and beautifully. I can't take away his share. If I pull myself out from his side, he will also be affected. In terms of building materials, if there is no reliable person, it will be very troublesome."

When Li Mu heard this, he admired Chen Yuan a little more. Actually, he had considered that Chen Yuan might have a request to work alone, but he did not have the chance to bring it up, so he gave him a chance to ask for it in advance. He did not expect that at this time, Chen Yuan was more concerned about his relationship with Zhang Zicheng, as well as the favor he had received from Zhang Zicheng. The decision to give up on working alone at this time must be very difficult for him.

Therefore, Li Mu asked him, "Uncle Chen, in your cooperation with Mr. Zhang, you are mainly in charge of building materials?"

Chen Yuan nodded and said, "I am in charge of the entire building materials supply. There is also an aluminum doors and windows factory in the suburbs of Jinling. Not only is it responsible for the doors and windows of Xiaowan's uncle's real estate project, but it is also responsible for external sales and construction projects."

Li Mu smiled and said, "How about this, I won't interfere with how Ye Youdao's real estate is decided, but for Wanying Capital's three real estate projects, I will also leave the building materials business to you. Wanying Capital also has a large commercial real estate project this year, and I will also reserve the building materials business for this project to you in advance. Not only does Mr. Zhang need reliable building materials, but so does Wanying Capital."

When Chen Yuan heard this, his expression froze, and he subconsciously sat up straight.

Li Mu had three real estate projects in his hands, and they were the three best and largest pieces of land. These three projects were very large in size, and just the building materials business alone was already a very large cake. Unexpectedly, Li Mu also gave him a large commercial real estate project. Although he did not know the specific plans of Li Mu's commercial real estate project, since Li Mu said it was large, the scale would definitely not be small. The size of the building materials business depended on the design drawings and overall size of the real estate project.

The concrete structure of the commercial real estate might be slightly less than that of the residential real estate, but the use of steel structure, glass structure, and alloy structure would be greatly increased, and these were all areas with a higher profit margin. Three large residential real estate projects, and one large commercial real estate project. The market price of the building materials for these four projects would be very high, and Li Mu was simply giving him money directly!

All of Chen Yuan's current businesses added together was a little more than a hundred million. This time, when he came to Beijing, Zhang Zicheng also very kindly promised him a 25% share. It was not the traditional way of providing building materials, but directly investing in the development and sharing the profits according to the proportion. This itself already made him very satisfied. He did not expect that Li Mu would actually give him such a big piece of the cake!

The cake of an independent real estate project was a little hard to swallow, but the big cake of building materials was simply easy for him to eat!

The most important thing was that this cake was not only easy to eat, but it was also too easy to obtain. It was as if Li Mu took the initiative to break off the most suitable part of the big real estate project for him, and took the initiative to feed it to his mouth!

Chen Yuan also asked himself in his heart, What did I do to deserve this?

To be able to make Li Mu give me such a big benefit on our first meeting?

Suddenly, he caught a glimpse of his daughter, who was looking at Li Mu with a face of surprise. Chen Yuan suddenly understood in his heart. This big cake of Li Mu was not given because of me, but because of my daughter!

…