Chapter 1479

When Li Mu arrived at the Mushroom Hut, it was 11: 20 in the morning.

After getting out of the car, Li Mu walked to the Mushroom Hut alone within the range of the camera. He knocked on the iron ring on the Mushroom Hut's wooden door.

At this time, in the yard of the Mushroom Hut, Chen Wan was helping Huang Lei wash the vegetables, He Wan was feeding the chickens, and Peng Yuyan was doing the work arranged by the program group.

Chen Wan had been recording in the Mushroom Hut for a day and a night. After Li Mu arrived and had lunch with him, she would go back.

When there was a knock on the door, Peng Yuyan was the first to respond. He said in surprise, "Aiya, a new guest is here!"

He Wan put down the feed for the chickens, looked at Huang Lei, and asked him, "Teacher Huang, who do you think it is?"

Huang Lei shook his head. "To be honest, I don't know whose voice it is. I'm not familiar with it."

Peng Yuyan said, "I'll go open the door!"

Chen Wan suddenly had a sweet smile on her face. Among the four of them, only she knew that Li Mu was here.

Although He Wan knew that Li Mu had promised to come to record an episode of the show, he had no idea when Li Mu would come. In his opinion, Li Mu was likely to miss the appointment because he was too busy. Some time ago, he heard that he had acquired Apple, and the domestic media said that it was a huge deal. In the end, right after Li Mu acquired Apple, he immediately established Muye & Company to directly fight against Google. At this time, Li Mu probably had no time to participate in the recording of the show.

At this time, Peng Yuyan had already opened the door. When he saw the young man who was about the same age as him standing outside the door, he was so shocked that he couldn't speak.

Peng Yuyan was really shocked. He never thought that he would be able to see Li Mu with his own eyes, and he never thought that Li Mu would actually come to participate in this variety show!

Although Peng Yuyan was now a popular young man, as a star, he also chased after stars, and the one he admired the most was Li Mu, who was about the same age as him. Now, Li Mu suddenly appeared at the door. This feeling was like an ordinary person suddenly opened the door of his house and found that the person standing outside was his favorite star. Peng Yuyan was surprised.

Li Mu saw that Peng Yuyan's eyes were wide open and speechless, so he took the initiative to extend his hand and said with a smile, "Peng Yuyan, right?

Nice to meet you! "

Only then did Peng Yuyan come back to his senses. He hurriedly stretched out his hands to shake hands with Li Mu and excitedly said, "Hello, Mr. Lee, I'm your fan!

Ever since your speech at Harvard, I've regarded you as my biggest idol! "

Li Mu smiled modestly and said, "You flatter me, you flatter me."

After saying that, he stepped into the Mushroom Hut.

The yard of the Mushroom Hut was not big or small. As soon as he entered the door, he could see a huge Chinese tatami in the middle of the yard. Huang Lei had set up two earthen stoves and a barbecue table in the yard. It was almost the same as his previous life.

As soon as he entered the door, there was a dog barking in the yard. In the blink of an eye, it ran to Li Mu, but the dog was not fierce at all. It just kept circling around Li Mu, wagging its tail, and sniffing at his feet from time to time.

Li Mu looked carefully. It seemed to be a golden Border Collie, but the breed was not very pure, and it had not grown up yet. It was estimated that it was only three months old.

Peng Yuyan hurriedly introduced, "Mr. Lee, this is Dudu, our watchdog."

Li Mu squatted down and touched the dog's head. The little Border Collie obediently licked his palm. Li Mu smiled and said, "This little guy is quite obedient."

When He Lu and Huang Lei saw Li Mu enter the door, they were all stunned. He Lu was the first to react. She said in surprise, "Li Zong!

Are you our guest today? "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "What's wrong, Mr. He? Am I not welcome?"

"Of course not."

He Lu walked up to Li Mu and shook hands with him. She said happily, "I can't believe that our program could invite you here. This is really unbelievable."

Huang Lei also walked up to him at this time and said with some excitement, "Li Zong, I have admired you for a long time, but I never thought that I would have the opportunity to see you in real life."

Li Mu took the initiative to shake hands with him and said with a smile, "Mr. Huang, you are too polite. If you want to talk about admiration, I have been your fan for a long time."

When Li Mu greeted the three people, Chen Wan also came up to them. She just looked at Li Mu with a smile and said, "Sister Wan, long time no see."

When Li Mu saw Chen Wan, he also walked over with a smile. However, he did not shake hands with Chen Wan. Instead, he directly opened his arms and walked to Chen Wan's side to give her a gentle hug. He said, "Sister Wan, long time no see."

When Chen Wan thought that this scene would be broadcast in front of the national audience, her heartbeat suddenly sped up. However, she could only force herself to calm down. She smiled and said, "Yes, brat, long time no see."

Chen Wan casually called Li Mu, the world-class billionaire, a brat, which really startled the other three. However, He Wan was the first to feel relieved. He knew that Li Mu and Chen Wan had known each other for a long time, and they called each other brother and sister. They were very close.

This was the script that the two had discussed at Ziyun Villa two days ago. Chen Wan and Li Mu were from the same hometown, and they had known each other for a long time. This was a well-known fact in the entertainment circle. Li Mu had been giving Chen Wan all the resources and constantly improving her status in the hosting world. This was also a well-known fact in the entertainment circle, so there was no need for the two to remain strangers in front of the camera. However, it was not suitable for the fact that the two were in love with a younger brother, so they had this seemingly casual and intimate sibling relationship.

After the two hugged for a while, Li Mu said to the other three people, "I have known Sister Wan for many years. She and I are both from Haizhou."

Huang Lei and Peng Yuyan suddenly understood.

He Wan smiled and said, "Li Zong, then let Xiaowan take you to our guest room first. The conditions here are a little shabby, so Li Zong, you have to put up with it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "To be honest, I quite like this kind of rural environment. This time, I am in a hurry. If I have time in the future, I will definitely come and stay for a few more days."

Peng Yuyan asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, do you want to go fishing in the lake later?

I will ask Teacher Huang to make you fish head pancakes tonight. "

"Okay." Li Mu said straightforwardly, "We will go there after I put down my things."

Huang Lei said in surprise, "Are you really going to fish?

This lake is probably full of fat head fish that can be used to make fish head pancakes. Even if there is, I don't think you two can catch it. That fish is the boss! "

Li Mu smiled and said, "It doesn't matter whether it is a fat head fish or not. Anyway, we will eat whatever we have. Any fish is fine."

Huang Lei said, "I was thinking about going to the town to buy a fish head in the afternoon. But if you really want to fish, that's fine. But we will have lunch in half an hour."

Li Mu said, "Then let's go after lunch."

Chen Wan took Li Mu to the corner of the yard to see the chicken shed and sheep pen. There were five chickens in the mushroom house. It was said that they could harvest four eggs every morning, just enough for a day's consumption. There were only two lambs in the sheep pen. It was said that every day, a guest would take the sheep to the lake to graze.

There were four main rooms in the mushroom house. The central room was in the middle, the largest bedroom was on the right, and the two smaller bedrooms were on the left. The bathroom was a separate small outdoor room. But the sanitary conditions in the villages around Yan Jing were better. At least there was a sewer, so there was no need for a toilet.

Other than the main room and the bathroom, there were also side rooms on both sides. There was one on the right and two on the left.

Whether it was the mushroom house itself or the surrounding environment, they were all very good. The scenery was not as majestic and dangerous as a tourist attraction, but it gave people a more down-to-earth feeling of warmth. Whether it was the surroundings or the environment itself, it had a very real rural atmosphere. It was not the bustling and busy feeling of a tourist attraction.

The production team's decoration of the mushroom house was also perfect. Whether it was inside or outside, it was clean and tidy, casual and comfortable. It was neither simple nor luxurious. Even the softness of the mattress under the kang bed was just right.

Chen Wan said to Li Mu, "Living here, the daily schedule has become very regular. At ten o 'clock at night, the surroundings will be quiet, with only the sounds of insects and frogs. Lying on the kang bed and listening for a while, you will feel very sleepy. Then, you will be woken up by the rooster crowing around five or six o' clock. When you get up early in the morning and breathe in the morning air in the yard, you will feel very energetic."

Li Mu nodded. He subconsciously wanted to tease Chen Wan and ask her not to leave at night. But when he thought of the fixed camera in the bedroom, he said seriously, "After living in the city for a long time, I really need to come to this kind of environment to relax and get close to nature."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Actually, everyone who lives in the city yearns for nature. Maybe this is why the production team named it 'The Life We Look Forward to.'"

…

After Huang Lei cleaned up a table of farmhouse dishes, he called everyone to eat in the yard. Because the three permanent guests were all wearing shorts, Li Mu also changed into a pair of shorts and came out. He felt very comfortable in a pair of flip-flops.

After sitting down with Chen Wan, Huang Lei introduced to Li Mu, "Li Zong, look at the dishes on our table. They are basically all products of our mushroom house."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Products of our own?

You guys grew them? "

"Yes."

Huang Lei smiled and said, "Actually, we didn't grow them ourselves. After all, we didn't have enough time. We rented a vegetable garden from our fellow villagers and named it Mushroom House Fruit and Vegetable Garden. There are a lot of vegetables and fruits planted there. Basically, they are all pollution-free food without chemical fertilizers or pesticides. For example, the eggplants, beans, cauliflower, chili, and tomatoes used in these dishes were all freshly picked from the vegetable garden in the morning. The eggs in the tomato scrambled eggs were just laid by our chickens this morning. Only the meat is not our own. It was bought from the market in town."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then this meal is really too healthy."

He Wan said, "Not only is it healthy, but it also tastes very good. Firstly, Teacher Huang's cooking is amazing. Secondly, the ingredients are really good. Let me tell you, Li Zong, I really hope that our show can be recorded here for a month. Not only can I relax and experience the wonderful rural life, I can also take care of my work."

Huang Lei smiled and said, "You're going to record next year's show too …" After saying that, he looked at Peng Yuyan and said, "Yuyan, you definitely won't be used to it. If you stay here for a month, I'm afraid you'll go crazy, right?"

Peng Yuyan chuckled and said, "I'm actually fine. I also live in a rural area in Canada. It's just that the countryside there is a little different from here."

Huang Lei gently patted Peng Yuyan's head and said, "Silly child, it's not just a little different. It's too different."

After saying that, Huang Lei called out to everyone, "Let's hurry up and eat. Let's treat this meal as sending off Lil Wan and welcoming Li Zong."

It had to be said that Huang Lei was really good at cooking. The dishes on the table were all the most ordinary home-cooked dishes, but they really looked, smelled, and tasted very good.

After the meal, Chen Wan had to go back to the city. Li Mu and the three permanent guests saw her out and all the way to the car. After watching her MPV drive away, the four men walked back side by side. Peng Yuyan looked at the time and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, do you want to go fishing?"

Li Mu agreed without hesitation and waved his hand. "Let's go!"

The two of them were about the same age. They were both young people in their early twenties, so it was easier for them to put aside their other identities and play together in this kind of environment. Therefore, Li Mu and Peng Yuyan jogged all the way back to the Mushroom Hut and then rushed to the lake with their fishing equipment.

Today, the temperature in the city was 36 degrees Celsius, but in Miyun, it was only a little over 30 degrees Celsius. It was very comfortable and pleasant. Coupled with the cloudy weather, it was very comfortable.

The crew had prepared several kayaks, each of which could accommodate six people. They were large and of good quality. Li Mu and Peng Yuyan put on their life jackets and sat in one of the kayaks. After putting away their fishing equipment, they each took an oar and rowed the kayak to the center of the small lake.

The crew's two kayaks also rowed into the water and filmed the two of them fishing from different angles.

Li Mu hadn't fishing for a long time, so Peng Yuyan was much more experienced than him. With his help, all the preparation work was done. The two of them started fishing, one on the left and the other on the right.

Although the lake wasn't big, the deepest part of the water was said to be seven or eight meters deep. The villagers rarely fished here, so there were a lot of fish here. According to Peng Yuyan, he had seen big fish here before. He couldn't tell what kind of species they were, but they were at least half a meter long.

Li Mu laughed and teased, "If you want to talk about authentic fish head pancakes, it has to be the head of a big fish. But I don't think we have the ability to catch such a big fish. If we really can't, we can catch two Crucian carps and have a Crucian carp pancake."

Peng Yuyan said, "I'm not sure about catching big fish, but I'm sure I can catch Crucian carps."

Li Mu nodded. As soon as he cast the hook, the voice of the crew came from the walkie-talkie in the kayak. "Li Zong, an American is looking for you. He was stopped by your driver. He said his name is Larry, and he said that you asked him to meet you here."

Li Mu picked up the walkie-talkie and said with a smile, "Tell him to come to the lake."

"Okay."

After a while, Li Mu saw the crew bring Larry Page to the lake. Larry Page waved at Li Mu and shouted, "Good afternoon, Mr. Li!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Good afternoon, Larry. Find a comfortable place to sit and wait for me. I have to catch dinner first!"

Larry Page was stunned. He looked around, smiled bitterly, and said to Li Mu, "Okay, Mr. Li, I'll wait for you here."

After that, Larry Page dragged his exhausted body and sat down against a willow tree by the lake. After more than ten hours of flying, he took a taxi for more than two hours, from one international metropolis to another international metropolis, and then to a small village more than a hundred kilometers away from the city. Larry Page was exhausted.

At this time, the director of the show heard that a foreigner had arrived. After he came to understand the situation, he immediately asked Li Mu through the walkie-talkie excitedly, "Li Zong, is this Mr. Larry the CEO of Google?"

Li Mu said, "Yes."

The director asked in surprise, "Then can you let him appear in the camera too?"

Li Mu blurted out, "So beautiful that his liver hurts!"

The director didn't come back to his senses.

At this time, Li Mu said in a serious tone, "Don't let him show even a finger on the show. I don't want Google to get free publicity for our show."

The director understood what Li Mu meant. Although he felt a little regretful, he couldn't ask for more, so he said, "Then let's arrange a place for him to rest first."