Chapter 49

As soon as he returned to Haizhou, Li Mu felt that he was unusually busy.

He had just started developing Eting, and he had just bought the code for the forum. Although the code he bought for 3,000 yuan was terrible, it represented the current average level.

Li Mu had a bunch of doublespeak domain names in his hands, which were all registered at that time. He thought that there was not much practical significance in keeping them, so he simply used "Douban" as a forum.

Douban forum would be the base of the Internet Water Army in the future. Whether it could be operated well would mostly depend on Zhao Kang's ability.

Therefore, Zhao Kang gritted his teeth and spent more than 10,000 yuan to buy a laptop.

When his parents were surprised by his large expenditure, he casually said that Li Mu had helped him make another sum of money.

Therefore, Zhao Kang's parents were completely convinced.

Their son made money faster than the wind. What else could they say?

After buying the code, Li Mu modified it a little and went online. He gave Zhao Kang the authority of a super administrator and gave him 50,000 yuan to build a reliable Internet Water Army in a short period of time. As for where to recruit people, the salary standard, and the operation plan, Li Mu did not care. He let Zhao Kang decide for himself. He only had one requirement: efficiency.

Then, Li Mu devoted himself to the development of Eeting.

The second day after he returned, Li Mu's father received a call from his hometown. Li Mu's granduncle in the countryside was going to celebrate his birthday.

Papa Lee wanted to bring Li Mu with him, but Li Mu had only seen his granduncle a few times in his life, so he did not have much affection for him. In addition, he had a lot of things to do, so he wanted to refuse.

Just then, the Metersbonway officials called him and told Li Mu that they had arranged for an inspector. The inspector happened to be in another prefecture-level city in Nansu Province and could arrive in Haizhou at noon tomorrow. At the same time, they told Li Mu the name and contact information of the inspector.

Now, Li Mu could not leave, so he boldly told his father that he was too busy to leave. His father did not insist, so he decided to take leave tomorrow and go back with Li Ma.

After Li Mu got the permission to stay in Haizhou alone, he called Zhang Man, the female inspector of Metersbonway. The other party just finished the work at hand. After contacting Li Mu, she immediately went to buy a ticket. She would arrive at the Haizhou bus station at 11: 40 tomorrow.

Li Mu thought that after receiving the inspector tomorrow, he would have to start preparing for the renovation after the headquarters of Metersbonway passed the review. At that time, he would be very busy. Moreover, Ye Tianming had called yesterday and said that he had found a suitable workplace. It was 70 square meters and the monthly rent was more than two thousand yuan. He asked Li Mu to go to the provincial capital to have a look when he had time.

Li Mu had no time to go to the provincial capital now, so he simply asked Ye Tianming to help him make a reservation. Then, he asked his brothers to help him to put up a recruitment notice in the labor market for website programmers, server technicians, and art designers. The pay was good. It was best to get some resumes first.

The few people who had a simple plan were very powerful in Jinling. This little thing was done properly in a short time.

Therefore, Li Mu planned to take some time to go to the provincial capital after the matter of the exclusive store was settled.

…

The next morning, Li Mu first sent his parents to the bus to the countryside at the bus station. He waited for more than an hour. At about 12 noon, he received the inspector of Metersbonway, Zhang Man, at the bus station. She was a young woman about 25 or 26 years old. She looked ordinary, but she looked very capable.

When the two met, Zhang Man was not surprised by Li Mu's young age. In fact, she had already received the client's information from the headquarters. She had been curious about the 18-year-old client all the way. But at the moment they met, she concealed her curiosity well.

Li Mu chose the best Haizhou Hotel to treat Zhang Man to lunch. Zhang Man began her inspection at the dinner table. In addition to inspecting the hardware, she also needed to understand the client's views on the clothing market and Metersbonway.

The first question she asked Li Mu was why he chose to join Metersbonway.

Li Mu's answer was very simple. "I think the consumption level of Chinese people has begun to increase, especially the young group of urban residents. Moreover, the first direction of consumption of young people is clothing. Metersbonway embodies the concept of capturing young people in terms of brand building and product design. This is very consistent with my own ideas."

Zhang Man nodded. The headquarters also paid more attention to the thinking mode of the franchisee. She needed to know whether the other party understood the position of Metersbonway and whether they had the corresponding operating philosophy. Although Metersbonway was expanding, it was also a rational expansion. They didn't want to see any regional market be destroyed by agents who didn't know the business.

Immediately, Zhang Man asked again, "Then what do you think of the market operation of Metersbonway?

For example, do you have any understanding of our operations in the past few years and corresponding suggestions? "

Li Mu smiled and answered, "Emphasizing design and brand while ignoring assets and costs. This strategy is very in line with the development of the clothing market in the future. In terms of marketing, your company's previous spokesperson was the band Flowers. Although it stuck closely to the theme of young people, the reputation of the band Flowers was indeed not enough to support a well-known clothing brand. Even the clothing brand itself may be dragged down by them. Fortunately, you corrected your mistake in time and chose to ask Kuo Tianwang to be the spokesperson. In addition, your company's information system architecture is very forward-looking in the industry. I have heard of your company's cooperation with Cisco."

Zhang Man couldn't help but look at Li Mu in a new light.

His analysis of the spokesperson was very accurate. In 2000, the endorsement of the band Flowers did not really help the brand build up enough popularity. A month ago, Kuo Tianwang's endorsement had just started, and Metersbonway had a blowout development in the field of consumers and investors. This was also regarded as the company's most important decision this year.

However, this kind of news about the spokesperson could be discovered by anyone who was slightly more attentive. However, it was very rare for Li Mu to know about the matter with Cisco as well.

In this day and age, the influence of the information system on the retail industry was minimal. Most companies and entrepreneurs in the retail industry did not understand the term, let alone its importance. Li Mu, an 18-year-old young man, was able to see it so clearly. This indeed proved that he had a considerable understanding of the company.

Li Mu then said, "I believe that in a small city like Haizhou, there should be very few partners who are willing to take out 160 or 170 square meters to be your company's franchisee, right?"

"That's true."

Zhang Man was deeply touched. Nowadays, investors in small cities rarely had a store that was more than 100 square meters. The reason was very simple: they had limited funds on hand, and they did not have enough confidence in the future market.

Li Mu had already rented a 160 or 170 square meter store. This store had even met the requirements of a first-tier city. It was considered a very large sum of money.

During the meal, Zhang Man had a very good impression of Li Mu. She felt that this young man had a unique vision and an extraordinary way of talking. It was really wonderful.

Next, Li Mu went to the bank to print out the proof of his cash assets. Then, he brought Zhang Man to inspect the store that he had rented.

Bayan had already left, and the store was empty. However, with the location, there was no doubt that it was the most prosperous place in Haizhou.

During the conversation with Li Mu, Zhang Man also felt that Li Mu had a good eye for the clothing retail market. Moreover, this boy's communication skills were very good, and he even had quite a bit of charisma. He almost perfectly met the company's requirements for franchisees.

In the evening, Zhang Man finished her inspection of Li Mu and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, this inspection is basically over. I will write the materials when I arrive at the hotel tonight and fax them to the company before I leave tomorrow. Within seven to ten working days, the company will come out with the audit results. Once it passes the audit, we will send someone to guide the renovation. In addition, you'd better start recruiting an experienced store manager. You and the store manager will receive fifteen days of training at our company's headquarters."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Do I have to go too?

Can I not go? "

Zhang Man smiled and said, "It's fine if you don't go, but the company has a rule that there must be two to three trained professionals. So, you have to send at least two people."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded. It was imperative to find a reliable store manager, because he could not bear to let his father or mother take care of the store every day. However, the store manager had a lot of responsibilities. Who should he find?

He had to look for a good candidate.

Zhang Man booked a room in a hostel in the city. According to her, she was going to another city in the neighboring province tomorrow morning. Her job was to run around all day.

Li Mu treated her to dinner and then sent her to the hostel. Before saying goodbye, he gave her a red packet and said, "Sister Zhang, please help me with the audit. I hope the results will come out as soon as possible."

The audit would take seven to ten working days, which was a little slow. Li Mu could stay at home for forty days at most. The college entrance examination results would be out in two days, and the admission letter would not take too long. At the end of August, no matter what, he would have to leave. Li Mu wanted the store to open for business before he left, so he asked Zhang Man for help.

Zhang Man refused at first, but Li Mu stuffed the red packet into her bag and said casually, "It's just a token of my appreciation. Sister Zhang, rest well. I won't see you off tomorrow."

After Li Mu finished speaking, he turned and walked away. Zhang Man was a little nervous, but she did not chase after him in the end.

Back at the hotel, Zhang Man opened the red packet given by Li Mu. There was a whole 1,000 yuan in it, which was almost equivalent to half a month's salary. She stared at the 1,000 yuan for a long time and finally seemed to have made a decision. She took the money out of the red packet and stuffed it into her wallet. Then, she turned on her laptop and made a report on her trip to Haizhou.