Chapter 677

The National College Entrance Examination, which affected the entire nation, began on time on July 7th. This was the last year that the National College Entrance Examination would be held in July. From next year onwards, the National College Entrance Examination would be held in June permanently.

On the day of the National College Entrance Examination, in order for Wang Xinran to perform better, Su Yingxue and her aunt went to the examination hall to send her off. After the exam ended, Li Mu specially called Su Yingxue to ask about Wang Xinran's performance on the first day of the National College Entrance Examination. According to her, Wang Xinran's performance in the first two subjects was quite stable. Li Mu also spoke to Wang Xinran over the phone. Other than congratulating her on her stable performance today, he also encouraged her to continue working hard tomorrow and strive to get first place in the cultural class at Beijing Film Academy.

Wang Xinran agreed with a smile. She also said that she hoped that after the National College Entrance Examination, Li Mu would treat her to a big meal. Li Mu readily agreed. Then, he chatted with Su Yingxue for a while more before hanging up. Li Mu brought his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, and drove to a five-star hotel in Beijing to participate in the mobilization meeting for "Crazy Stone."

The movie that Ning Hao had been preparing for a long time, "Crazy Stone," had already finished all the preparation work in Beijing. Originally, Ning Hao had always wanted to use "Thief among Thieves" as the title of the movie. However, under Li Mu's suggestion, he still used the same title as his previous life, "Crazy Stone."

The staff in charge of the specific site management and filming coordination had already rushed to Yuzhou in advance to prepare for the start of filming. Before the start of filming, Ning Hao specially gathered some of the core members of the production team for a mobilization meeting in Beijing.

It was said that other than Heavenly King Liu and a few local actors from Yuzhou and Sichuan, the rest of the actors would be attending the mobilization meeting in Beijing. After the meeting, everyone would fly to Yuzhou to prepare for filming.

In the final cast that Ning Hao had decided on, Huang Bo was still to play the role of Black Skin, Liu Hua was to play the role of Black Skin, Liu Hua was to play the role of Black Skin, Liu Hua was to play the role of the gang leader, and Guo Tao was still the captain of the security team. As for the roles of Xu Zheng and Wang Xun, he had also found the original actors to play them according to his own judgment. It could be said that this core cast had not changed much from the "Crazy Stone" in his previous life. The more obvious change was that the role of Mike, the Hong Kong bandit, had been changed to Liu Tianwang, and the role of the gang leader's girlfriend had been changed to Tang Wei. However, Li Mu believed that the changes in these two roles would make the drama a lot more interesting.

This so-called mobilization meeting before filming started was actually a relatively extravagant gathering. It was intended to let everyone get to know each other in advance, and at the same time, it could also arouse everyone's enthusiasm and enthusiasm.

Originally, it was impossible for a guy like Ning Hao, who knew how to save money the most, to hold such a large mobilization meeting. However, he was more capable and had already tricked millions of advertising fees in advance before filming even started. Li Mu did not expect Ning Hao to be able to get so much advertising income, so he very readily added one million to the budget of "Crazy Stone". This additional one million was basically used for the improvement of the crew's hard and soft treatment during the filming period in Yuzhou. They could eat better, live better, and use better. It could also be considered a very big benefit. That was why Ning Hao had the confidence to spend more than a hundred thousand to hold such a mobilization meeting.

Li Mu realized that Ning Hao was not only good at making movies, he was also good at doing business. He used Liu Tianwang and Makino Technology to bluff them, and he was actually able to swindle more than six million in advertising fees in advance. And of this six million advertising fees, the largest sum came from the brand that Liu Tianwang had just endorsed — — Noble Bird.

Because they had just signed Liu Tianwang and started to build their own brand awareness, they naturally wanted to deeply tie Liu Tianwang to do marketing. If it was just a movie starring Liu Tianwang, Noble Bird would at most spend one million to buy a product placement in it. But this time, because of the Makino Image, Ning Hao forcefully pulled out 3.5 million from Noble Bird's hands.

The reason why Noble Bird was willing to get so much money was also very simple. It was because they knew that once this movie was released, Makino Technology would definitely promote it vigorously. What Noble Bird valued was the powerful resources behind Makino Technology. Moreover, Ning Hao's advertising placement did indeed have some technical content. After the higher-ups of Noble Bird read the script and considered many aspects, they finally offered a price of 3.5 million.

When Li Mu arrived at the hotel banquet hall on time, there was already a hubbub of voices. At least dozens of people had already arrived at the scene. They were excitedly tasting all kinds of drinks that had just been made around the exquisite display table filled with all kinds of cocktails.

Li Mu and Li Ziwei walked in together. From a distance, they saw Ning Hao chatting with a short man whose back was facing Li Mu. Ning Hao hadn't seen Li Mu yet. Tang Wei, who was holding a cocktail in one hand and laughing with a few girls, saw Li Mu. She immediately swung her ponytail and jumped happily to Li Mu. She smiled and said, "Oh, Li Zong, long time no see!"

Tang Wei didn't have the aura of a goddess at the moment. No matter how one looked at her, she looked like a tomboy or a tomboy. But because she was young and beautiful and didn't put on any makeup, she looked particularly energetic.

Li Mu smiled and greeted her. He asked her, "Miss Tang Wei, you're about to star in your first movie. How do you feel now?"

Tang Wei smiled and said, "Me? I'm happy!

It's summer vacation. I have a movie to shoot, money to earn, and I can go to Yuzhou to have fun. There are all kinds of hot pot to eat. It's perfect! "

At that moment, a few of Tang Wei's female classmates from the Chinese Academy of Drama ran over to greet Li Mu. They were all helpers that Ning Hao had found during the filming of "Old Boys." Some of them had also made cameo appearances. Because Ning Hao had always been talented, and because he was studying at the Film Academy, he was very close to the students and actors who had been neglected. This time, Ning Hao had tried his best to find some young people who were still studying to help out. It could be considered a chance for them to enter the film industry.

One of the girls who had played a supporting role in "Old Boys" pouted and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, you're too biased. We've all contributed to" Old Boys. "Only Weiwei was there to freeload. Why did you give her such an important role and forget about us?"

Tang Wei pointed at her face and asked seriously, "Is my role important?

I don't think I'm even in the top five in the movie! "

Li Mu thought about it and agreed with her. The three stupid thieves, the head of the security team, his underlings, the son of the director of the jade factory, and the secretary with four eyes. These people's roles and degree of brilliance were more than Tang Wei's role. Her role was just a prelude in the whole drama.

At that moment, a few girls smiled and said to Tang Wei, "Weiwei, Li Zong likes you so much. I think it won't be long before he invests in a movie and asks you to be the female lead!"

Tang Wei's face turned slightly red. "You guys, you can eat whatever you want, but you can't say whatever you want!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Yeah, you guys can't say whatever you want. I have a girlfriend after all."

The girls' eyes lit up. "Li Zong, your girlfriend must be very beautiful to be able to handle a handsome bachelor like you, right?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. "She's quite beautiful."

While chatting with the girls, Ning Hao saw Li Mu and ran over with the man he was chatting with. He patted Li Mu's arm gently. Li Mu turned his head and saw him. Then he saw the man beside him with a rather reserved expression. Li Mu's eyes immediately widened.

Oh my god, Huang Bo!

He was one of Li Mu's favorite actors in the mainland, and he was also one of the few God-level actors in the mainland in his eyes. But now he was just a nameless actor and a bar singer. He was very flattered to be chosen by Ning Hao and had the opportunity to participate in this movie and play the male lead in the movie. He had not immediately adjusted to Yan Jing and this five-star hotel. Now, facing a billionaire like Li Mu, he was even more uneasy.

Ning Hao said, "Li Zong, let me introduce you. This is the actor I've been talking about, Huang Bo. He played the second male lead in 'Get in the Car and Go'."

After that, he said to Huang Bo, "Huang Bo, this is Mr. Li. Mr. Li has seen your role in 'Get in the Car and Let's Go'. He has a deep impression of you. When I suggested you to play the role of Black-Eyed, Mr. Li agreed without hesitation."

Huang Bo was surprised and wanted to raise his hand, but he only raised his arm a little bit before he hurriedly put it down. He rubbed his hands and said, "Hello, Li Zong. I've heard a lot about you …"

Tang Wei couldn't help but laugh when he heard this. What did he mean by 'I've heard a lot about you'? Wasn't that a wrong sentence?

Hearing Tang Wei's laughter, Huang Bo also realized that he had said something wrong. When he didn't know how to deal with it, Li Mu took the initiative to reach out to him and said politely, "Hello, Mr. Huang. It's nice to meet you for the first time. I'm also very happy that you can join the movie 'Crazy Stone'."

Huang Bo didn't expect that Li Mu would be so polite and reach out to shake hands with him. He hurriedly reached out to shake hands with Li Mu and said nervously, "Well … Li Zong, you're too polite … Thank you for giving me this opportunity …"

Huang Bo's non-standard Mandarin with a Qilu accent made Li Mu feel very familiar. Although he was not from Qilu, he had seen too many movies and TV shows with Huang Bo's accent, so he was quite familiar with it. Especially in the scene in 'Crazy Stone', Huang Bo and Xiaojun carried the box with Xie Xiaomeng into the hostel. When they met Guo Tao, who came to help, Guo Tao said in the Qilu version of Mandarin, "You've eaten, brother …" Every time he saw this scene, Li Mu couldn't help but exclaim in admiration.

Facing Huang Bo, who was a little nervous, Li Mu said with a smile, "Ning Hao and I both think highly of you. This movie is the beginning of our cooperation. If we can cooperate well with each other, we will have more opportunities to cooperate. If you are interested in signing with Makino Image, I can guarantee that you will make a movie every year for the next five years!"