Chapter 1245

Before Li Mu came to Shanghai, he instinctively thought that Wei Jun's matter would be nothing more than a word from the leader. However, when he sat down and talked with him, Li Mu realized how difficult it was.

It was like the difference between an ordinary person and a celebrity. If an ordinary person with no influence was detained for six months for drunk driving, it would be very easy to get him released after ten days or half a month. However, if an influential star was detained for six months for drunk driving, then the whole society would keep an eye on him. Even if he was released one day in advance, he must give the public opinion and the people a reasonable explanation. Otherwise, there would definitely be people who would not let him go.

Wei Jun was not an ordinary person. He was a well-known real estate developer who was once worth billions and was quite famous in Shanghai. There were many people who paid attention to his case. Among these people, some hoped for him to be well, some hoped for him to die, and some were simply curious. It was really difficult to bail him out at this time, and the pressure he faced was not small.

Fortunately, this time, Li Mu could solve the other party's requirements. However, Li Mu could also see that the other party knew his situation very well. The two substantive requirements were targeted.

He had both the doctoral position of a Nobel Prize winner and the role in "Flying Tigers". Moreover, the social cost of these two resources was not low, especially the former. If he was not qualified and wanted to get the additional position, he was afraid that he would not be able to get it even if he spent millions of US dollars. The latter was also the biggest opportunity for Hua Xia in the film and television industry in recent years. The popularity of "Flying Tigers" in China was now well-known.

For the two corresponding young people, these two opportunities could not be measured by money, because they were very rare opportunities on the road of life that could bring qualitative changes to people.

After listening to Li Mu, Wei Lan only asked Li Mu, "The first two conditions did not make it difficult for you, right?"

Li Mu smiled and comforted her, "Of course not. Harvard's president is now most afraid of me. He can't wait to do something for me to change my attitude towards him. As for" Flying Tigers ", a role with a few lines should not have too much impact on the movie. After all, the other party is also a professional actor. I believe he should be able to do this task. If he can't do it, then shoot the scenes related to him a few more times, dozens of times. Spending more money can always improve the quality."

Wei Lan finally relaxed. She did not make things too difficult for Li Mu. This was the most gratifying thing for her, apart from the perfect solution of her father's problem.

Holding Li Mu in her arms, Wei Lan suddenly wrapped around his body like an octopus and took the initiative to kiss Li Mu. While loosening his belt, she intimately rubbed her hot breath against his ear and said while panting, "I don't know what's wrong, but now I just want to reward you well."

Li Mu picked her up and walked to the bedroom while responding to her kiss. He was very pleased that Wei Lan used the word "reward" instead of gratitude or repayment. She was his woman, and the word "reward" was too accurate.

In the bedroom, when the two were about to perform a close combat, Wei Lan's stomach suddenly made a growling sound of different lengths. In the bedroom with only two people, this special sound was extremely obvious.

Li Mu stopped what he was doing, looked at Wei Lan in surprise, and asked her, "Why is your stomach protesting?

Are you hungry? "

Wei Lan said shyly, "I'm not hungry … What's wrong with it? I don't know …"

As soon as she finished speaking, her stomach growled again.

"Tell me the truth."

Seeing that Li Mu was looking at her without blinking, Wei Lan said in a low voice with a red face, "I haven't had dinner. I'm really hungry now."

"Why don't you have dinner?

Didn't you say you were going to the restaurant you used to go to? "

"I didn't have much appetite at that time. I just wanted to wait for you to come back."

Li Mu sighed helplessly, kissed her forehead gently, and said, "Get dressed and go out to eat."

Wei Lan hesitated for a moment, and said with a bright red face, "I can hold on for a while …"

"Go now. Don't dawdle. And remember to call uncle to make him happy."

Seeing that Li Mu was not joking, Wei Lan nodded obediently.

At six o 'clock in the morning in Los Angeles, Wei Jun and his wife were still dreaming. The mobile phone on the bedside table suddenly rang. Wei Jun's wife was the first to wake up. She heard that it was her husband's mobile phone, so she pushed him and said, "Honey, honey, the phone."

Wei Jun opened his eyes in a daze. His mind was still asleep, so he muttered unhappily, "Who is calling at this time? It's so annoying!"

Seeing that he didn't really wake up, his wife hurriedly pushed him a few more times and said, "Wake up, the phone!

It's probably our daughter calling at this time! "

"Ah?

Our daughter's phone? "Wei Jun woke up, hurriedly sat up, grabbed the phone, and pressed the answer button.

"Lan Lan."

"What?"

"Really?!"

"Dad is here. Dad is here. Dad is just too excited …"

"Dad didn't cry. You heard wrong. Dad is too happy. How can I cry …"

Wei Jun's wife was surprised. She sat up and saw that her husband's face was turned to one side. He was holding the mobile phone in one hand and covering the microphone with the other. His whole body was shaking. Looking at his face again, at this moment, his facial features were twisted together, and tears were running down his face …

"Honey, what's wrong with you?" Wei Jun's wife had never seen him like this before. She asked worriedly.

Wei Jun hurriedly wiped his tears and waved to his wife. Then he adjusted his voice and said to Wei Lan on the phone, "Help me thank Li Mu. Thank him. Your mother and I can't thank him enough!"

Then he said, "Your mother and I will prepare in the next few days. I will let you know when the time is set."

His wife didn't know what was wrong with him. When she was about to ask, Wei Jun had already hung up the phone. He looked at his wife with tears in his eyes and choked, "Husband, pack up. We are going back to China to reunite with our daughter!"

…

After solving Wei Jun's problem, Li Mu was not in a hurry to return to Yan Jing.

Wei Lan wanted to go back to work as soon as possible, but Li Mu insisted that she stay in Shanghai with him. He said that he wanted Wei Lan to take him around Shanghai, show him some of the old Shanghai, and taste some of the authentic Shanghai food. In fact, he wanted to take this opportunity to accompany Wei Lan to find her good memories in Shanghai, and let her completely relax for a few days.

In the past few days, Wei Lan had indeed completely relaxed. Every day, she and Li Mu each wore a thick mask and a couple's cap to go out on the street. Holding Li Mu's hand, they walked through the streets and alleys of Shanghai, searching for the memories of her childhood and adolescence. So, every second of the past few days was extraordinarily happy for her.

Interestingly, because Li Mu's recent whereabouts were relatively secretive, few people in China knew that he had returned to China. However, because the press conference of "Flying Tigers" in Hollywood some time ago had created too much influence in China, the entire film and television industry was playing a game called "Find Li Mu" or "Ask someone to find Li Mu".

The production team, behind-the-scenes capital, publicity channels, historical significance, and Li Mu's world influence of "Flying Tigers" had made this film highly anticipated by the audience all over the world, especially the domestic audience. And the domestic film and television industry had been paying attention to a very important issue, that was: "Flying Tigers" had not yet revealed any actor of Hua Xia!

For Hua Xia's film and television industry, this was simply the most concerned topic in recent times.

A film describing the Americans and Hua Xia's resistance against the Japanese, there was no doubt that there must be at least American and Hua Xia actors in this film. Now that the key actors of the United States had been finalized, the remaining actors were domestic.

Almost every domestic actor knew very well that if they could win an important role in this film and perform well, not only would they become popular in the entire Chinese audience, but they could also use this film to successfully break into Hollywood. This was a good opportunity to reach the sky in one step. It could even be said that it was the most beneficial opportunity for Hua Xia's film to become famous in the history of nearly a hundred years.

Li Mu's original mobile phone had long been no longer used. Now, apart from family and friends, only some very close partners knew his mobile phone number, so no one in the domestic film and television industry could call him. Therefore, director Ning Hao, who was closest to Li Mu, had become the target of the entire film and television industry.

In the past few days, Ning Hao's mobile phone had almost been smashed by people. During this time, the number of people who wanted to invite him to dinner was more than the previous thirty years combined. These people all hoped to get in touch with Li Mu through him.

What was even more incredible was that some of the industry's top directors were also trying to get in touch with him. Some directly expressed their requests, and some asked others to pass on the message. In short, they were all aiming for the position of executive director and assistant director.

There was no doubt that being the executive director or assistant director of such a film was very rewarding.

First of all, like actors, this was a good opportunity to promote their popularity to the world.

Secondly, unlike actors, there were too many things that could be learned in such a top-notch Hollywood production team. Currently, Hollywood movies were the best in the world. If they worked with Hollywood cinematographers for a day, they would be able to gain a deeper understanding of the camera language such as color, distance, depth of field, motion trajectory, and so on.

Third, participating in Hollywood film production would allow them to get in touch with the best upstream and downstream resources in the entire industry, which was also very significant for domestic directors.

In addition, there were even more famous, unknown, and unknown actors. They almost annoyed Ning Hao to death. Every day, countless actors tried to get close to him. The male actors called him brother, and the female actors called him Director Ning. Their voices were so numb that it could almost kill him. What was even more outrageous was that most of the female actors took the initiative to make it clear to Ning Hao that as long as he could help them get a role in this film, they would accept all kinds of unspoken rules.

Ning Hao was almost about to collapse. In the eyes of those big shots, he was a stinky loser in the film and television industry. It was not easy for him to make a big film and was about to be released to try his luck, but in the end, the release date was indefinitely delayed by Li Mu. He never dreamed that he would become popular in the film and television industry overnight, and he was so popular that it was burning hot.