Chapter 1676

While Dong Ai was thinking about how to spend the 165 million RMB, the distribution rules of nearly 190 million RMB for Veterans Never Die had been announced.

60% of the money would be distributed equally to all the surviving veterans on the list. The remaining 40% would be divided into levels 1, 2, and 3, specifically to subsidize the poor veterans, veterans with outstanding meritorious service, and veterans who had been affected by their composition issues or had gone into hiding.

The veterans were already in their old age, and the remaining time was too precious. Li Mu did not plan to set up any charitable foundation for this money. He directly sent the money to the veterans as fast as possible.

For those who had a bank card, the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation's finance department would pay for it. For those who didn't, a small team of the foundation's direct staff would directly send the cash to each veteran with the cooperation of volunteers from all over the country.

Since the group of surviving veterans who needed to find the money were basically all in poor areas or even mountainous areas, Li Mu specifically instructed the staff to be sure to send the money to the veterans themselves and record the entire cash payment process with photos. No one was allowed to claim the money on behalf of others, not even their immediate family members.

It was important to ensure that the money was handed over to the veterans themselves and let the veterans decide how to use it. If necessary, they should take the initiative to help the veterans apply for their own bank card.

Li Mu also specifically emphasized that local volunteers should keep in touch with the veterans. If anyone coveted the wealth of the veterans, the volunteers should immediately report it to the local municipal public security bureau in the name of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation and follow up on the progress of the case.

In his previous life, Li Mu had seen all kinds of cases of children crazily living off their parents and refusing to support the elderly. In poor areas, the elderly who lost their labor force were more likely to be abandoned or even exploited by their children because they had no social security support. After calculating the money, the veterans who really lived in poor areas could each receive more than 10,000 RMB. This was definitely a huge sum of money in poor areas. Li Mu had to ensure that after the elderly received the money, they would not be implicated by the money.

Therefore, in addition to asking the volunteers to follow up on the veteran's situation, Li Mu also asked the volunteers to give the veteran the option of receiving the money in installments according to the veteran's actual situation. This was to prevent the old man from getting into trouble because of his wealth. The rest of the money would be placed in the foundation's account, and all the interest generated would belong to the old man.

Li Mu's consideration was that a subsidy of more than 10,000 yuan at a time was likely to cause a crazy fight among the children. Although the elderly would become the target of the children's desire to please the elderly for a while, once the money was divided, the elderly's status would likely plummet.

In his previous life, the country's policies were getting better and better. Even the elderly in the countryside, who had never paid a cent in social security, could receive tens of yuan or even more as a pension every month. People in the city might think that this amount of money was very little, but in poor areas, it was precisely because the elderly received this monthly state welfare subsidy that their children saw it as a treasure.

A monthly pension of tens of yuan could reduce the number of abandoned elderly in poor areas by more than half. If the veterans with similar problems in their families were willing to split their veteran's allowance into monthly installments, their status in the family would likely rise from the lowest to the highest in an instant.

Li Mu calculated a detailed account. Based on the calculation of 10,000 yuan per person, if the veteran received 200 yuan per month, it could be received for more than four years. In this era, a monthly income of 200 yuan was already considered high in poor areas.

If the old man was in good health, he could even receive 100 yuan per month for eight and a half years.

Moreover, the benefits of the veterans not dying were not limited to this amount. The usual cash subsidies and material subsidies would also continue to be provided. In this way, the old man's life in his later years would be relatively adequate.

Seeing that the weather was turning cold, Li Mu set the distribution plan and requested that it be implemented as soon as possible to send the money to the veterans as soon as possible. Therefore, the entire staff and volunteers of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation began to get busy.

After all, Li Mu had extorted 100 million USD of Mars' "donation." Based on the principle of honesty and trustworthiness, he asked Makino Technology to release an announcement.

The announcement stated that Li Mu, the chairman of Makino Technology, was very pleased to see the chairman of Mars' board of directors personally go to Yanjing to hold a press conference to apologize to Makino Technology. Li Mu hoped that Mars could learn from the experience and not make similar mistakes in the long road of development in the future.

At the same time, Li Mu also appealed in the announcement: I hope that physical companies around the world can be in awe of the Internet. Don't think that the resources of the Internet are a new land without an owner, and anyone can seize the opportunity to use it.

Li Mu's original words were: "The assets of Internet companies are not light assets, but virtual assets. The resources of Internet companies are not open resources, but the exclusive resources of the company. The rights and interests of Internet companies are the same as those of physical companies. Physical companies must learn to make equivalent exchanges with Internet companies, and not wantonly encroach."

Li Mu's announcement triggered the unanimous support and applause of Internet companies around the world. In this era, not to mention Hua Xia, even the developed countries in the West did not respect the rights and interests of Internet companies enough.

North America had clear laws and regulations against digital piracy, but there were still people who felt that digital content infringement was insignificant. They felt that downloading some pirated music, movies, and e-books from the Internet was completely normal and reasonable behavior. Little did they know that downloading pirated music was the same as directly going to a music store to steal a CD. Downloading pirated movies was no different from stealing a DVD or sneaking into a movie theater without buying a ticket. Downloading pirated e-books was no different from going to a bookstore to steal books.

It was fine for individuals to have such a biased perception, but the worst thing was that many companies had such a perception as well.

Somewhere in his previous life, pirated music was very popular in the early years. Pirated digital books in libraries and Tieba were also jointly sued by countless authors. It took many years to gradually deal with the problem. The scariest thing was that Internet companies were infringing on their own rights. It was fine if foreign enemies came to plunder, but there were also traitors and warlords inside. What the f * ck was this?

Therefore, Li Mu's announcement, as well as Mars's compensation, gave the legitimate Internet companies an unprecedented shot of adrenaline, giving them the courage to fight against the companies and individuals who infringed on their rights and interests to the end.

At the same time, it also sounded the alarm for all physical companies. Don't think that just because you sell chocolate or chewing gum, you can ride on the necks of Internet companies and shit on them. Li Mu usually looked gentle, but once he was angered, he would immediately transform into the Hulk. He would beat everyone in the field, and his attack power was unparalleled.

After the announcement, physical companies began to face the virtual assets and related rights and interests of the Internet industry seriously. Mars finally took back all the control of its official Titter account. Subsequently, Mars also put away its previous pretentious heart and sincerely apologized on the official Titter of each product for defaming Makino Technology, as well as the problems that had occurred with its products.

Li Mu also no longer restricted Mars' keywords. At the same time, he did not let the Internet Water Army continue to spread the black Mars' posts. For Mars, although the smoke had dispersed and the flames of war had stopped, its territory had been bombarded indiscriminately. There were ruins everywhere, and it had suffered heavy losses.

Although Mars was a giant in the food industry, the food industry had always been a saturated market. Countless companies were competing in it, and every company was sailing against the current. If they did not advance, they would fall back. Not to mention, Mars had been continuously exposed recently, and it had completely lost its right to speak in crisis public relations.

Now, the sales of every product line of Mars had declined to varying degrees. Their opponents took the opportunity to chase and attack fiercely, eating up a lot of Mars' original shares.

Among them, the product line that suffered the most was the pet food product line.

With the continuous blessing of Li Gouzi's Weibo, Longing's global popularity skyrocketed. Channels that could not be opened with all their efforts were now being actively approached by people to cooperate. Even if it was Longing's own operation, it faced much less resistance in the new market. In a short period of time, its sales had more than doubled. If it were not for the production bottleneck, it was estimated that the sales could reach new highs.

The success of Longing greatly highlighted the commercial value of Weibo Titter. As a true global Internet information and social platform, Weibo Titter could push Longing to the world in a short period of time. Naturally, it could also push other products to the world.

When the market generally believed that the resources of Weibo Titter were equivalent to money, Wall Street released their valuation of the Weibo Titter platform.

According to the capital analysis of Wall Street, the valuation of Weibo Titter alone could reach 40 billion US dollars, which caused an uproar in the world.

This figure seemed terrifying and incredible. How could a newly established platform be valued at 40 billion US dollars?

Wall Street's analysis said, "Weibo Titter is the world's first super platform that connects almost all the netizens in the world. There are only two products that can compete with it in terms of the number of users. One is YY, an instant messaging product that belongs to Makino Technology. The other is YY Net, an integrated portal product that also belongs to Makino Technology."

"Weibo Titter, with its unique open platform model, became one of the top three products with the highest daily, weekly, and monthly users in a very short period of time. It also proved its liquidity and potential in such a short period of time. For such a product, the valuation of 40 billion US dollars is just a conservative figure."

40 billion US dollars was just a conservative figure. The wording of Wall Street made many people speechless.

But Li Mu did not feel that the valuation of 40 billion US dollars was too high. On the contrary, he felt that the valuation was too low.

What was the current Weibo Titter?

It was a platform that combined Weibo and Titter, and it was born out of chaos.

Facebook was still a popular product in North American universities in the hands of Mark Zuckerberg. Microsoft's MSN had long been beaten back to its mother's womb by Li Mu. The mobile Internet era was far away. In this case, Weibo Titter was simply invincible. If he could suppress Facebook and other competitors in the industry, in less than two years, the market value of Weibo Titter could be pushed all the way to a super high of more than 100 billion US dollars.

If he sold Weibo Titter at that time, and then smashed it into Facebook and the new mobile Internet products in the future, he would definitely make a lot of money. At that time, if an unlucky person took over Weibo Titter at a high price, it would be a piece of cake for him to lose 60 to 70 billion US dollars in three years.

If there were any objections to this figure, he could refer to AOL. At its peak, it had a market value of more than 160 billion US dollars. In a decade, it had fallen to more than 150 billion US dollars …

Li Mu firmly believed that as long as he operated it well, Weibo Titter would definitely become a nuclear bomb. However, he had not thought about it yet.

By that time, which idiot would take over this nuclear bomb?

First, set a small goal. For example, 1 second. Remember: Booksellers