Chapter 1455

Even on the plane back to San Francisco, Elon Musk was still digesting what Li Mu had said to him before. He was looking forward to the clean energy revolution that Li Mu had said.

Enough anticipation could breed enough enthusiasm. It was like injecting more fuel into the engine to obtain more kinetic energy. Elon Musk felt that his thinking had been sublimated in a real sense. He no longer thought about the profitability of a project, but began to think about the positive value that this project could contribute to society.

This was also the hope that Li Mu had placed on Elon Musk. He wanted him to take the initiative to be a more responsible person, and not be pushed by society step by step, and definitely not let society over-interpret and fantasize about him.

It was already one o 'clock at night when the plane took off. Li Mu took a day to meet with Harvard to learn about the progress of 3321 in the United States. He even took time to meet with Mark Zuckerberg in the evening. He chose to take off at night so that he would not delay his work in Silicon Valley the next day.

After the plane landed, Li Mu and Elon Musk said goodbye at the airport in San Francisco. He and Su Yingxue first went to the hotel where they were staying. He left Su Yingxue in the hotel to rest. He took a shower, changed his clothes, and then went to Makino Technology to meet with Lin Ching-ah and the others. During the flight, Chen Ze sent a piece of good news to Li Mu. The central bank had already released the money, and 2.5 billion US dollars had arrived. After the money arrived at the private equity fund account, it was immediately remitted to Makino Technology's offshore account through an overseas bank.

The acquisition could not wait any longer. Apple was like a girl who was about to get married. As the groom, Li Mu could not wait any longer.

Makino Technology's acquisition team in the United States stayed in a five-star hotel in Silicon Valley. To ensure Li Mu's safety and privacy, Lin Ching-ah booked the entire top floor of the hotel in advance.

The top floor not only had the so-called presidential suite, but there were also many luxury suites. Among them, the presidential suite was the most luxurious. In addition to the indoor area of hundreds of square meters, there was even a private swimming pool on the top floor. The top of the swimming pool was unobstructed, surrounded by dense tropical plants and scenery to protect privacy. There were no buildings taller than this hotel, so the privacy of the guests was well protected.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue took a Cadillac off-road vehicle to the hotel alone. On the way, Li Mu vaguely reminded her that the hotel room was very large, with a total of three bedrooms. If Su Yingxue chose to live in a suite with him, there were two additional bedrooms for her to choose from. If she wanted to live alone, there were three empty suites on the top floor of the hotel. Although they were empty, they were paid for by Makino Technology, so Su Yingxue could choose at will.

Su Yingxue said to Li Mu naturally without thinking, "I'll live with you. It's too empty to live alone in a suite. I don't even have someone to talk to."

Although Su Yingxue looked calm on the surface, her heart was beating wildly.

Although Su Yingxue looked calm on the surface, her heart was beating wildly.

After arriving at the hotel, Li Mu and his entourage directly got off from the VIP floor of the underground garage of the hotel and took the exclusive elevator on the top floor directly upstairs. On the way, they would not meet any other guests of the hotel. If they wanted, they could stay here for a year without meeting any guests except for the service staff.

After the elevator reached the top floor, Li Mu walked out and said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, go take a shower and rest. We'll leave for the company in an hour."

Li Ziwei asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, do you want to rest a little longer?"

Li Mu waved his hand. "I slept for more than four hours on the plane. It's more than enough."

After that, Li Mu asked her, "How do you feel?

If you're too tired, you can rest a little longer. "

"I'm fine, Li Zong." Li Ziwei said, "Then we'll leave in an hour. I'll inform the team and Boss Lin."

Li Mu nodded and then took Su Yingxue's suitcase from her hand. He walked side by side with Su Yingxue to the end of the corridor and entered the only presidential suite in the hotel.

After entering the room, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "All the bedrooms of this suite are inside. Outside is the living room, dining room, conference room, and study. I'll go to the company in a while. You should have a good rest first. If you have any needs, call the exclusive housekeeper with any phone in the room and ask her to do it for you."

Su Yingxue nodded and looked around the huge living room. She asked with a smile, "Have you lived in such a big room alone before?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Otherwise?

Do you want to find a roommate at the last minute? "

Su Yingxue asked him, "The room is so big. Are you used to living in it?"

Li Mu shrugged and said, "At first, I was not used to living in a big house alone. It was the same in Yan Jing. The villa in Ziyun Villa was very spacious. When I first moved in, I sometimes felt scared and didn't dare to turn off the lights outside when I slept. But after I got used to it, it was fine."

As they talked, they passed through many rooms and arrived at a pentagonal hall. In addition to the entrance, there were four other sides of the pentagonal hall. Three of them had a door, and the left side was a corridor. Li Mu pointed to the corridor and said to Su Yingxue, "Out of this corridor is the sunscreen and the thermostatic swimming pool. The pool is very big and has good privacy. You can bask in the sun from 10 am to 3: 30 pm. You can relax here after you've rested."

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "I didn't bring a swimsuit …"

Li Mu teased and said, "It's fine if you don't wear a swimsuit. No one can see it except me."

Seeing that Su Yingxue was blushing, Li Mu hurriedly smiled and said, "I'm just joking with you. There's another hall after that. There are brand new swimsuits and clean towels in the cabinet."

Su Yingxue dodged Li Mu's teasing gaze and lightly nodded.

Li Mu pointed to the room on the right and said, "I've been living in this room. The other two rooms are empty. You can choose one."

Su Yingxue nodded and pointed to the room next to Li Mu's and said, "I'll stay in this room."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll help you send the suitcase in."

There were a total of three bedrooms in the suite, and each bedroom had its own toilet and bathroom. After Li Mu pushed the suitcase into the room, he said to Su Yingxue, "If you're tired, you can go to bed and rest. I have to take a shower and change my clothes. I'll try my best to come back and have lunch with you. If I can't come back, I'll give you a call in advance. At that time, you can ask the housekeeper to prepare lunch for you. If you're bored and want to go out, remember to tell the housekeeper. No matter where you want to go, she'll accompany you. If you need a car, the hotel will also provide it."

Su Yingxue said, "You don't have to worry about me. I'm someone who likes to stay alone. When I passed by the study room, I saw that there were quite a few books inside. I can just randomly pick one to pass the day."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I promise that I won't leave you alone in the hotel for the next few days. It's just that this matter is too important right now. After I've arranged this matter, I'll go out with you."

Su Yingxue gently smiled and said, "It's fine. You can do your work."

After saying that, Su Yingxue looked at the time and said, "Hurry up and take a shower. There's not much time left."

Li Mu nodded, "Alright. You should rest for a while too. You must be tired after flying for more than six hours."

"Alright."

…

Li Mu went to his room and quickly took a shower. Then, he set an alarm clock for half an hour later. He took a short nap on the bed to replenish his energy. When the alarm clock rang, he immediately got up, put on the clothes he had prepared, and immediately left the room.

Originally, he thought that Su Yingxue should be sleeping, so Li Mu didn't disturb her. He quietly walked out. When he passed by the dining room, he saw a figure in a spaghetti-strap nightgown busy at the dining table. Li Mu focused his eyes and saw that it was actually Su Yingxue.

"Yingxue, you didn't sleep?"

Su Yingxue was bringing food from a dining cart to the dining table. When she heard the sound, she knew that Li Mu had woken up. She turned around and said with a smile, "Are you going to leave?

I've asked someone to send a sandwich and warm milk. Eat some before you leave. "

At this moment, Su Yingxue's long black hair was loose and slightly wet. It seemed that she had just taken a shower. The lavender spaghetti-strap nightgown was very fitting, revealing her white shoulders and perfect collarbones. Coupled with her slender calves and ankles, it was so perfect that no one could find fault with it.

Li Mu was a little entranced, but fortunately, this state didn't last for too long. He looked at the watch on his wrist. There were still five minutes to the agreed hour, so he said to Su Yingxue, "It's time for me to go. You can eat first. Don't worry about me."

Su Yingxue hurriedly said, "Then wait for a moment."

As she said that, Su Yingxue carefully wrapped a sandwich in wrapping paper and handed a cup of warm milk to Li Mu. She said, "Drink some milk first, then eat the sandwich on the way. You're so smart, you know how important breakfast is without me telling you, right?"

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "You're really too considerate."

After saying that, he took the milk and drank more than half of it.

Su Yingxue handed the sandwich back to him and said, "If you're busy, don't bother coming back at noon. I can handle it myself."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Okay, I won't come back if I'm too busy."

After saying that, Li Mu lowered his head and gently kissed her forehead. He said, "I'm in a hurry, I'll go first."

Su Yingxue followed Li Mu to the door. When Li Mu opened the door, Li Ziwei was already standing three meters outside waiting for him. When she saw him open the door, she slightly bowed and said, "Li Zong, are we leaving on time?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "We're leaving on time."

Li Ziwei said, "The team is already waiting in the basement."

After saying that, Li Ziwei saw Su Yingxue coming over. He smiled at her and said, "Yingxue, good morning."

"Good morning, Sister Ziwei." Su Yingxue also responded with a smile.

Li Mu turned around and said to her, "Go back to eat, I'm leaving."

After saying goodbye to Su Yingxue, Li Mu and Li Ziwei walked side by side to the elevator. Li Ziwei said as they walked, "Larry Page from Google just called me and said that he wants to set up a time to meet with you. It's about what you talked to him about last time. He has something very important to discuss with you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Let's set it up for the night after tomorrow. Tell him that I'm quite busy recently, and the time might change at any time. I hope he can understand."

Larry Page must have come to a conclusion about him investing in Google. Although Li Mu couldn't wait to know how many shares Google was willing to give him, he still wanted to give Larry Page the cold shoulder. He wanted to set it up for the day after tomorrow, and he also wanted to tell Larry Page that the time might change at any time. He wanted to send a message: Google's matters are not that important to me, and I have to avoid many things.

By sending such a message, not only will I be more proactive in the upcoming meeting, but I can also make Larry Page and the entire Google senior management more nervous before the meeting.

"Okay, I'll reply to him later."

Li Ziwei said and continued, "I've already contacted Boss Lin. The team is waiting for you in the company's senior management meeting room. Once you arrive, we can start the meeting immediately. Boss Lin also said that 2.5 billion USD has been transferred to the company's offshore account, and he will be waiting for you 24/7."