Chapter 1063

"3321 in America?"

Li Mu didn't think that Lawrence would be interested in his 3321. He thought that Americans didn't even know about 3321.

In Li Mu's opinion, the things that Americans knew about him the most were YY and Paradise Town. As for the others, they would at most know about Taobao and Alipay. But for a completely charitable project like 3321, the possibility of Americans knowing about it was next to nothing.

Lawrence saw Li Mu's surprised expression and said seriously, "I've studied your 3321. I think this business model is really too innovative. Although it's still a service transaction in reality, it can be implemented on the Internet. This model is very good, and this project has great significance for American university students."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Principal Lawrence, do you think American university students need a part-time platform like 3321?"

"Yes!"

Lawrence said seriously, "You may think that America's economy is very developed, and so is its education. American university students won't be like Hua Xia students, who have more common financial difficulties. But in reality, American university education is very commercialized. Most of the universities in America are private universities, and the tuition is very expensive. On average, it's at least tens of thousands of dollars a year. But as far as I know, most of the universities in Hua Xia are public universities, and the tuition doesn't even exceed a thousand dollars a year. The difference is really too big."

As he said this, Lawrence said again, "Most university students in America can't get full scholarships. The expensive tuition is a huge expense for both the students and their families. A considerable number of students' families can't support the expenses of university, so they can only complete their studies through bank loans. This is very common among American university students."

Li Mu nodded thoughtfully and said, "So, the proportion of American university students who work part-time should be very high?"

"That's right."

Lawrence said, "Most American university students will work part-time to study. If they're lucky, they can get a position arranged by the school, but most of them need to find a suitable job in society. Most of them work in restaurants, and there are also many students who work part-time as tutors for middle school students. However, this market is very chaotic, and there is a lack of a smooth communication channel between the supply and demand sides. Therefore, I feel that the model of 3321 is really too suitable. If we bring it to the American market, it will definitely create a very high-quality part-time channel for American university students."

Li Mu said, "3321 is a huge online and offline project. Although I also hope to see it blossom in America, with the current size and workload of the Makino Technology team in America, it really doesn't have the ability to undertake such a huge project."

Li Mu paused for a moment before continuing, "If Mr. Principal really wants to try the 3321 model in the United States, I think we can try to cooperate."

Lawrence hurriedly asked him, "How do we cooperate?"

Li Mu said, "I will be responsible for building the 3321 American website and provide a full set of technical support. Then, I will personally invest two million US dollars in start-up funds and provide a small-scale operation team. Then, Harvard will provide most of the personnel needed for the operation and promotion. We will work together, starting from the universities in Cambridge and Boston, and then slowly expanding to Massachusetts. As for the profits from this project, I won't take a single cent. It will all be used by Harvard."

When Lawrence heard this, he immediately clapped his hands excitedly and blurted out, "That's great!

Harvard isn't relying on this project to make a profit. We also hope to be able to establish a commercial charity foundation like what you did in Hua Xia. While helping students to create part-time income, we can also accumulate funds for the foundation. Then, we can use this money to help other students who need help. This is a truly healthy model. "

Li Mu said, "Then let's establish a charity foundation together. After deducting all the operating costs from the 3321 American website, all the remaining income will be invested into the foundation."

Lawrence said excitedly, "That's the result I hope for the most!

I've even thought of the name of the foundation. Li Mu and Harvard Charity and Education Foundation. What do you think? "

Li Mu waved his hand and smiled modestly. "People in Hua Xia believe in Confucianism and don't like to be too ostentatious. So, it's better not to write their names in the name of the foundation …"

At this moment, Xie Huairu said, "Li Mu, as the saying goes, when in Rome, do as the Romans do. Almost all companies in America are named after people. It's the same for foundations. Do you know the name of Bill Gates' foundation?"

Li Mu shook his head. "I don't know about it."

Xie Huairu smiled. "It's called 'Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.' It's the couple's name."

As he said this, Xie Huairu said with a serious face, "This isn't China. When it's time to be ostentatious, just be ostentatious. The more ostentatious, the more it's in line with the mainstream values of Americans. Otherwise, if you're too low-key, it'll cause the opposite effect."

Li Mu thought for a while and felt that what Xie Huairu said made sense. This was America, not China. If he named his company "Li Mu Technology Development Co., Ltd." in China, he would probably be scolded to death. If he named the 3321 Bursary Foundation "Li Mu Bursary Foundation," it would probably also be disliked.

In fact, in Li Mu's impression, there were no entrepreneurs in China who dared to be so direct.

But for countries like America and Japan, they were very used to naming their companies and funds. Americans wouldn't feel that it was exaggerated at all. Instead, they felt that it was a very normal thing.

If the 3321 American website was launched, it would be promoted and operated in the American market. If he established a charity education foundation with Harvard, it would also be a foundation registered in the United States. And there was no doubt that this foundation would receive a lot of support and recognition in the American market. It would be very beneficial to him and his company's future development in the United States. If his name was in the foundation's name, then this relationship would naturally be obvious. If not, it would be much more troublesome to make an issue out of this.

After thinking about it, Li Mu made a decision. He raised his glass and said to Lawrence, "Mr. Principal, I wish us a happy cooperation."

Lawrence was especially happy. He also raised his glass and clinked it with Li Mu. "Happy cooperation!"

The matter of operating the 3321 American website with Harvard was settled. Li Mu promised Lawrence that after he returned to China, he would immediately send an operation team from 3321 to the United States. At the same time, he would also send a maintenance team from Makino Technology, which was responsible for providing technical support to 3321. After the two teams arrived in the United States, they could immediately start work related to the 3321 American website.

Lawrence was naturally very satisfied with Li Mu's highly efficient arrangements. According to this speed, the 3321 American website could probably be launched at the end of 2002. If it was a little slower, it would definitely be launched at the beginning of 2003.

Li Mu was also very happy. He didn't think that apart from doing business in the United States, he would also accidentally find a way to do charitable work in the United States.

The so-called charitable work didn't mean that he wanted to donate money to the Americans. Instead, he wanted to bring 3321's model to the United States. He wanted to let the American students earn money by themselves, and at the same time, he wanted to donate money to American education. Through this project, Li Mu could gain faith in the American market, killing many birds with one stone.

Lawrence attached great importance to this matter. He arranged for Xie Huairu to specially coordinate with Li Mu on the spot.

After Li Mu fulfilled Lawrence's wish, his own selfishness started to play tricks. He said to Lawrence, "Mr. Principal, I have a personal request. I hope you can agree to it."

Lawrence hurriedly said, "Just say it. I'll definitely agree to anything I can do!"

Li Mu smiled. "My alma mater, People's University, is about to start an exchange program with your school. The overall strength of the National People's Congress is much weaker than that of Harvard. I hope that your school can take care of this batch of exchange students. I also hope that in the future, both schools can carry on this kind of student exchange program for a long time."

Lawrence immediately smiled. "Don't worry about this!

Harvard will definitely provide all the facilities and support that can be provided for the exchange students of People's University. "

As he spoke, Lawrence pointed at Xie Huairu and said, "You can also coordinate with Andy on these matters. He was the one who proposed this student exchange program. He has always been in charge of the specific operations."

Li Mu looked at Xie Huairu in surprise and asked him, "Principal Xie, you were the one who proposed the student exchange program with the National People's Congress?"

Xie Huairu's smile was a bit unnatural, but this expression disappeared in a flash. After he adjusted himself, he smiled at Li Mu and said, "Harvard is very interested in a school that can cultivate a genius like you. We also hope to understand more about the other students of the National People's Congress."

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "Thank you, Principal Xie. Thank you for providing this rare opportunity for the students of the National People's Congress."

Xie Huairu smiled and said, "We also hope to learn some experience. We hope that we can also cultivate an outstanding youth like you in the future."

Li Mu smiled and pointed at Mark Zuckerberg beside him. "Mark talked to me a little on the way here. He is also trying some entrepreneurial ideas. I think Harvard can set up a fund in the future to specifically support students in entrepreneurship."

Xie Huairu glanced at Mark Zuckerberg and said with a smile, "I'll mention this to the school in the future."

Mark Zuckerberg saw that Li Mu and Xie Huairu were talking about him, but because he didn't understand Chinese, he didn't know what they were talking about. After a long time, he finally seized the opportunity and asked Li Mu in a low voice, "Mr Li, were you talking about me with Principal Xie just now?"