Chapter 1080

As someone who had worked in the film industry for many years, Spielberg paid special attention to the online ticketing system that Li Mu mentioned.

Li Mu answered his question, "This system has already been fully developed. I have purchased a number of cinemas in Hua Xia and Yanjing. They have been completely remodeled and connected to this online ticketing system. It will be officially put into use next month. If there are no problems with this system, we will find a way to promote it to more cinemas. Hopefully, all of them will be included."

Tom Hanks praised, "I believe that this will be a great benefit to the cinemas themselves. Not only will it increase their attendance, but it will also reduce their staff and management costs."

Leonardo listened seriously for a long time and said, "Tom is right. For the cinemas, the benefits of this system are obvious. It will allow them to break through the limitations of space. They will no longer only be able to sell tickets at a few windows in their cinemas. Instead, they will be able to sell tickets to the entire internet. This is a great idea!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Our product concept is to make it as convenient as possible for users to pay and experience the experience. We will completely simplify the process of buying tickets and watching movies. Once we reduce the cost of users' behavior, it will naturally increase the frequency of users' usage. If an ordinary citizen living in Los Angeles goes to the cinema twice a month, then my goal is to make them go to the cinema three or four times a month through a complete and convenient online ticketing system. This way, the changes and impact on the entire market will be huge."

In his previous life, the box office of Hua Xia's movies soared. From Li Mu's point of view, on one hand, it benefited from the increase in per capita GDP, which gave people a higher level of demand for entertainment and corresponding spending power. On the other hand, it was closely related to the promotion of Hua Xia's internet industry.

In Hua Xia's internet industry, there were countless online ticketing products for movies and performances, and most of them were very good. In 2015 and 2016, at least 75% of the box office of Hua Xia's movies came from online ticketing platforms and online shopping platforms. Offline sales only accounted for a little more than 20% of the total box office. From this, it could be seen that the promotion of online ticketing to the entire film industry was very obvious.

Back then, although Hua Xia's online ticketing system started relatively early, there were no giants and large capitals in the early days. Therefore, there was no industry leader in the beginning. There were only a bunch of entrepreneurial companies working in this field. The ticket terminals of each company were not interoperable, and the delivery was a problem. It was difficult to unify the entire industry with that kind of competition. It was not until giants appeared, that was, Tengxun and Alibaba entered. Only then did they use WeChat, Taobao, and Alipay to become the two major platforms in the online ticketing field.

Li Mu now had an excellent card in his hand. He was now the pioneer of the online ticketing system. Not only had he accumulated all the software and hardware of the product, but he had also built a patent barrier. In addition, he was now the only giant in Hua Xia's internet industry. With the strength and resources of a giant to promote the online ticketing system, he would definitely be able to directly form a high degree of unity.

Li Mu's goal was to let all cinemas use his own ticketing sales and management system in the early stages. This system itself could greatly improve their daily work efficiency and management efficiency, and reduce human and material costs. Once they adopted this system, their ticketing sales would be transmitted to his online ticketing system in real time.

In addition to the unified ticketing system, he also wanted to put his own ticketing terminals in all the cinemas, and this set of terminals would be reserved for the opening of other online ticketing systems in the future. In the future, if other competitors appeared, Li Mu could use the ready-made data system and the offline ticketing terminals to include it in his own system to survive.

The significance of laying a good foundation in an industry in advance was very significant. If Li Mu was one step ahead of all his competitors and set up the battle in advance in the country, or even the United States and North America, not only could he lock all the cinema systems, but he could also seize all the terminal resources that had sunk to the cinema. At that time, anyone who wanted to compete with him would have to think about it in advance.

If the opponent was a startup team, then he could not afford the cost of the coverage alone. If he chose to start in a certain region first, then he could casually take out a few million yuan from the entire national market profits and directly suppress the opponent in the region where he started. He could easily strangle the opponent in the cradle by using the terminal ticket price as a way to make a loss.

In this case, to compete with him, only a large enterprise or a large capital could achieve it. However, even if it was a large capital, he did not have to worry. The larger the capital investment, the more cautious it would be. With such a huge opponent like him here, it would be difficult for a large capital to find a suitable entry point. Fight with money?

That would be great, because he had already established a scale and had profits. If the opponent wanted to compete with him from the beginning, it would not be easy to stop once they started burning money.

Li Mu was not worried at all about the domestic cinema market. With YY's strong promotion ability, all the cinema chains would not reject him to cooperate with him. After all, YY's true strength was not just in the push, but in the refinement of the push!

Not only could they send out different push notifications based on gender and age, but they could also send out regional push notifications based on the place of registration and login IP. This was very applicable to the cinema chains.

As long as the Yanjing cinema chains cooperated with him, they could directly send out push notifications to all the Yanjing IP login users, young people aged 18-38, and middle-aged people. It would definitely lead to a very direct conversion. They could even push Haidian cinemas to Haidian users, further increasing the refinement and conversion rate of the push. Just this resource alone would be enough for the cinema chains to beg him for help.

However, in the US, Li Mu did not have enough confidence. Although YY was currently very popular, his next focus was to establish a data processing center to ensure the stable development of YY, Paradise Town, and the future Plants vs Zombies in the US. He did not have the energy to penetrate into the cinema chain industry. Moreover, the development of the cinema chains in the US was far more advanced than in China, not to mention the level of complexity. If Li Mu wanted to implement an online ticketing system in the US, he would need the cooperation of the local tyrant, or else the efficiency would be very low.

In Li Mu's eyes, the best partner to cooperate with was Spielberg!

Spielberg's influence in Hollywood went without saying. Although there were many A-list directors, there were not many A-list directors who could make a commercial film to his level. The more commercial a director was, the more recognition he would have in the market. Therefore, Spielberg was a potential partner in Li Mu's eyes.

Moreover, Spielberg was a very financially minded person. He had his own film company, his own film and television production team, and a huge amount of industry resources and connections. If he could help him promote the development of the online ticketing system in the US, it would definitely be very effective.

At this time, Spielberg was also particularly interested in Li Mu's online ticketing system. After careful consideration, he asked him, "If you want other cinemas to join the online ticketing system, the most important thing is to let them all switch to your ticketing management system?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Under normal circumstances, cinemas have to use our system, so that they can ensure the real-time exchange of information. But what's good is that our system itself is a very efficient ticketing management system, which is of great benefit to cinemas. The most important thing is that it is completely free. We will also provide a dedicated maintenance team, so this in itself is a 100% good thing for them."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "It doesn't matter if the cinemas have their own system. When our technology structured the whole solution, we reserved a data interface. We only need the other party to make an interface with our online ticketing system in their system and transmit the ticketing information in real time."

Spielberg nodded and asked, "Then how are you going to split the bill with the cinemas for your online ticketing system?

This should be the question that the cinemas are most concerned about. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "For the cinemas that have joined the online ticketing system, we will set a very low percentage, only taking a maximum of 5% of the operating income, and the account period will not exceed one month."

A movie ticket that cost ten dollars, 5% of the operating income could only earn a gross profit of 50 cents. This 50 cents of gross profit also had to bear the development, operation, and maintenance costs of the online ticketing system itself. In total, Li Mu might not even be able to make money.

However, what Li Mu really wanted to do was not to earn the commission from ticket distribution. What he really wanted to do was to win over users. If more than 50% of the movie audience would buy tickets through his online ticketing platform in the future, it would be equivalent to him holding the lifeline of the entire movie industry in his hands!

At that time, the cinemas would have to surrender to him. If he wanted to temporarily increase the percentage of the profit, they could only agree. Otherwise, once they left his platform, it would be equivalent to leaving at least half of the audience.

However, Li Mu did not want to rely on such a cheap method to make money. Instead, he hoped to use this opportunity to develop his own film and television and distribution company. At that time, his company's films could be used to ask the cinemas to give more screenings. At the same time, he would also give his own films more promotional resources on his own platform and work hard to increase the box office.

In this way, not only could he attack, but he could also retreat and defend.

Once the cinemas deliberately gave more screenings to the works of other film and television companies because of their cooperation with other companies, or deliberately gave less screenings to his own company's works, he could directly freeze the other party's works on the online ticketing platform. Even if the other party had a lot of screenings, they would not be able to guarantee the attendance rate. In the end, they would still have to compromise with him!