Chapter 605

More than a dozen video advertisements made by a large number of stars were constantly brewing on the Internet.

Sometimes, a star could support a brand, let alone so many stars. For most enterprises, the cost of hiring stars was ridiculously high. However, for Taobao, it didn't cost a penny. For record companies and these stars, they needed to build a good relationship with Taobao and the Makino Technology behind Taobao. Therefore, recording a small video for them was just a matter of lifting a finger. It was nothing at all. However, for users, this influence was too great.

Users didn't understand the relationship between Taobao and record companies, nor did they understand what Taobao meant to record companies. When they saw these videos, they simply felt that Taobao was awesome, and it was not just an ordinary kind of awesome, so they instinctively increased their recognition and trust of Taobao in their hearts.

According to the backend data, many users even watched more than a dozen video advertisements. Some people even sorted out all the stars who advertised for Taobao in Tieba and posted the list. This made people feel the power of Taobao more intuitively.

All of a sudden, these more than a dozen videos became the object of heated discussion among netizens, and the number of views of the videos was also increasing.

Although the current streaming media processing technology was not in place, watching videos online was no longer a big problem. At present, online Flash was very popular. Many original songs had Flash animation versions of MVs, and they received a lot of attention on the Internet. For example, Snow Village's "Northeasterners are Living Lei Feng", Noon Sunshine's "I Started to Rock and Roll". Some domestic Flash animations had also begun to become more and more popular on the Internet, such as "Tales of the Three Kingdoms", "The Deer and the Cauldron", and so on. This was the initial stage of the birth of video websites.

Once the era of Flash passed, online video websites would be born. Li Mu had the idea of starting a video website for a moment. However, it would take three years before YouTube was born, so Li Mu gave up the idea of starting a video website. It was better not to mess with this kind of money-burning and primitive way of making profits. He focused on developing Makino Technology and Taobao. When the spring of online video came, these two companies could easily buy Hua Xia's largest video website with just 1% or 2% of the market value.

In order to improve the efficiency of the logistics company's establishment, he specially poached two alumni from his old classmates who were very good at doing things. One was Du Haifeng, and the other was Xiao He. Both of them graduated from the National People's Congress and majored in financial management. Later, they studied MBAs at Tsinghua University and Yan University respectively. One worked for Oracle, and the other worked for a well-known investment bank. Both of them were middle-level managers. Because Taobao had made too many moves recently and had unprecedented influence, it didn't take Liu Xiaodong much effort to poach these two people.

Xiao He was good at business management and capital operation. He joined the investment bank as soon as he graduated from his MBA. Until now, he had never been in touch with the Internet. Although he was somewhat out of touch with the Internet, he had a very clear vision and strategy in the actual operation of enterprises and the direction of capital development. Therefore, Liu Xiaodong put him in charge of investment and acquisition as soon as he came up. The acquisition was very simple. First, he needed to buy a certain scale of offline logistics fleet. This kind of fleet was not a logistics company that covered all directions. Instead, it was a group of 20 to 30 vehicles that specialized in point-to-point transportation on certain routes. According to Li Mu's plan, they needed such a fleet in the early stage to meet Li Mu's subsequent strategic planning in logistics.

Xiao He quickly made a rough cost estimate. If he built a fleet by himself, the cost was not high. Since the positioning was point-to-point transportation, he only considered medium and large trucks. If he planned to invest 15 medium-sized trucks and 10 heavy trucks in the early stage to meet Li Mu's needs, the total investment in the early stage would not exceed 15 million yuan. Even if he used imported tractors, such as Benz, Volvo, or Scania, it would only cost about 20 million yuan. However, the problem was that it was easy to build a fleet. It was easy to buy a car, but it was more troublesome to recruit drivers and manage the fleet. Therefore, it was far more reliable to build a fleet by himself than to buy one. It would be more convenient to buy all the cars and people together and be ready to work at any time.

Liu Xiaodong handed over the task of buying a fleet to Xiao He, and he began to secretly poach people with Du Haifeng. Perhaps because he was resentful, he started in Yan Jing first. The first people he poached were the people from Out-of-Home.

…

The experience of making Mo Wenwei famous overnight made Li Mu start to look at the whole entertainment circle. He didn't want to mix in the entertainment circle, but he hoped to set up a flag in the entertainment circle. In short, he wanted his company and brand to have an extraordinary influence in the entertainment circle.

Therefore, he planned to let the business interface of Makino Technology communicate with the record company and open a verified account in Tieba for each of their contracted singers, so that they could officially enter Tieba and manage their own fan groups in Tieba. In order to encourage stars to actively participate, Li Mu threw out a model of "all-channel promotion" to lure the record company and their singers.

The so-called all-channel promotion was the combination of Makino Technology and Taobao. In a short period of time, they gathered all the channels together to promote a singer's album, just like how they promoted Mo Wenwei a few days ago. However, this time, Li Mu made a clear standard: all the singers who participated in all-channel promotion could get a pop-up window recommendation from all YY users, a banner recommendation from all Tieba, a banner recommendation from Easy Listening, and a banner recommendation from Taobao. First, users would be directed from YY to Easy Listening and let them listen to the songs. Then, users who were interested in the songs would be directed to Tieba, so that they could participate in interaction and gradually become deep fans. Finally, users would be directed to Taobao to buy the album and realize the realization of fans' realization.

This kind of all-channel promotion was undoubtedly very attractive to record companies and singers. Because Mo Wenwei's great success was right in front of everyone, everyone wanted to have such an opportunity to get this kind of all-channel promotion. Li Mu also maintained his usual tactful style. He didn't mention the conditions for the all-channel promotion, but he revealed the weight of the participation: the more a singer worked hard on managing the Tieba, the more likely he would get the all-channel promotion.

Li Mu's weight condition was very important. Did you say that if you worked hard on Tieba, you would have a chance to get all-channel promotion?

Of course, it was not a joke. In the end, it was up to Li Mu to decide who would get it. But he could tell you clearly that if you didn't manage your Tieba well, you wouldn't even think about it.

So, if you wanted to get all-channel promotion?

You should work hard on your own Tieba first.

The reason why Li Mu mobilized the singers and let them actively participate in Tieba was not only to improve the value of Tieba and the cohesion of users, but more importantly, he needed to let these singers develop the habit of managing fan groups on the Internet platform. Then, when the portal was established, he would rely on the portal to open his personal blog, which was equivalent to a public YYZone. At that time, the blog product needed to be promoted by these singers.

As for Weibo, Li Mu didn't plan to do it for the time being. The interaction speed of information on Weibo was too fast, and the information was highly concentrated. It was easy to become a huge gathering place of opinions in an instant. If he didn't control it well, it was very easy to cause political risks. It was not easy to start such a project for the time being.

In addition, in the future, the mainland of Hua Xia would be a huge entertainment industry market. If he could establish prestige in the entertainment industry first, it would be much more convenient to do anything in the future. With this layer of influence, if Makino Image wanted to make a movie in the future, good directors would naturally be willing to cooperate, and good actors would be even more willing to cooperate. Moreover, because of his great influence and high speaking power, the cost of cooperation would also be reduced a lot. In addition, if Makino Image's movie was to be screened in cinemas, Li Mu could also use the resources of Makino Technology to negotiate conditions with cinemas. I have a powerful recommendation channel in my hand, and I can quickly put movie information advertisements to tens of millions of users. As long as you arrange enough screening resources for me, the attendance rate and box office will be greatly guaranteed.

Next, Makino Image would plan to cooperate with Xiangnan Satellite TV on "Super Girl". The record company and singer foundation that he had now laid down could play a very big effect. In his previous life, the judges of the first few sessions of Super Girl were almost all unqualified goods. If he did it himself, it would be much simpler. Can Hong Kong's King Zhang Xuebing do it?

Taiwan's Xiao Yaxuan is passable, right?

Mainland's Tian Zhen is quite famous now, right?

Or is it enough to add Teacher Liu Huan?

Don't mention how high their value is or how big their airs are. If they throw out the resources of all channels, I believe that no one will not be tempted. If they are not tempted enough, then give them double the amount.

In addition to talent shows, if they want to be a reality show brand in the future, they also need strong entertainment industry resources. If a long-lasting reality show like Running Man wants to do it, it will cost a lot of money just for the star's appearance fee. But what if this is done by Makino Image?

Will they take the initiative to discount the price, or even go on the show for free?

This is not impossible. As long as other resources are given enough, it is possible to pay for it.

Once the resources are linked together, the influence produced is naturally unprecedented. One plus one is greater than two, one plus one is greater than five, and one plus one can be greater than ten.

The all-channel promotion model has not yet been released, and Li Mu has already begun to prepare to extend the tentacles of influence to Hong Kong. He wants to unite with Rolling Stone Records to help Du Wei release "Next Stop Heavenly Queen" in Hong Kong, let this song hit the charts in Hong Kong, and let Du Wei become famous in Hong Kong. At the same time, he has also asked Ding Jian, the commercial director of Makino Technology, to prepare for offline promotion in Hong Kong. This time, he wants to let the two products, YY and Tieba, officially enter the vision of all Hong Kong people and take root in the current base camp of the Chinese entertainment industry.