Chapter 948

Time passed until eight o 'clock in the evening.

For such a long time, Li Mu had not closed his eyes or eaten anything. He had been drinking Red Bull the entire time, and his eyes were red.

The others were basically the same as him, except that they were so sleepy that they would lie on the conference table and take a nap for a while, unlike Li Mu, who was not sleepy at all because of his anxiety.

At the same time, the Taobao 929 promotion had entered a new peak. The number of orders had begun to surge during this golden period. Sales had already exceeded 6.5 billion, and it had entered another peak of growth.

The backstage monitoring showed that the system had given out more and more coupons for winning orders. A large number of users who had already purchased were still completing new orders. The users who had placed the most orders had placed more than 200 orders in the 20 hours since midnight!

There were close to a hundred and fifty unique addresses!

It could be seen that Li Mu's strategy of promoting orders had already worked. A large number of users had begun to help other non-registered users place orders and close deals, adding bricks and tiles to the overall sales of the Taobao 929 promotion.

Now, all the Taobao employees, the entire industry, and even the entire country's people were paying attention to the astonishing achievements of the Taobao 929 promotion. This had become a nationwide online shopping carnival. However, only Li Mu, the creator, had no time to care about the achievements of Taobao.

It was eight o 'clock at night!

It was already eight o 'clock at night!

The first scene was still unconfirmed!

As the sky turned completely dark, it became even more difficult to investigate the scene!

The anxiety in Li Mu's heart was indescribable. There were several times when he wanted to throw his laptop to the ground and stomp on it a few times to vent his anxiety.

At 8: 20 pm, there was finally good news. Wei Lan's car had been found!

However, twenty minutes later, there was another piece of bad news.

The car had been found, but no valuable clues had been found. The front and back of the car had been hit. It seemed that at the time of the crime, she had been attacked by the other party from the front and back before being kidnapped. The kidnappers had driven her car to a corner of a public parking lot. When they left, they had gotten rid of almost all the traces that could be gotten rid of. The criminal investigation experts at the scene had only collected a male's footprint. Preliminary speculation was that the other party was about 180 centimeters tall, weighed about 65 kilograms, and was thin.

The fake footprints played a very good role in confusing the police. It was not easy for the police to track down a clue related to a person, but it was still wrong.

After that, the clues were cut off again, because the criminal investigation experts chased the man's footprints for a few dozen meters before they stopped.

The response from the scene was: "The other party climbed over the wall, and it's very difficult to preserve footprints on the concrete floor. Moreover, 20 hours have passed, and pedestrians, bicycles, and motorcycles have been running over him. It's completely impossible to extract footprints."

Gu Jianghe was also going crazy.

He chased after the suspect's car, but he couldn't find it. He chased after Wei Lan's car, but it was a dead end. He chased after the suspect who was driving Wei Lan's BMW, but he lost track of it after chasing for a few dozen meters. This was simply too much!

The criminal techniques of these guys were really superb. They could actually handle the crime scene and the evidence without a clue. Although there was no truly flawless crime case in the world, and they would definitely find valuable clues if they searched carefully, this was not a murder case. They had years or even decades to slowly track down the murderer!

This was a f * cking kidnapping!

A kidnapping case also meant that time waits for no one!

If they still couldn't find any clues in the next 28 hours, and they still couldn't lock onto Wei Lan's location, then if the public security wanted to solve the case, they could only wait for Wei Lan's body to appear, and then use her body to track the criminal …

There was a short silence at the scene. Despair brewed in everyone's hearts, and then it uncontrollably appeared on everyone's faces.

Li Mu's hair was almost pulled into a bird's nest. At this time, he really had a feeling of helplessness. He knew it was Song Zhilei, but he had no clues to find him. This was simply too painful!

Just as Li Mu was about to go berserk, Li Mu's mind suddenly grasped a clue!

He stood up all of a sudden, and the chair he was sitting on was pushed far away by him. The huge movement startled everyone, and their gazes converged on him at the same time.

Li Mu blurted out, "No matter what, Song Zhilei must have a phone on him!

He needs a phone to communicate with his subordinates, and he also needs a phone to communicate with his wife and children!

He has already disappeared from Shanghai for six days. During these six days, it's very likely that he has been preparing to commit a crime in Yanjing. He wants to kidnap and kill people, so it's impossible for him to bring his wife and children with him. After so many days, he must frequently contact his wife and children!

So this phone, he definitely won't turn it off!

At least it won't be turned off for a long time!

Find this phone, find the phone, and we can find Song Zhilei! "

The criminal investigation expert nodded. "Li Zong, you're right. According to common sense, he must have another phone on him, but we've checked all the phone numbers under his name, and they were all turned off six days ago. This also means that the phone number he changed now has no substantial connection with him. It could even be a phone card that he bought from any street phone booth. In the vast sea of people, we can't find any relevant clues at all …"

Li Mu was particularly emotional as he roared, "Don't tell me that you can't find anything at all!

If you can't find him, then find his wife and children!

Find his wife and children!

I want to know where his wife and children are now!

Especially look at the immigration records, see if they are still in the country!

Check immediately!

Check immediately! "

Gu Jianghe immediately said to the criminal investigation expert and the public security technical personnel beside him, "Check the civil aviation records immediately, see if there are any travel records of Song Zhilei's wife and children!"

Currently, trains and cars didn't have a real-name registration system. The only real-name travel method that could be checked was civil aviation.

The technical personnel immediately used his computer to check, and after a while, he exclaimed, "Just six days ago, his wife and children had already taken a China Airlines flight out of the country and flew to Australia!"

"Abroad?!"

Li Mu's eyes lit up, and he hurriedly asked, "Can you find out if their family has an Australian green card?

Is there any property in Australia?

If there is any property, is there a registered mobile phone and landline phone?! "

Gu Jianghe immediately said to the technical personnel, "Contact the security department and ask them to help with the investigation. Just say it's urgent, the sooner the better!"

Ten minutes later, the security department replied, "Song Zhilei's entire family has an Australian green card, and they have a villa in the suburbs of Sydney, Australia. There is no registered mobile phone in the local area, but there is a landline phone registered under the property, and the number has been checked."

Other than Gu Jianghe, everyone else was completely shocked by the power of the security department. They could actually find such detailed overseas information in such a short time, and it was amazing.

After getting a landline phone number in Sydney, Li Mu immediately got excited, and asked the technical personnel of the two mobile operators to check to see if there were any recent calls to this number in the country. It was impossible for Song Zhilei to not contact his wife and children for five days, and Li Mu was sure that he would definitely call!

So they would definitely find clues!

They might even directly find out which mobile phone Song Zhilei was using!

Everyone was also aware of this, and everyone held their breath excitedly. When the technical personnel of the two mobile operators entered the number and instructions, their fingers were trembling nervously, because everyone knew that success or failure depended on this!

A minute later, the person from Unicom was the first to shake his head. "We have compared it here, and there is no such number."

After another minute, the person from Unicom said, "Although we have it here, this is a call record from a few months ago. The person who made the call was Song Zhilei's mobile phone number with four eights. Other than that, there have been no other calls in the past few months."

The criminal investigation expert from the public security department immediately said, "Should we ask the landline service provider to help us with the investigation?"

Li Mu shook his head. "On one hand, I don't believe that Song Zhilei would take the risk to find a landline phone to make a call, and on the other hand, we need his real-time location!

What problem can a landline phone solve? "

The logical thinking of a programmer made everyone fall silent again. Li Mu was right, he wanted the real-time location, and not the location of the landline phone that Song Zhilei called Australia at a certain time!

At this moment, Li Mu was in extreme pain. The fire of hope that had just been ignited in his heart was extinguished again, and this made him feel extremely unwilling.

There must be a way … I must have missed something … He will definitely contact his wife and children, there is no doubt about this, and there is definitely no such thing as a landline phone, he must have a mobile phone!

A mobile phone that can call his wife and children at any time!

Li Mu bent over the table, his hands grabbing his hair as he thought hard. At this moment, his brain felt like it was about to explode.

In his brain, countless keywords were like a screen full of bullet screens, densely packed and coming one after another, but the biggest keyword was mobile phone!

Li Mu immediately felt as if he had grasped some kind of clue, but he could not understand it in a short period of time. Now that the clue had circled around Song Zhilei's wife and children, and they had flown across the ocean to Australia, there were more elements, and it was even more complicated to sort them out.

Mobile phone!

Mobile phone!

Mobile phone!!!

Just as Li Mu was about to go crazy, the bullet screens in his brain suddenly exploded. He straightened up and said somewhat crazily, "Mobile phone!

Mobile phone!

That's right!! "

Everyone looked at Li Mu's crazed look and knew that he was thinking about the problem, so no one dared to say a word to disturb him.

Five minutes later, Li Mu suddenly strode over to the whiteboard in the corner of the conference room, and wrote six words on the left and right sides of the whiteboard.

Left side: Domestic – Mobile phone, landline

Right side: Overseas – Mobile phone, landline

Then, Li Mu pointed to the left side of the column for domestic, mobile phone, landline, and said loudly to everyone, "First of all!

I can be sure of one thing: Song Zhilei will definitely contact his wife and children abroad!

That is to say, there must be a line connecting the domestic mobile phone and landline to the foreign mobile phone and landline! "

Everyone nodded.

A man's wife and three children went abroad, and he was kidnapped in the country, it was impossible for him not to contact his wife and children. This was human nature.

Li Mu said again, "And the second thing I can be sure of is that Song Zhilei must be using a mobile phone in the country!

It can't be a landline! "

After saying that, Li Mu made a cross on the domestic column on the left.

Then, Li Mu pointed at the words "mobile phone" and "landline" in the foreign column on the right and continued, "We've checked just now. No domestic mobile phone has contacted the foreign landline recently. However, based on our inference just now, there must be a connection between the domestic and foreign mobile phones. Therefore, we can deduce that the only possible way of contact is through a domestic mobile phone to a foreign mobile phone!"

After Li Mu finished speaking, he drew a line between the words "mobile phone" and "mobile phone" under the domestic and foreign columns!

Everyone nodded in agreement.

The operator's technical staff said, "But we have no way of knowing the phone number of the foreign mobile phone …"

A smile that had not been seen all day finally appeared on Li Mu's face. He said, "It doesn't matter if there is no phone number. Today, I will use the logic of a programmer to find this b * stard!"

As soon as this was said, everyone became 120% alert.

Li Mu said to the technical staff of the two operators, "From now on, follow my instructions step by step."

"No problem!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "First of all, I want the records of all your calls to Australia in Yan Jing and Shanghai in the past six days."

Although both companies supported international long-distance calls, the cost of international long-distance calls was very expensive. Therefore, Li Mu was certain that even if he took out the call records from Beijing and Shanghai to Australia, even if he took out the call records from all over the country for the past six days, there might not be tens of thousands of records!

Song Zhilei's phone number must be among them!

A few minutes later, the results came out.

In the past six days, there were more than two thousand call records from Yanjing and Shanghai users to Australia; Unicom had more than one thousand.

Li Mu said, "Now, filter out all the phone numbers that have only called once in the past six days. Song Zhilei caused such a big commotion in China, he should be most worried about his wife and children. It is impossible that he only called once in six days."

Everyone immediately caught onto the inspiration, and the operator's technical staff began the first detailed screening.

Most of the users who called Australia in the past six days had only called once. So, most of them were filtered out this time.

There were more than 170 mobile users left. Unicom users had more than 120 users left.

There were a total of 300 users left. Everyone was excited!

This was because everyone had a feeling that Song Zhilei's phone number was among these 300 users!

The scope was reduced by a lot!

At this moment, Li Mu also became excited. He continued, "I'm guessing that Song Zhilei must have changed his phone number after sending his wife and child to the plane. Then, he told his wife the new phone number in advance and told his wife to use the phone number registered there to contact him when she arrived in Australia, instead of using the landline at home. So, I'm guessing that Song Zhilei's current phone number is most likely bought in Shanghai. So, let's try to temporarily remove the users in Beijing!"

The technical staff immediately began the second detailed screening.

This time, they only kept the local users in Shanghai who had called Australia more than once in the past six days.

There were 90 mobile users left. Unicom users left.

There were 160 target users left!

Everyone's palms were full of sweat. Song Zhilei's whereabouts were getting closer and closer to them!

Li Mu adjusted his breathing and said, "Also, Song Zhilei must be in Yanjing now. There's no doubt about that. Doesn't your base station keep roaming records?

Okay, filter for me. Among these 160 users, how many have roamed to Yanjing in the past six days! "

Genius!!!

Gu Jianghe almost slapped the table and exclaimed!

Are the internet people's logical thinking so crazy?

Using such a seemingly illusory method to increase the screening conditions bit by bit and narrow down the scope of screening bit by bit, every condition was like a test with less than half of the passing rate. After repeated tests, only a very small number of people would be left in the end. At that time, even if the last batch of people were to be tracked down, it would be more than ten thousand times easier than searching for a needle in a haystack!

The conditions for this round of screening were extremely strict:

1. Local users in Shanghai;

2. Made more than one international call to Australia in the past six days;

3. Roamed to Yanjing in the past six days.

After the third round of screening, there were eight mobile users left. Unicom users only had three!

Gu Jianghe blurted out, "Immediately investigate these 11 mobile phone numbers and locate them!"

"Wait!" Li Mu stretched out a hand to interrupt him, and said, "Sift it again!

This time, from these 11 people, filter out the users who roamed directly from Shanghai to Beijing. Only those who roamed all the way from other provinces and cities to Beijing are left! "

Everyone's eyes were red!

'Damn!

This guy is a genius among geniuses!

He's godly! '

Gu Jianghe and the other experts were completely convinced!

They were shocked and amazed. At the same time, they sighed in their hearts. 'Every single one of Li Mu's screening conditions was impeccable!

Song Zhilei had lost all his records six days ago. There were no flight records of him going to Yanjing either. This meant that he must have come to Yanjing by land. He either drove, took a bus, or took a train.

If he had flown to Yanjing, regardless of whether his phone was turned off or not, he would have already arrived in Yanjing by the time he landed. Therefore, it was impossible for him to have left any roaming records in Nansu Province, Huizhou Province, or Qilu Province.

However, if he had traveled from Shanghai by land, there was no doubt that he would have left roaming records in all the provinces and cities along the way!

Therefore, this screening condition could be further narrowed down to only 11 people!

Everyone held their breath. Unicom's technician was the first to say, "We don't have them here. All three of them logged off in Shanghai. When they logged back in, they were already in Yanjing. The interval between them also matches the flight time. Therefore, we can be sure that they all came by plane."

Mobile suddenly felt a lot of pressure. After a while, Mobile's technician almost shouted excitedly, "They're out!

They're out!

There was only one user who fulfilled all of Li Zong's screening conditions!

This number was an anonymous card for international roaming in China. It had just been activated in Shanghai seven days ago!

In the past five days, he has made 11 calls to Australia!

Everything matches! "

Li Mu kicked the whiteboard shelf in front of him to the ground and threw the whiteboard pen in his hand. At that moment, all his suppressed emotions exploded. His eyes were red as he roared, "F * ck!

This number is definitely him! "

…