Chapter 826

After the details of the cooperation were settled, everyone felt particularly carefree.

Li Mu liked this kind of straightforward and straightforward style of doing things. There was no need to repeatedly argue about a certain sentence. Everyone maintained the same general direction and cut the Gordian knot in a swift and decisive manner. Then, they would happily settle the cooperation. This kind of feeling naturally made everyone happy.

Li Mu had originally planned to stay for a whole day to talk with them, but in fact, it only took him the whole morning.

At noon, Li Mu was the host, and they had lunch in a restaurant near Wan Ying.

At the dining table, the happy mood from talking about the cooperation was further amplified. The few men felt that it was really inexcusable not to drink, so they ordered some white wine. The atmosphere was very good. Everyone drank in a civilized manner. It was all based on their mood, showing their quality and etiquette. Naturally, it could be said that it was a happy conversation.

After a few rounds of drinking, Ye Youdao put down his glass and said to Li Mu with a smile, "Li Zong, on the plane here yesterday, I was still talking to Mr. Zhang. I said that I must thank you in person after meeting you, not only for our cooperation, but also for Tianming and Kexuan. If it weren't for you controlling everything behind the scenes for them, they would never be able to make a name for themselves in this life."

Zhang Zicheng nodded repeatedly and said with a smile, "I always thought that my son was useless for the rest of his life. He had long hair all day and didn't do anything serious. He just held a guitar and fooled around with a few friends. I didn't expect that after meeting you, they would really make a name for themselves!"

Li Mu said with a smile, "The main reason why Simple Plan could become popular is that they really have the ability to do it."

Ye Youdao waved his hand and said, "You think I can't see through my son?

I don't dare to say anything else, but he has no ability to write songs at all. Simple Plan's songs were said to be composed by everyone, but in my opinion, just the lyrics alone were not something that the four of them could come up with. So, at that time, I felt that there must be an expert helping them to do everything behind the scenes. "

Zhang Zicheng also nodded and said, "No one knows a son better than his father. I know my son's ability very well. To put it bluntly, he's just donkey sh * t. He looks good on the surface, but he's not f * cking songwriting material!"

Then, Zhang Zicheng asked Li Mu, "Li Zong!

Tell me something from the bottom of your heart. Did you write those songs for them? "

Although Li Mu also drank a little, his mind was still very clear. He waved his hand to persuade, "Director Zhang, you have to have confidence in Ke Xuan!"

Zhang Zicheng smiled and said, "I have confidence in him, but I can't deceive myself, right?"

Ye Youdao nodded and said, "In my opinion, the four children were just playing around before. Just like a small construction team in the village, they can build a toilet with cement, yellow sand, red bricks, and prefabricated boards, together with a hand-pulled hoist and a small mixer, but it's impossible for them to build a high-quality steel-concrete high-rise building."

After that, Ye Youdao looked at Li Mu and asked him, "Li Zong, how is it possible for a village construction team to build several steel-concrete high-rise buildings by themselves, and each building is more beautiful, magnificent, and stylish?"

Hearing this, Zhang Zicheng couldn't help applauding and said, "Good!

Well said!

Director Ye's metaphor really hit the bottom of my heart. Ke Xuan held a notebook at home for a week, but he couldn't even write two lyrics. How could he be enlightened and write such imposing lyrics as' Fly Higher '?

I'm the first one who doesn't believe it! "

Li Mu couldn't help laughing at Ye Youdao's metaphor and Zhang Zicheng's echo. Were they all biological fathers?

One compared his son to a village construction team who could only build toilets, and the other applauded.

Speaking of this, Director Zhang sighed and said, "Ah, I can only say that these kids are lucky. They met Li Zong and became stars."

Ye Youdao also couldn't help saying with a smile, "That's right. Don't you see how famous your Ke Xuan is now? I heard from Tianming that they are filming on Egret Island. Every day, there are a lot of young girls surrounding your Ke Xuan, which makes my son jealous …"

Chen Yuan and Song Liang weren't surprised by the conversation between the two. They, who knew the four members of 'Simple Plan', were very clear that it was Li Mu's help that made "Simple Plan" popular. Not only did they hype it up on the internet, but even their popular songs must have been written by Li Mu. Otherwise, with their ability, they couldn't write such songs.

Chen Ze also understood some of Li Mu's situation. Li Mu was actually the Mu who wrote a few classic songs on the internet. Combined with his relationship with "Simple Plan", it wasn't difficult to guess that the popularity of "Simple Plan" was inextricably linked to him.

However, only Wei Lan knew nothing about it. When she heard Ye Youdao and Zhang Zicheng's conversation, she was very surprised. She didn't expect that the owners of the two companies that cooperated this time were actually the fathers of the two members of "Simple Plan". Although Wei Lan was past the age of chasing stars, she often listened to the songs of "Simple Plan", especially "Old Boys". Wei Lan especially liked it.

However, when she heard the conversation between the two fathers, it seemed like the popularity of "Simple Plan" had something to do with Li Mu?

And from what she heard, it seemed like Li Mu didn't just push out "Simple Plan". Even the songs were written by Li Mu?

She only knew of Li Mu's various achievements in business, but she never knew that Li Mu had such deep attainments in music. This really shocked her.

At this moment, Wei Lan couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, you also know how to write songs?"

Dufy, who was sitting opposite her, smiled and said, "Wei Lan, Li Mu has an online alias. You probably don't know about it, right?"

Wei Lan shook her head, "What is it?"

Dufy looked at Li Mu and smiled at him, "I told you, you've already exposed almost everything that needs to be exposed. You don't have to do this, right?"

Li Mu said helplessly, "At least give me some privacy."

As a Yanjing girl with a carefree personality, Dufy didn't care at this moment and said with a smile, "Everyone basically knows about this. Why hide it from your own people?"

As she said that, Dufy looked at Wei Lan. Seeing that Wei Lan was waiting for her to continue with a curious expression, she raised her eyebrows at her and said, "Wei Lan, listen carefully. Li Mu's online alias is — — Mu!"

"Mu?!"

Wei Lan was suddenly stunned, and a voice in her heart kept asking herself, "Li Mu is Mu?

He's actually Mu!

How is this possible!

She guessed that Mu should be at least 30 years old. Otherwise, how could he write a song like "When You're Old"?

Although the lyrics were a translation of William Butler Yeats's poem, how could a person without a certain age and experience write such a soulful song?

And "In the Rush Years", this song sung by Du Wei was her favorite song, second to none!

She had always felt that it was a waste to let Du Wei sing this song. Because Du Wei was too young, how could she completely show the true and helpless love, the sadness and sorrow in "In the Rush Years"?

She even felt that Mu must be a particularly affectionate person when he was young, a prodigal son who had broken the hearts of countless girls. Only such a person had enough life experience and love experience to write lyrics like "If I can't see you again with red eyes, can I still blush?" and "We have to owe each other, or else how can we cherish each other?" These kind of sad but not sad lyrics, only lamenting the passing of time.

It was also from the beginning when she heard this song that Wei Lan regarded Mu as a spiritual idol in her heart, because in her heart, Mu was a person with great talent.

And when the song "Hidden Fragrance" became popular after Du Wei sang it, Wei Lan's admiration for Mu reached a new height. "Hidden Fragrance" really made her admire it too much. The lyrics and music each had a very deep artistic conception. Although it was not as touching as "In the Rush Years", the structure, momentum, and artistic conception of this song were much greater than "In the Rush Years". The structure of a song also represented the structure of the singer and the composer.

However, never in his dreams would he have thought that the "Mu" in reality was actually a young man in his twenties. Moreover, he was the young man who strategized in the business world, went on a killing spree, and used his charisma and charisma to capture him!

Mu turned out to be Li Mu, Li Mu turned out to be Mu?!

Shocked?

Of course, shocked. Wei Lan was so shocked that she even lost the ability to think.

At this time, Ye Youdao and Zhang Zicheng, who were at the dining table, finally figured it out. The two of them looked at each other and smiled, saying happily, "I told you, they're not cut out for this at all!"

Li Mu was helpless, but he was also very clear in his heart that among these people, besides the most trustworthy people around him, there were the fathers of the two members of the simple plan and the uncle of the other member, so he didn't have to worry that someone would leak the contents of the dinner table.

He didn't notice the stunned expression of Wei Lan beside him, and the gaze that had been staring at him. Li Mu was dragged by Zhang Zicheng and Ye Youdao to drink. Just as he finished a glass, the phone on the table suddenly lit up. When Li Mu saw that the call was from Dong Ai, a thought quickly flashed in his mind: Mei Yanfang's examination results should be out.

So, he finished the wine, put down the glass, and picked up the phone to say to the others, "I'll take a call first."

Everyone's drinking session wasn't affected because of him, Li Mu walked out of the private room and picked up the phone. He asked, "Senior Ai, how is it?"

Dong Ai said, "Lady Mei's results are out, it's cervical cancer, early stage. The doctor said that as long as she pays close attention during the surgery and after the surgery, it won't be a big problem."

Li Mu nodded, he wasn't surprised by this news at all, he asked calmly, "Does Lady Mei know about it?"

"Yes," Dong Ai said, "Lady Mei is in a good mood, she feels that it's good to find out early."

Then, Dong Ai said, "Lady Mei has decided to go to America for treatment, my brother wants to go with her. My brother asked his assistant to book the plane tickets for tomorrow, they will transfer from Yanjing Airport to Korea and go to New York."

Li Mu asked, "Why are they transferring from Korea?"

Dong Ai said, "There are no direct flights in the country for now."

Li Mu suddenly understood, he said, "Alright, what time tomorrow?

I'll send them off. "

"5: 30 pm."