Chapter 483

It was not long before the first phase of Line 10 was finalized. The east-west route had basically been decided. They would avoid the North Third Ring Road and take the North Tucheng Road. Therefore, the land price of the North Tucheng Road had risen once. Many real estate developers were eyeing this area. The land price was not only expensive, but also difficult to obtain.

With Chen Ze around, it would not be a problem to get a piece of land along the east-west route of Line 10. However, the land price was there. If they went to the north now, the price would be at least 20% higher. Moreover, this section of the subway was outside the Third Ring Road. The appreciation space would not be comparable to that of the East Third Ring Road in the future. After all, Li Mu knew that the East Third Ring Road would be the most expensive along the Third Ring Road.

Therefore, Li Mu said to the two of them, "If we really want to get a piece of land, I prefer the East Third Ring Road. Even if the north-south route of Line 10 has not been decided, I think the East Third Ring Road is the most likely route."

Chen Ze smacked his lips and said, "I heard that the direction of Line 10 seems to be unified. If the east-west route is set at the Third Ring Road, then the north-south route must also be set at the Third Ring Road. If the east-west route is set outside the Third Ring Road, then the north-south route should be the same. There should not be a situation where one side is going outside the Third Ring Road and the other side is going outside the Third Ring Road. Now that the east-west route is basically set outside the Third Ring Road, what do you think the possibility of the East Third Ring Road will be?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think the possibility of the East Third Ring Road is at least 80%."

Chen Ze asked curiously, "Why are you so sure?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "My view of the problem may be different from yours. You think that Line 10 should focus on the most densely populated and traffic-congested areas. But I think that if Line 10 is to open before the Olympics, it must take into account the economic development and the national business card."

Then, Li Mu explained in detail, "When I said the national business card, I did not mean that the subway is a national business card, but some special areas along the subway that represent the national business card. Where will Dawang Road pass through?

Other than residential areas, there are residential areas. But what is the East Third Ring Road?

The East Third Ring Road is close to the embassy area, the agricultural exhibition, the CBD, and other scattered eastern business districts, especially the CBD. Although the CBD has not been built yet, have you thought about the scale of the CBD in 2008?

The municipal construction cost of the CBD approved by the government is as high as 12 billion yuan. In the future, the CBD will definitely become a commercial landmark of Yan Jing. If there is no supporting subway line, and the CBD has no objection, how can the government keep their face? "

Song Liang frowned. Chen Ze thought about it for a long time and said, "I understand what you mean. That is to say, the government may be more concerned about the connection between Line 10 and the Olympics. The Olympics is to raise the prestige of our country, so the stops along the route of Line 10 should fit this theme."

Li Mu nodded. "That's what I think."

Chen Ze nodded slightly. "That makes sense. After all, this is the centennial Olympics. The entire country is hosting the Olympics. The tone is set very high."

Li Mu said, "That's why I'm leaning towards the East Third Loop. I don't think there's a better development prospect than the East Third Loop."

Chen Ze asked Song Liang, "Brother Liang, what do you think?"

Song Liang rubbed his temples with his fingers and said, "I think what Little Mu said is very reasonable. The national business card is very convincing."

Chen Ze no longer hesitated. He immediately said, "Okay, then let's set the target along the East Third Loop."

Li Mu took the map in front of Song Liang and drew a rough outline near the Workers' Stadium with a red pen. He said, "Focus on the area around Sanlitun. Look at how popular SugarClub is now. It will definitely become a leisure and entertainment center in the future."

Chen Ze nodded. "Okay, that's settled. If there's a suitable piece of land, try to get it."

Li Mu unconsciously looked at the map again. There was no Wanda Plaza in Yan Jing at the moment. Li Mu looked at the location of Wanda Plaza in the future. It was currently just a CBD area. The construction of Wanda Plaza would have to wait until at least 2003. However, the current CBD development share until 2008 had already been divided up. If he wanted to do commercial real estate, he had to speed up the pace as much as possible. There were already a few giant companies in the industry, and he still had a long way to go to catch up.

…

After settling the matters of CSC and Wan Ying Yan Jing's new company for a period of time, Li Mu's mind returned to Makino Technology. QQ was not dead, so he didn't dare to slack off. Even if QQ was dead, he didn't dare to slack off. The current YY was far from mature, and it still needed more supporting products to consolidate its dominant position.

The new product functions that Li Mu hoped that YY could implement were mailbox and network storage. Mailbox was an indispensable part of the user ecosystem. Almost every network company had its own free mailbox service, and in the future, many companies would also provide corporate mailbox services. Therefore, YY must also have its own mailbox service.

In addition to mailbox, Li Mu also hoped that the development team of YY could develop a brand new product, which was network storage.

In his previous life, Teng Xun was one of the first products to involve cloud storage. In the earliest days, Teng Xun QQ members had free network hard drives with 64 or 128 MB. Although this product had not been revealed, it was still quite necessary for the ecosystem of the entire product line.

Li Mu was in his office, but he didn't organize a meeting with the core employees in the conference room. Instead, he organized everyone to speak freely in the YY group.

After Li Mu stated his two requirements, everyone agreed with them. Then, the relevant person in charge of the technical department immediately expressed that they clearly understood Li Mu's requirements and started the product development as soon as possible.

In addition to these two small functions, Li Mu had a bigger product development plan in mind. However, he knew that no one in the YY team could shoulder the heavy burden of the development of this new product. The plan for the new product was group voice and video calls.

Ordinary voice and video calls could be supported by YY itself, but if it was upgraded to group voice or video calls, the existing audio and video call protocol would need to be upgraded. This involved a whole set of related streaming technologies, so the development work was not easy. However, if YY could achieve group voice and video calls in 2002 or early 2003, there would be too many new products that YY could develop in the future.

If the related technologies could be developed, not only could they provide YY group voice and video calls, but they could also be used to open voice chat rooms, video chat rooms, and even the concept of live video streaming.

However, the biggest problem at the moment was that there was no professional talent on hand who was good at streaming technologies. Fang Xudong's strength was in page technology, so it would be difficult for him to develop such a product.

Li Mu suddenly thought of Boss Ma's most capable technical expert, Zhang Zhidong. If Teng Xun really disbanded one day, he must find a way to poach him to Beijing.

However, Li Mu did not know what Teng Xun's current situation was. Until today, most of the QQ users had been completely lost, but Li Mu was still a "loyal user" who would log in to QQ every day. As long as he was using his computer and the computer was connected to the internet, he would definitely open QQ and YY at the same time.

However, QQ was too bleak at the moment. Li Mu's friends on QQ had long stopped clicking on his profile picture, and no one would add him as a friend on QQ. The reason why Li Mu kept QQ open was because he was waiting for the day when Teng Xun would send a system notification to all users telling them that they had given up.

In fact, Teng Xun had been in a state of chaos during the days when the YY gaming hall was launched. Ever since the YY gaming hall was launched, Boss Ma had been considering whether to stop the development of the QQ gaming hall and to stop investing manpower and material resources in the QQ business line. After several days of consideration, as well as many internal and capital meetings, Boss Ma officially decided to stop maintaining QQ from then on.

Stopping maintenance meant that QQ would remain in its current state forever. The service would not be shut down, and there would be no updates or maintenance. If there were any problems, let it be. As long as it could still be used, it would be given a certain amount of server capacity and bandwidth to continue providing services. If it could not be used anymore, it would naturally withdraw from the stage of history. In short, Teng Xun had completely given up on QQ.

Boss Ma originally wanted to persist in his heart, but Tencent's core employees and even the capital side had completely lost hope in QQ. Boss Ma could only bear the pain and make the decision to stop maintaining QQ. At the same time, he completely gave up on the QQ games that were halfway developed.

After QQ stopped maintaining, Teng Xun started a round of layoffs. Most of the employees in the QQ-related business line were fired, leaving only the core technical, product, and operation staff. These were the capital that Boss Ma saw as a comeback.

Most of the QQ servers were also out of service. At the moment, QQ's server bandwidth could only maintain a maximum of 200,000 people online at the same time. There was still a lot of redundancy in this value because the highest number of people online at the same time in QQ was less than 80,000.

Just as Li Mu and the core employees of Makino Technology finished discussing the next round of new product plans in the YY group, the QQ image that had remained unchanged for thousands of years in the lower right corner of the computer was suddenly replaced by a small speaker. Li Mu immediately used the hotkey to call it out and saw the official notice sent by number 10000 at a glance.

QQ to all users: Teng Xun has officially decided to stop maintaining QQ from today onwards and deeply apologizes for this decision.

Li Mu was one of the users who received this message immediately.

After reading this message, Li Mu excitedly paced back and forth in his office several times. Destroying QQ and replacing it had always been a dream of Li Mu's. Today, this dream had finally come true.