Chapter 1722

In order to make it easier for Li Mu to read, Spielberg brought the Chinese version of the script, so the Chinese translation of the main character Po's name was Po.

Li Mu did not like this name. Although it was simple, it was too vulgar for the name Hua Xia. There was nothing special about it, and it was no different from a cat or dog.

And "Pang Da" was an internet term that only appeared later. It was transliterated from the English name of the panda, and cleverly added a Chinese meaning. The word "Pang" was the best portrayal of a panda.

As for whether the foreign audience could understand the meaning of Pang Da, Li Mu did not care. It would be best if they could understand it, but it would not affect them even if they did not. After all, Po and Pang Da were not that different to them.

Spielberg also knew that the foreign audience would not care what the Chinese name of a panda was, just like how the audience in Hua Xia did not care whether an American was called Tom or Jack.

Therefore, he readily agreed and said, "Mr. Li, I can do all of this according to your request."

Li Mu nodded and said, "One more thing. I hope that the name of the place in the movie will be changed to 'Wolong Town.' Try not to transliterate it, but to translate it. I want the Westerners to know that the name of this place is a crouching dragon."

The Wolong Giant Panda Breeding Center was currently the largest national giant panda breeding center in Hua Xia. It was not far from Sichuan. Li Mu hoped that the real name of the place could be inserted into the movie.

After the audience finished watching the movie, he wanted to tell them that there was a place called Wolong Town in Sichuan, Hua Xia. Not only was there a giant panda reserve, but there was also the largest breeding center for giant pandas in Hua Xia.

He believed that Wolong Town would definitely become famous throughout the world with the movie.

And the tourist routes of Wolong Town, and even the whole of Sichuan, would be greatly improved and developed.

Spielberg naturally had no objections. It was a place in Hua Xia anyway, so it did not matter what it was called. Moreover, Wolong was a good name.

Immediately, Spielberg said, "Mr. Lee, the main character is called Fatty Da and the place is called Wolong. I've already memorized it. I'll get them to change it when I get back."

Li Mu nodded. He roughly flipped through the script and realized that it was no different from the Kung Fu Panda he had watched in his previous life. He curiously asked, "How long have you guys been working on this script?

You seem to have a deep understanding of Hua Xia culture. "

Spielberg explained, "This plan was actually sprouted a long time ago. DreamWorks has always liked doing innovative things, so we felt that integrating Hua Xia culture and elements into a Hollywood animated film should have a very good market prospect."

As he spoke, Spielberg continued, "In 1998, Disney released 'Hua Mulan.' I personally liked that animated film, but from a commercial point of view, the story of 'Hua Mulan' was not well known in the United States. It lacked a sufficient fan base, so the box office was not very good overall."

Li Mu nodded in agreement and said, "Hua Xia has countless ancient legends and stories. These are very famous in Hua Xia, but they lack a lot of popularity overseas."

Spielberg said, "Actually, in my opinion, among the cultural elements that Hua Xia has exported to the West, there are two that have the most mass base. One is Kung Fu, and the other is pandas. The representative of Kung Fu is Bruce Lee. He should be the most famous Hua Xia celebrity in the United States. As for pandas, there is no need to mention. Although there are many people in the United States who have not seen pandas, there is no one who does not know about pandas, and there is no one who does not like pandas. Therefore, I want to integrate Kung Fu and pandas.

That way, it can lay a sufficient mass base for the movie. "Li Mu smiled and said," If the protagonist is changed to the image of a panda bear, the mass base will be even stronger. "

"That's right."

Spielberg hurriedly said, "If we use the image of a panda bear, then the movie will have three main elements: Kung Fu, pandas, and panda bear. I believe it will be very popular."

Li Mu looked at Spielberg and asked with a smile, "Then do you have any objections to the cooperation model that I mentioned before?"

Spielberg hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, I have no objections to your cooperation model."

"Good."

Li Mu nodded with satisfaction and said, "In that case, let's draw up a contract. The specific cooperation project is as follows: I will license the image of the panda bear to 'Kung Fu Panda' for free, and at the same time, I will invest 30% of 'Kung Fu Panda's' shares. Based on this basis, I will not limit the number of episodes of 'Kung Fu Panda' by DreamWorks, but there is a prerequisite."

Spielberg was originally worried that if Li Mu only authorized three episodes and the movie became popular, he would not be willing to authorize it after three episodes. Then, the movie would not be able to continue.

Now that Li Mu was willing to open up the episode limit, it was definitely good news for DreamWorks.

Therefore, he hurriedly asked Li Mu, "Mr. Li, what are your prerequisites?

Please tell me! "

Li Mu said, "First of all, I have 30% of the investment rights for every 'Kung Fu Panda'."

Spielberg said without hesitation, "That's not a problem!"

Li Mu added, "Secondly, I need to look over the plot of the sequel of 'Kung Fu Panda' in advance."

Spielberg agreed and said, "Li Zong, don't worry. I will definitely let you look over the follow-up script first, and I will fully consider your opinion."

"Okay."

Li Mu continued, "Thirdly, 100% of the copyright of the panda itself belongs to Makino Technology. So, if you want to do derivative development of the copyright of 'Kung Fu Panda', as long as it involves the image of the panda bear, you have to submit an application to me first. If I agree, then the derivative development of the panda bear will take 30% of the copyright. If I don't agree, you can't use it."

"Of course!"

Spielberg nodded repeatedly and said, "I completely respect your decision on this point, Li Zong. I will listen to your arrangements."

Spielberg had now learned to behave with his tail between his legs. Previously, he thought that friends should be friends and business should be business. Now, he finally understood that if he used this method to interact with Li Mu, Li Mu would not care about him at all.

For Li Mu, he could not accept this kind of routine where he spent money to treat him to a meal, but when he asked him for a cigarette, he still asked him for money. Fortunately, Spielberg corrected himself in time. Otherwise, he would have directly abandoned him for his next Hollywood plan.