Chapter 19

"Brat, what have you been busy with these two days?

How much did you estimate? "

The next morning, Li Mu received a call from Chen Wan before he went out. Facing her question, Li Mu replied with a smile, "Reporting to Sister Wan, I haven't been busy with anything these two days. I was busy playing. I estimated my score to be more than 620."

"Oh!" Chen Wan exclaimed, "Is it really that awesome?"

"Guaranteed to be the real deal."

"How much did you estimate for English?"

"Around 140 points."

"Tch, I don't believe you."

Chen Wan's words carried a bit of a tsundere tone. Li Mu could imagine her cute look when she deliberately acted like a tsundere.

Chen Wan really didn't believe it. Before the English exam, Li Mu was hit by her. He should have been affected, right?

If he could get around 140 points, then this brat was too awesome!

"Forget it if you don't believe me."

Li Mu pretended to be annoyed and said, "If you don't believe me, then I won't talk to you anymore. I still have something to do. I'm going out now."

"Ai, you can't!" Chen Wan hurriedly said, "If you dare to hang up on me, I won't let you off."

Li Mu was helpless, "Big sister, what do you want to do?"

"What do you want to do? I'm not doing anything." Chen Wan said with a smile and asked, "Did uncle and auntie go to work?"

"En." Li Mu responded and asked, "Why? Do you want to come to my house?"

"Who wants to go to your house!" Chen Wan hurriedly spat and said, "I will pick you up later. Let's go out and play!"

Li Mu's mind was still on the burner that Er Bin promised him. He quickly asked, "Big sister, where do you want to go to play?

I'm going to the internet cafe. Do you want to go together? My treat. "

"I don't want to go to the internet cafe. I want to go to the provincial capital for something. I'm driving there. You can accompany me."

As Chen Wan spoke, she hurriedly added, "I've been practicing hard these past two days, and my skills have clearly improved."

Although the expressway network in 2001 had reached a considerable scale, most of the roads that had been built and opened to traffic were trunk lines. The expressway from Haizhou to the provincial capital would not be completed until 2004. Although it was less than 200 kilometers away from the provincial capital, it would only take two and a half hours to get there by train.

"Forget it, sister. The provincial capital is too far …"

Chen Wan's voice immediately became coquettish. She actually began to act coquettishly to this boy who was three years younger than her. "I beg of you, Li Mu. I have something to do in the provincial capital, but it's not easy to buy a train ticket. I'm also a little afraid of driving by myself. If you accompany me, I'll feel more assured. Otherwise, I won't dare to drive by myself …"

Li Mu hesitated for a while. He really didn't want to go to the provincial capital at this time, but he had personally experienced Chen Wan's driving skills. If he really let her go by herself, he wouldn't be at ease no matter what.

In his previous life, Li Mu only bought a domestic First Automobile Pentium B50 when he was 10 years old. Although the car wasn't worth much, he was still a person with six years of actual driving experience. His driving experience was definitely better than Chen Wan's. If he followed her, he could give her some guidance. At the very least, he could drive for her. Nowadays, drunk driving was not a crime yet, and no one checked it. Almost all the traffic lights did not have cameras. It was an era where traffic management was relatively lax.

Looking at the time again, it was just past nine o 'clock. Er Bin must have already arrived at the internet cafe. He must have brought the manual over. Including the clothes, driving, and the manual, it would take at most half an hour.

Thus, Li Mu gritted his teeth and agreed. "Okay, but when are we coming back?"

Chen Wan cheered. "If we can't come back today, then tomorrow. Let's see how things go."

"But you have to accompany me to the big spider first. I have something to do."

"Okay, I'll be right at the entrance of your community. Come out in five minutes."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu quickly called Zhao Kang. He told him that he had to go out and wouldn't be going to the internet cafe this afternoon. He would contact him when he came back.

Then, Li Mu simply packed up. He found a bag and stuffed a change of clothes. The weather was too hot. If he had to stay overnight in the provincial capital, he needed a change of clothes. Then, he left a note at home. He didn't dare to tell his parents where he was going. He only said that he would go to his classmate's house at night. If he said that he drove to the provincial capital with Chen Wan, his parents would definitely be worried.

After leaving the community, Chen Wan stuck her head out of an old Audi A6 and kept waving at Li Mu. "Li Mu, here!"

Li Mu was shocked. He moved closer and first looked at the rear of the car. The displacement was 2.8. It should be the highest specification of the domestic A6.

Opening the door to the front passenger seat and sitting in, Li Mu looked at the almost brand new interior and teased Chen Wan. "Sister Wan, did you drive this car when you hit me that day?"

"No, this car was on the road that day. I drove a Passat …"

Li Mu nodded. What a nouveau riche. In this era, even a Passat would cost over two hundred thousand. A 2.8 top spec A6 would probably cost around six hundred thousand, right?

It seemed that calling Chen Wan a Ms. Perfect was not wrong at all.

Today, Chen Wan wore a Nike sportswear, sports shorts, and a sports T-shirt. It was probably for the convenience of driving. But looking at Chen Wan's fair and long legs through the gear lever was indeed a kind of enjoyment.

"You want to go to the big spider first?"

"Yes!"

"Okay."

Chen Wan first drove Li Mu to the entrance of the big spider. Before Li Mu got out of the car, he said to her, "Wait for me in the car. I will come down in about half an hour."

"Okay."

Chen Wan looked at the time and said, "If you can finish in half an hour, we can still make it to Jin Ling city for lunch."

Li Mu nodded. When they arrived at the internet cafe, there were not many people. Er Bin saw him coming in and took out a gift bag from the counter and handed it to Li Mu. "A burner recorder and three empty disks."

Li Mu opened it and took a look. "Brother Er Bin, thank you!"

"You're welcome."

"I will go up first."

In the private room, Li Mu took out the burner recorder from the gift bag. It was HP's CD-Writer series. It was considered to be the best nowadays. There were also three empty CD-ROMs, but the total data that Li Mu wanted to burn was less than 100MB. One disk was enough.

It took about 20 minutes to download the official driver and burning software and identify the burner recorder. Fortunately, the speed of the burner recorder was fast enough, and the data was finished in a few minutes.

Li Mu thought that since there were three disks, he might as well burn three copies to prevent the data from being destroyed.

After the burner was finished, Li Mu erased the data from the computer.

There was not much money left. Now that the data was done, Li Mu did not plan to charter the plane anymore. He called Er Bin and Er Bin did not care. He did not want the money that Li Mu gave him and pushed him out of the door.

Li Mu saw that he still had about two hundred yuan, so he went to the liquor store next door and bought two packs of hard Chunghwa. After throwing them to Er Bin, he turned around and ran away, ignoring Er Bin who was shouting anxiously in the counter.

Back in Chen Wan's car, Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "How do I get to the provincial capital? Do you know the way?"

"I know."

Chen Wan nodded. "Go west and take the national highway. Follow the national highway and you will reach the suburbs of Jin Ling. It will be easy to find it there."

"OK." Li Mu saw that she was confident, so he fastened his seatbelt and waved his hand. "Okay, let's go."

…

While Chen Wan was driving to Jin Ling, Sun Peng, who was in a house in Yanjing's Zhongguancun, was about to collapse.

From yesterday to this morning, he had continuously added Li Mu on QQ more than 20 times. However, all the friend requests had disappeared. At this moment, the Stone Age Overlord had completely exploded in the group of Stone Age players.

The number of downloads on various websites had exceeded 300,000. This had exceeded the peak number of online players in the Stone Age. It also indicated that most of the super active players and a considerable number of active players had downloaded the Stone Age Overlord.

Sun Peng continued to receive feedback from the major distributors. At present, he could confirm that all the internet cafe distributors seemed to have united to inform the provincial distributors that they would compensate the users. This was equivalent to using a more euphemistic way to tell the provincial distributors that they wouldn't be able to pay them for July. If they didn't have a new plug-in that could surpass the Stone Age Overlord, then they wouldn't continue to sell Ah Bei's plug-in. Anyway, they couldn't sell Ah Bei's plug-in.

Compensation was fine. Sun Peng could bear not earning a penny in July, but he couldn't bear to see this profit line completely cut off.

But if he allowed the Stone Age Overlord to continue like this, Ah Bei's plug-in would die in at most a week.

Fight to the death … This person's online name was so vicious. It seemed like he really wanted to fight to the death. It was easy for him to use the Stoneware Overlord to kill him, and the strength of this group of people was indeed incomparable to him.

Once Ah Bei's plug-in lost its market, he could imitate Sun Peng's model and build a one-by-one distribution network. At that time, Sun Peng would be helpless.

It wasn't just Sun Peng who was anxious. The other two partners with shares and even the other developers were also anxious.

Two to three hundred thousand a month in revenue. Based on the calculation of two hundred thousand, after deducting all expenses and employee salaries, the three of them could split more than a hundred thousand. Sun Peng, as the major shareholder, could get sixty to seventy thousand. In 2001, sixty to seventy thousand could buy a small apartment in a third-tier city and a two-bedroom apartment in a fifth-tier city like Haizhou.

Seeing that this income was about to be lost …

"We have to contact this Fight to the Death."

Sun Peng smoked five cigarettes and said to the people around him, "He might not have a complete distribution network now. If he wants to make money from the Stone Age Overlord, he will have to put in a lot of effort. If we can establish a relationship with him, we can use our distribution channels to attract him. On the other hand, we can promote the Stone Age game's lifespan. If we can attract him to cooperate with us with the Stone Age Overlord, we still have a chance of survival. Otherwise, we can only disband."