Chapter 1542

The more popular Twitter became in the Western Internet world, the more Li Mu's followers grew on Twitter.

Li Mu's name on Twitter was "Li Mu Limu", and there was a authentication mark on it. The authentication information read: Founder of Makino Technology.

Even users who did not understand Chinese could easily use "Limu" to search for Li Mu's Twitter homepage.

Because Twitter's gameplay was too advanced for users, users' admiration for Li Mu was almost accompanied by their love for Twitter.

Li Mu did not force the users to follow him by default, but his fans were still growing at an extremely fast rate.

Li Mu's first Twitter post was a photo of him and Prince William. However, the young Prince William was not well known in other countries outside the United Kingdom. Most netizens were wondering who the man in the photo with Li Mu was.

At this time, they looked at Li Mu's tweet: "Hello everyone, this is my first Twitter post. I'm in England now, with William."

William of England?

Most people still could not guess that this person was the Prince of England.

However, at the end of Li Mu's text, there was a special character, followed by a string of English names: William · Louis.

Users did not understand the meaning of the string of characters. If the William that Li Mu mentioned was this William · Louis, then why did they add another character?

Moreover, this string of characters was obviously blue, which made many old netizens involuntarily move the cursor over this string of characters, and then gently click on it …

The browser immediately popped up a new page, and this page was the personal Twitter homepage of William · Louis.

Here, there was his authentication information: Member of the Royal Family of England, William · Louis …

At this time, many people understood that this person turned out to be the Prince of England.

However, the Prince was not important. What was important was how did they get here just now?

Li Mu added a magical character in his tweet. This character was William · Louis. William · Louis was Prince William's Twitter name. Did this mean that it was the key to giving the other person the hyperlink function?

One of the core functions of Twitter and Weibo, "", was actually an Easter egg hidden by Li Mu.

This Easter egg was not written in Twitter's beginner's guide. The reason was that Li Mu did not want users to be exposed to too many functions at the beginning, which would instead obscure the core global function of Twitter.

Rather than putting it in the guidebook, it was better to put it in a hidden checkpoint and let the users discover it themselves. This was because the users who discovered it were basically familiar with Twitter, and it was time for them to start leveling up.

When users first discovered this function, they instinctively thought that it was just a hyperlink symbol. However, when they started to use it with each other, they realized that it wasn't as simple as a hyperlink symbol. It represented a call, a precise call from one Twitter user to another Twitter user.

This function began to make Twitter's tweets more layered.

Originally, Twitter's tweets had two layers:

The first layer was for all Twitter users. Because Li Mu did not add the ability to see groups in this version of Twitter, every user's tweet was unguarded in the world. In theory, any Twitter user could see it. The only question was whether they would see it.

The second layer was for the Twitter user's friends, acquaintances, fans, and other Internet contacts. Although every tweet was for the whole world, the people who were most likely to receive it were those who followed him.

Now that the function was explored by users, Twitter had a third, deeper layer.

The third level was not only allowing the whole world to have a chance to see it, but also allowing people who followed him to have a high probability of seeing it. He could also designate a specific user and call him to see it.

For example, User A posted a tweet saying, "I really want to go to Chinatown to eat hotpot."

Then, he added his girlfriend. This way, the whole world could see this tweet, and his followers would know that he wanted to go to Chinatown to eat hotpot. However, his girlfriend could receive such a call, as if this Twitter was specifically for her.

Therefore, this function began to spread wildly on Twitter and was widely used.

The users who had the foresight had already started to add their friends. The users who were not aware of it were browsing the Twitter they followed. A notification suddenly popped up in the upper right corner. "A Twitter mentioned you."

The four words mentioned you had a great magic effect on the users' curiosity.

Users would be eager to know who mentioned them and what kind of content they were mentioned in.

Therefore, most of the users who were noticed would click on the notification and immediately see the Twitter that their friend had called them.

Then, they began to become loyal fans of this function.

Many users who were the first to discover the function reposted Li Mu's only tweet. The core content of the accompanying text was basically the same. "Twitter developed such a magical function, but it was completely hidden. It only left the only information entrance in Li Mu's tweet. This Easter egg is really creative …"

In fact, Li Mu did not intend to expose the function so early. However, William readily agreed to be the first member of the royal family to use Twitter, so Li Mu used Twitter on him first. It was considered reciprocity.

However, he did not expect that because of this, he would give Director William more than three million followers in one night.

…

When it was nine o 'clock in the morning in Beijing, the traffic of Twitter (Weibo) in Hua Xia began to surge.

A large number of celebrities and celebrities in Hua Xia had already tasted the huge benefits brought to them by the Internet, so they began to join Weibo at this time.

The entire Makino Image team of signed artists and the behind-the-scenes team began to post on Weibo early in the morning, gaining countless fans early in the morning.

At this stage, after Crazy Stone's box office exceeded one billion yuan, it was still very popular in Hua Xia society. Therefore, the staff of Makino Image applied for an official Weibo account for Crazy Stone and quickly completed the verification through the back door. Then, this account began to continuously post a large number of stills and behind-the-scenes photos of Crazy Stone.

In ten to twenty minutes, this official Weibo account had posted more than thirty Weibo posts, an average of 1.5 posts per minute.

For example, this post was a photo of Liu Dehua eating a box lunch on the set, with a simple caption: "Liu Dehua is also eating the same working meal as everyone else on the set!"

Then, the second post was a photo of Huang Bo chatting with Tang Wei on the set, with a caption: "Black Skin is talking to Big Brother's girlfriend …"

A large amount of content was constantly being created, posted, viewed, and reposted. This made the traditional media realize an essence that shocked them: Weibo was actually a medium. In some aspects, it even surpassed the print media, television media, and online media.

Liu Dehua also personally registered a Weibo account to respond. Huang Bo, Tang Wei, and the other actors also opened their own Weibo accounts. They reposted the Weibo posts of the other members of the crew and posted some interesting things that they experienced during the filming.

As a result, almost all the other celebrities followed suit and began to create a large number of Weibo blog posts. The entire Internet was boiling.

The situation on overseas Twitter was the same as in China. A large number of celebrities and celebrities were constantly creating new tweets on Twitter. If ordinary users wanted to know about the current situation of the celebrities, they would either read the news or watch television programs. Other than that, there were basically no other channels. But now, everything was different. The celebrities stood directly in front of the public, constantly creating their own original content with high enthusiasm. This made the fans of the celebrities feel so close to their idols for the first time.

And these tweets created by a large number of users were a huge supplement to the lack of capacity on the Internet today.

Before Twitter was launched, there was not much content on the Internet for users to browse. People would at most look at portals and some vertical websites that had just started. The key point was that there were not enough portals and vertical websites, and there were not enough Internet content workers. Therefore, the amount of good content that could be read on the entire Internet was very small.

But now, everything was different. Twitter mobilized every netizen in the world, allowing them to become content creators and create a large amount of short content for the Twitter database. Although most of the content was very short and concise, it made users feel that it was easier and more interesting to read these short content.

This was the success principle of short video platforms such as Kuaishou and TikTok. There were only long video content on the Internet. Even if it was just a song's music video, it would be at least three minutes long. A TV series or a movie would be even longer. At this time, the successful model of Weibo could be used to deduce the success of Weibo.

A full 15-second video was no different from a Twitter with 130 Chinese characters and 300 bytes. It was just the same model, but in a new form.

…

Li Mu slept exceptionally soundly that night. Although the entire Internet had been reshuffled by him using Twitter and the entire Internet industry had been taught a lesson by him using Twitter, as the person involved, his mind was thinking about the plan to acquire a football club.

That night, Li Mu had a dream. He dreamed that he was playing the real-life version of Football Manager in the United Kingdom.

He spent a lot of money to buy a club and invested a lot of money to bring in a large number of seed players for the next ten years in the world of football. Then, he invited the world's best football coach. The club achieved miraculous achievements and also cultivated several excellent players for Hua Xia Football Club who were qualified to compete for the Asian Footballer of the Year.

These excellent players joined the Hua Xia national team. With their excellent skills and long-term cooperation, they led the national team to win the Asian Cup and qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals. Hua Xia Football Club advanced to the World Cup finals for the second time.

As the saying goes, what you think about during the day, you dream about at night. If you never forget, there will be an echo.

Shortly after Li Mu got up the next morning, before he could wash up and go to the banquet hall for breakfast, Davidson took the initiative to come to his door. After knocking on Li Mu's door, the first thing he said was, "Mr Li, I asked around for you yesterday. There is indeed a Premier League club that is interested in making a move."

"Oh?" Li Mu did not expect that what he thought about would really come true. He hurriedly asked, "Which club is it?"