Chapter 1202

Su Yingxue didn't know James Keane, but she had heard of his name many times.

Before Li Mu came to Harvard to give a speech, James Keane was the most popular star student in the school.

James Keane was one of the best among the Caucasians, both in terms of appearance and figure. His slightly long blond hair made many girls in Harvard crazy, and his height of 1.9 meters added a lot of points to his external image. In Harvard, indeed, no one could compare with him.

James Keane was not one of those good-looking but useless people. He was a super scholar since he was a child. In a top institution like Harvard, he was also the one standing at the top of the pyramid. This person was not only excellent in his studies, but his eloquence and organizational skills were also extraordinary. After a speech at a freshmen's welcome party, he received a record number of confessions from dozens of freshmen girls. He was known as Harvard's Prince Charming.

This was not all of James Keane's trump cards. There was another very important reason why he was popular at Harvard. His family was extremely prominent. Money was only one aspect. The most important thing was that the whole family had an extraordinary influence in the United States. This influence could not be measured by money.

A considerable number of Harvard girls were daydreaming that they could fall in love with James Keane, marry into a top rich family, and reach the pinnacle of life.

James Keane also enjoyed this transcendental feeling of being pursued by countless beautiful women at Harvard. It was as if he was the king of Harvard and had unparalleled influence.

However, this transcendental feeling suffered a huge blow after the appearance of Li Mu.

When Li Mu conquered Harvard with his eloquence, logic, ability, financial resources, and social responsibility, James Keane's previous outstanding image suddenly became pale and powerless like a child playing house.

With Li Mu as a mirror and a benchmark, Harvard students finally looked at James Keane rationally. Compared with Li Mu, James Keane was almost crushed by Li Mu in all other aspects, except for being a little taller.

When James Keane was the president of the Student Union and playing the so-called campus politics, Li Mu had already built up a net worth of tens of billions of dollars from scratch.

When James Keane spent money provided by his family to buy people's hearts at Harvard, Li Mu's charity projects had benefited millions of college students in Hua Xia and tens of millions of middle school students.

Under the influence of Li Mu, James Keane's originally tall image suddenly fell from the top of the pyramid. He was like a good elementary school student facing the world's youngest Nobel Prize winner.

Since then, James Keane had been trying to re-establish his image and prestige at Harvard. However, although Li Mu only came to Harvard once, his influence never faded with time. The entire Harvard still worshipped him like a god, and almost everyone became his believer.

Not long after Li Mu conquered Harvard, James Keane, who was eager to change the status quo, finally found a good opportunity to restore his image. He knew that Li Mu was going to cooperate with Harvard to introduce 3321 to the United States, and that Harvard would be responsible for the actual operation of 3321 in the United States. This made him see an opportunity at once.

Although James Keane was very unhappy with Li Mu, an Asian who stole the spotlight, he still had to admit that 3321 was indeed an excellent tool to build social prestige. The reason why Li Mu was deified by the students of Harvard University today was that 3321, which had helped tens of millions of students without making a single cent of profit, played a very important role.

If there was no 3321, Li Mu was just a "person" with tens of billions of dollars in assets. At worst, he was just an outstanding "person";

However, with 3321, Li Mu, who was sitting on tens of billions of dollars in assets, became a "god", a god worshipped by his peers!

James Keane knew that he didn't have the ability to build a new product that could surpass 3321. In this case, 3321 in the United States became the best springboard.

After making up his mind, James Keane immediately used his family's influence, and even used his father to put pressure on Lawrence.

James Keane's original demands were very high. He hoped that Lawrence could appoint him as the general manager of 3321 in the United States, and he would form a team to be fully responsible for all the operations of 3321 in the United States. However, Lawrence didn't agree. The reason was that 3321 was very significant and very important. He couldn't take it lightly, so he wanted to personally be the general manager of 3321 in the United States.

James Keane was very unhappy with this excuse. Wasn't Li Mu's 3321 operated by himself with a group of college students?

He was about to graduate, and he was a few years older than Li Mu. How could he not handle 3321 in the United States?

In his opinion, Lawrence was certainly not willing to give up the title of the general manager, so he and his family settled for the next best thing. They asked Lawrence to give the title of the deputy general manager of 3321 to James Keane. In return, the Keane family would give Lawrence special rewards outside of the Harvard campus.

Lawrence accepted this private deal, but he didn't know that although James Keane was young, his mind was not ordinary vicious. He and his family had already planned everything. When the 3321 in the United States project officially went on track, the Keane family would use their own power to remove Lawrence from the position of Harvard University president, and even remove him from the American education system.

At that time, Lawrence, who had left the education system, would naturally not be qualified to continue to serve as the general manager of 3321. James Keane would not only be able to easily take this title, but he would also be able to monopolize all the glory that the 3321 in the United States project could produce.

Originally, everything was progressing steadily according to James Keane's rhythm. The time for 3321 to go online was getting closer and closer, and the time for him to pick the fruit was also getting closer and closer. However, he never expected that Li Mu would visit Harvard for the second time at this time, which immediately made him burn with jealousy.

During this time, all his efforts were to catch up with Li Mu's influence. However, Li Mu's visit to Harvard this time suddenly ignited the enthusiasm of the Harvard students again. The whole school was boiling for Li Mu's visit tomorrow, which made James Keane furious.

When he thought that most of the Harvard students might come out of their classrooms tomorrow and go to the main road on campus or even outside the school to welcome Li Mu, James Keane was a little unhappy. Therefore, he temporarily adjusted the time of the volunteer second test in order to isolate as many students as possible from Li Mu.

First, the 100 students who passed the first round of the preliminary test, including Zhen Xiaoxiao, received the notice. Then, James Keane felt that it was far from enough to only catch these 100 students, so he quickly had a new idea.

In the afternoon, thousands of Harvard students who were eliminated in the preliminary test received a notice from the Student Union. The notice said that the Student Union had temporarily decided to add ten more places on the basis of the original ten volunteers. These ten new places would all be selected from the thousands of applicants, so the Student Union would conduct another preliminary test for them at 10: 30 tomorrow morning. This time, to ensure the fairness of the results, the Student Union would invite an executive from AOL to be present as a judge, and everyone must wait before 9: 30.

AOL was the abbreviation of American-Online. It was a subsidiary of Time Warner and was also a giant in the American Internet industry before 2000. Although AOL had declined in the past two years, after all, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. This brand still had considerable influence in the entire American Internet industry.

For these thousands of students, most of them didn't realize that the Student Union's words were nothing more than a means for James Keane to counter the strong influence of Li Mu. They just felt that suddenly there were ten more places, and they had to do another round of preliminary test. This was simply a hopeless situation. Who would want to miss such a good opportunity?

However, many people were in a dilemma at the same time.

The new round of preliminary test was scheduled for 10: 30 tomorrow morning, but they were required to be present at 9: 30. In this way, they didn't have to do anything else in the morning. How could they welcome Li Mu then?

Zhen Xiaoxiao, who was in the middle of a class, quickly heard of this news. She was instantly enraged. Previously, the student council had informed the hundred students who had already passed the preliminary test to go to the second test the next morning, and then suddenly added ten more slots and told the thousands of students who hadn't passed the preliminary test to go and try again. It didn't seem like there was anything wrong with this, but Zhen Xiaoxiao knew that James Keane wasn't easy to deal with, so she quickly deduced James Keane's true intentions.

Zhen Xiaoxiao secretly cursed James Keane for being too insidious. With him doing this, at least half of these thousands of students would go back to participate in a new round of preliminary test tomorrow, and it just so happened that Li Mu would arrive at Harvard tomorrow morning. James Keane deliberately wanted these thousands of students to leave during this time period, making it clear that he wanted to undermine Li Mu.

Zhen Xiaoxiao, who was furious, wanted to call Li Mu immediately and tell him that James Keane used the name of the 3321 American website to make these little moves, but she didn't have Li Mu's contact information, so there was no way to have any direct contact with Li Mu, so she had to give up this idea.