Chapter 184

Li Mu's question made Su Yingxue panic flashed across her face.

To Li Mu, he had always felt that he was a failure in his previous life, so he instinctively lacked confidence in many of the memories of his previous life. His rebirth started on the afternoon of the last day of the college entrance examination. That was a gap in his life. After that, he was confident, courageous, and tenacious. However, he wasn't sure what he was like before that.

In his memory, there was nothing special about his three years of high school. Whether it was his studies, looks, clothes, or family, he could barely be considered average in his class. However, Su Yingxue was different. Her every move and smile affected the hearts of all the boys in the school. Therefore, in his previous life, Li Mu had always felt that his unrequited love for Su Yingxue would not bear fruit. Even if he occasionally had the thought of coveting her and had some confidence in her, it was only after his rebirth.

However, Su Yingxue's words just now had somewhat subverted Li Mu's previous understanding. For Su Yingxue to be able to tell so many details about his three years of high school, it was enough to prove that she had paid attention to him back then.

Seeing that Su Yingxue did not speak, Li Mu said, "Let me be honest. I've actually been paying attention to you during my three years of high school."

Su Yingxue smiled slightly. The panic from before had disappeared. Her face was brimming with a different kind of confidence and gratification. She said to Li Mu, "Me too."

As she said that, Su Yingxue raised the can in her hand and said, "Let's drink this to make up for the previous one."

Li Mu said, "You just said that the previous one was a farewell drink. Why do you want to make up for it now?"

Su Yingxue smiled and said, "It's the wine that makes up for it. As for the prefix, the previous one was a farewell drink, and now this one is …"

In front of Li Mu, Su Yingxue suddenly fell into deep thought.

She subconsciously made a comparison. She wanted to tell Li Mu that this glass of wine was no longer a farewell drink, but had the opposite meaning. However, when the words came to her mouth, she did not know how to describe it.

In her heart.

There was a word, but she was too embarrassed to say it.

She felt that the missing glass was a farewell drink, and this one was to make up for it.

It was to stay together …

Staying together meant waiting for each other. It was very appropriate to the current situation between her and Li Mu. But she also felt that the word "staying together" was always used in love.

She must have thought of what she wanted to say, but just could not say it.

Seeing that Su Yingxue was lost in thought, Li Mu knew that even if he was at a loss for words, Su Yingxue would never be at a loss for words. She must have thought of something to say but just couldn't say it.

Coinci, Li Mu also thought of that word.

So, he pretended to be nonchalant and said, "Now, this glass is to stay together."

Su Yingxue was slightly stunned. Li Mu suddenly said this word.

It was exactly what she was thinking. The reservation just now was swept away. She raised the glass and nodded. "You are right. It is to stay together."

Li Mu raised his head and drank the bottle of wine.

He looked at Su Yingxue again. She frowned and took a big gulp. She did not expect to choke when she was about to finish, and it caused a violent cough.

Li Mu gently patted her back and said, "Just take small sips. It's good enough."

"No." Su Yingxue's voice was a little coquettish. "I have never indulged myself like this.

Just let me do whatever I want. "

Li Mu nodded slightly. He regretted his attitude and performance towards Su Yingxue after he went to university. At least he should continue to pay attention to her like he did in high school.

That was not forgetting his original intention.

The more he drank, the worse his alcohol tolerance became. After a few bottles of beer, Li Mu was already a little dizzy, but his mind became even more crazy.

He thought back to Su Yingxue's life in his previous life.

Apart from her seemingly blank love life, she did very well in other areas. She was successful in her studies and in her career.

It was also because of the impression from his previous life that Li Mu always felt that Su Yingxue was a very assertive woman. She looked at problems more thoroughly than her peers, and she was also more far-sighted. Therefore, he always thought that Su Yingxue was the kind of woman who did not rely on love at all. Her satisfaction in life was never provided by the opposite sex, but depended on hard work to realize her own value and dreams.

However, he did not know that all along, Su Yingxue had just buried her dependence on love.

Not only did she secretly pay attention to Li Mu in her previous life, but recently, Su Yingxue also thought about him almost every day. However, she was very rational and felt that Li Mu must be busy these days with all kinds of things. Although she could not bring any substantial help to his career, at least she could not drag him down.

In her previous life, Su Yingxue was this kind of woman who was as indifferent as water. No matter how much she cared about him, she only kept it in her heart and rarely let the other party know.

In her previous life, the two of them tacitly hid the worry in their hearts from each other. On the night that Su Yingxue took the train north to study at the National People's Congress, her mind was thinking about Li Mu who was about to go to Jinling. When Li Mu was idling around in that second-rate university in Jinling, his mind often thought about Su Yingxue who was far away in Yanjing.

He wanted to know about Su Yingxue, so he went to Yi Poolside. Because Su Yingxue was very famous in school, Li Mu could directly go to Yi Poolside and see countless information about her. However, it was usually very difficult for Su Yingxue to find out about him under normal circumstances.

She also paid attention to the forum of Li Mu's school, but throughout the whole year of her first year, she did not see any news related to Li Mu. It was not until the year of her second year that she saw a photo of Li Mu's band premiere in university on a post. At that time, she was slightly disappointed because she knew that university students who played music were always surrounded by many girls.

The two of them both missed each other, but they both felt that the other had long forgotten about them. In life, there were countless men and women who could not be together because of this. The magnetic field between them was too similar, and sometimes it would have a counterproductive effect.

That was why Li Mu followed Su Yingxue to Yanjing, only to find that Su Yingxue had gone abroad. The news of Li Mu staying in Yanjing was known by Su Yingxue, and Su Yingxue gave up her dream of Wall Street and returned to China to further her career. However, when the two of them finally settled down in the same city, Su Yingxue never received any news from Li Mu.

She and Li Mu both felt that there was probably nothing left in each other's hearts.

It was still the same saying, the huge Yanjing had never given the two of them the fate of passing each other by.

In the end, Su Yingxue devoted herself to her career, and was forced by her family to marry the younger brother of her best friend when she was studying in the United States.

Both she and her best friend knew that the other party was gay, and Su Yingxue was aiming for a marriage of convenience. Until the moment she put on her wedding dress in the United States, she still had a regret in her heart for many years. During the farewell dinner after graduating from high school, she wanted to have a farewell drink with Li Mu. However, during that farewell dinner, Li Mu got drunk too quickly. It was so fast that when Su Yingxue made up her mind to take the initiative to find him for a drink, he had already passed out.

Unfortunately, Li Mu did not know the inside story of the past in her previous life. At this moment, it was even more impossible for Su Yingxue to know that she had already experienced the path of life in her previous life.

However, on this night, Li Mu suddenly found something that he had never found in Su Yingxue.

It was confidence.

Perhaps, Su Yingxue was not the kind of strong woman who only cared about her career and dreams. Perhaps, when she was secretly paying attention to him, she had the same thoughts as him. Perhaps, she also had the same longing for love as other girls.

Parting in her previous life, staying together in this life …

Li Mu repeated this sentence countless times in his heart. His life had already taken such a huge turn, so why not grit his teeth and turn the world upside down?!

For a moment, Li Mu seemed to feel his ambition soaring. He suddenly raised his head, his eyes bursting with a fiery glow as he stared at Su Yingxue and said, "Yingxue, I'll start courting you from now on!"

Su Yingxue was stunned as if she had been struck by lightning. She was surprised by Li Mu's words. Why did he say that he would start courting her from now on, and not like other men who directly said, "I like you, so please be my girlfriend." The latter should be the usual way of confessing, right?

What was more, she liked Li Mu. Ever since she saw this guy, who was always drowsy, looking at her with a different kind of brilliance in his eyes, she found that somehow, she would also be attracted by his small but dark eyes. Sometimes, the feeling of liking a person did not need material, appearance, or even ability to support it. A look back that could not be forgotten for a long time was enough.

However, Su Yingxue quickly understood that if Li Mu had directly said something like "be my girlfriend" like other people, she would probably have hesitated and struggled. After all, not only did she promise her parents not to fall in love during her university years, but she also didn't make any preparations to fall in love. If Li Mu suddenly skipped the confession and directly asked for a clear answer from her, she would probably be shocked by him.

Now that Li Mu said that he wanted to start courting her, this should be considered a kind of another kind of confession, right?

This guy didn't even take the normal way to confess.

As Su Yingxue thought so, her heart actually surged with shyness and joy. She once saw a sentence in a magazine that roughly said: If you like someone when you are young, the happiest thing is not that you can get together quickly, but that you know that you like each other.

Su Yingxue blushed and asked Li Mu, "Then how are you going to court me?"

"I don't know," Li Mu spread his hands and smiled bitterly, "I haven't thought about it yet. You have to let me think about it."

Su Yingxue found that Li Mu was usually very opinionated and had good vision, but now she didn't know why he was at a loss. He looked silly, but he was actually very cute.

Su Yingxue asked Li Mu with rare shyness, "What is the purpose of you chasing me?"