Chapter 1578

Dong Fangzhuo's transfer could be seen by any normal person as to which club's offer was more sincere, Manchester City or Manchester United.

Manchester United actually paid 500,000 pounds, and the rest was written into the agreement with various rewards and miscellaneous matters. At the same time, they loaned Dong Fangzhuo to Antwerp, Belgium, and exiled him for two years in exchange for a British work permit. If Dong Fangzhuo's performance in Antwerp was not enough to satisfy Manchester United, then he could forget about playing in the Premier League.

Manchester City was willing to follow Manchester United's offer, and then directly ensure that Dong Fangzhuo could immediately get a work permit and directly enter the Manchester City Football Club to play in the Premier League. Moreover, as the club's owner, Li Mu personally mentioned Dong Fangzhuo to Sun Jihai, and even conveyed his invitation to Dong Fangzhuo through Sun Jihai, and also conveyed his future resources in the club and in terms of publicity and promotion.

Li Mu did not need to show how many resources he had in the Premier League. Anyone with a discerning eye could see it clearly.

First of all, Li Mu had money that could not be spent, and the Manchester City Football Club would never be in financial trouble in the future.

Second, Li Mu had publicity resources. Any star player who wanted to be famous had skills on one hand, and publicity was also another. Who did not want more media exposure? As long as Makino Technology was added, these problems would no longer have to worry about;

Finally, Li Mu had enough political connections in the United Kingdom. Not to mention anything else, he had just been personally decorated by the Queen with the highest level of GBE in the Empire, and had cooperated with Prince William 3321, which would play a huge role in his future development in the United Kingdom.

Li Mu felt that he had indeed been very sincere. Not only did he not let Binhai Football Club suffer a loss, but he also provided Dong Fangzhuo with a better opportunity and a further prospect. Although Manchester City was not as strong as Manchester United, they were able to let Dong Fangzhuo enter the Premier League two years in advance and also promised him various resources. Whether it was for public or private reasons, he had already done very well. Under such circumstances, it was really unacceptable that Binhai Football Club still wanted to extort him.

President Chen of the Bincheng Club didn't expect that Makino Technology would directly issue an article to attack him just because of Dong Fangzhuo's quotation. Moreover, he suddenly became the target of public criticism. The sudden impact of public opinion caught him off guard.

When he was considering Dong Fangzhuo's transfer, President Chen had only considered his own interests. He did not consider Dong Fangzhuo's interests, nor did he consider Dong Fangzhuo's wishes. He only felt that Li Mu did not lack money and Li Mu would be willing to spend an extra 500,000 pounds. However, he had miscalculated Li Mu. Li Mu was not afraid of spending money, but he was afraid of spending it unnecessarily.

Why did you sell it to Manchester United for 3.5 million and me for 4 million?

Does Manchester United have a membership card in your club or something?

Aren't you clearly trying to scam me?

If I don't do something to you, wouldn't it be a waste of my talent for scolding people?

Therefore, under Li Mu's instructions, President Chen quickly became synonymous with a profiteer. Li Mu wanted to provide better opportunities for Hua Xia football players, but the boss of Hua Xia Club took the opportunity to drag him down and scam him for money. The contrast was particularly sharp, and President Chen was immediately spurned by countless people.

President Chen hated Li Mu to the core, but in front of Li Mu, his power was in an absolutely weak position. It was simply a pipe dream to want to reverse the situation.

After thinking about it, he finally made a decision. He personally made an overseas call to Sun Jihai and said to him, "Jihai, please do me a favor. Help me pass a message to Li Zong. Tell him that I really didn't mean to scam him. My offer was just a false report. As long as he says it, I will definitely give him a lower price than what I gave Manchester United. It's all a misunderstanding now."

Sun Jihai was also very embarrassed and said, "President Chen, I can help you pass this kind of message, but do you think Li Zong will believe it?

You made it clear before that 4 million pounds, the actual payment is 1 million, and the contract is written in 3 million, not a penny less, and your attitude is very firm … "

President Chen suddenly fell silent. What Sun Jihai said was also very reasonable. He had indeed said too much before. Because he wanted to earn more than 500,000 pounds, he directly said that he was dead set. Now that he was looking for compensation for himself, it would be strange if Li Mu would believe him.

After thinking about it, President Chen gritted his teeth and said in an extremely annoyed tone, "How about this, Jihai, tell Li Zong that I was confused for a moment and I'm very sorry. I'll take back my previous offer and give him a new one. 400,000 pounds, plus 3 million written in the contract, 100,000 less than Manchester United. What do you think?"

Sun Jihai thought to himself that if he had known this would happen now, he wouldn't have done it in the first place. If he had not wanted to scam Li Mu's money, the cooperation would have been finalized a long time ago. Dong Fangzhuo could even leave the club first and go home to prepare her luggage for the trip to England.

However, President Chen's attitude of knowing his mistake and changing made Sun Jihai breathe a sigh of relief. In this way, he was not completely only recognizing money. He took the initiative to lower the offer to Makino Technology, even lower than the price offered by Manchester United. This was indeed sincere.

Therefore, Sun Jihai said to him, "President Chen, I'll talk to Li Zong's assistant first and tell her your offer."

President Chen hurriedly thanked him, "Thank you very much, Jihai. Sorry to trouble you!"

Sun Jihai said, "It's what I should do. I'll call her now."

After hanging up the phone, President Chen gritted his teeth. You, Li Mu, are really awesome. You let your subordinate write an article to ruin my reputation. I can't afford to offend you, and I can't afford to offend the people of the country, so I can only compromise now and cut my own flesh to save myself.

However, as long as you accept my offer, then we'll have fun in the future. So what if you're awesome?

I'll say in front of the major media every day that in order to save this hundred thousand pounds, you deliberately used your influence to suppress me, slander me, and force me to compromise!

Others may not believe it, but it doesn't matter. I did sell Dong Fangzhuo to you for a hundred thousand pounds in the end. With this actual fact here, there will definitely be people who choose to believe me.

Moreover, many media outlets also want to make some big news. You, a billionaire, suppressed and slandered the owner of a small club in order to save a hundred thousand pounds. Once such news was exposed, the bad impact caused would be enough to make you suffer!

When Li Ziwei received Sun Jihai's call, she was already resting at home. After following Li Mu for so long in England, she felt very tired.

After receiving Sun Jihai's call and hearing that the Bincheng club had taken the initiative to lower the transfer fee, Li Ziwei called Li Mu and reported the latest offer from the Bincheng club to him.

After listening to the offer, Li Mu's first thought was that President Chen didn't seem to understand why he was targeting him. Targeting him was not to make him consciously lower the actual offer, but to make him more honest in doing business. He didn't want to set two price standards for the same product, one for foreigners, and one for his countrymen.

Therefore, what he wanted was nothing more than to bring in Dong Fangzhuo with the offer from the Bincheng club to Manchester United. For him, the hundred thousand pounds cheaper would make the problem more complicated.

Thinking of this, Li Mu suddenly understood why President Chen took the initiative to lower Dong Fangzhuo's price to four hundred thousand pounds and add three million into the contract. He wanted to make the problem more complicated. He wanted to use a hundred thousand pounds to confuse his real motive and make people think that he might have done so many things to lower the price.

Li Mu smacked his lips. This President Chen might have ulterior motives. From wanting to extort five hundred thousand pounds to taking the initiative to reduce a hundred thousand pounds, there was a huge difference of six hundred thousand pounds. For a person who only cared about profit, it was understandable for him to give up the offer of a million pounds under pressure, but it was definitely not normal for him to take the initiative to reduce the price by a hundred thousand pounds.

So, what was this guy's motive for taking the initiative to reduce a hundred thousand pounds?

Was he simply showing goodwill to me?

Not likely;

Taking a hundred thousand pounds as a sincere apology?

Not likely either;

The biggest possibility was that he wanted to use the hundred thousand pounds to confuse the public. If I agree, I might be blamed for it. At that time, regardless of whether I explain or not, the other party's goal would be achieved.

Li Mu almost made a decision in an instant. Whether President Chen did it intentionally or not, he could not take advantage of this small advantage. Therefore, he said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, tell them that my offer is a transfer fee of five hundred thousand pounds and a contract bonus of three million. I don't want any more or less. Also, my offer will only take effect before six o 'clock this afternoon. After six o' clock, I will withdraw this offer and let them decide for themselves."

Li Ziwei then said, "Then I will reply to Sun Jihai."

Li Mu would rather not have Dong Fangzhuo for the time being than to set a precedent for domestic clubs. He bought clubs overseas and picked players from China to train. It was not to buy a player from China for five hundred thousand pounds or a million pounds, train him for a few years, and then sell him for two or three million pounds. What he wanted to do was to help Hua Xia Football Club cultivate a group of potential players with experience in the top European leagues. If the first player he was going to bring in from China encountered such a disgusting club, then he would rather buy Dong Fangzhuo back from Manchester United at a higher price next year than get used to the stinky habits of these old dogs.

After a few turns, Li Mu's original words were conveyed to President Chen of the Bincheng club. Li Mu's insistence made President Chen particularly depressed. He did not expect that Li Mu did not even want the discount that was delivered to his doorstep and insisted on the transfer at a price of five hundred thousand pounds. In this case, wouldn't he have no chance to make a comeback?

Now that things had developed to this point, should he agree with Li Mu or simply refuse?

If he agreed, then Li Mu would buy Dong Fangzhuo at the actual price, and he would bear the infamy in vain. Everyone would only look at him and think that he was a profiteer who failed to cheat people and eventually gave up helplessly. His reputation would still be bad.

If he did not agree and Li Mu really gave up on Dong Fangzhuo, then his infamy would be even worse. The people would think that Dong Fangzhuo going to Li Mu's team was the best choice, but he stopped Dong Fangzhuo from joining Manchester City for the sake of money. Then as long as Dong Fangzhuo was still playing in the Premier League in the future, he would always be scolded.

No matter how he looked at it, he would suffer a heavy loss with these two choices.

While President Chen hated Li Mu, he could not help regretting in his heart. If he had known this would happen, why did he have to think about extorting a sum of money from Li Mu?

Wouldn't it be over if he directly agreed to Li Mu's offer?

He might even be able to get in touch with Li Mu and have some in-depth cooperation in the future …

Li Mu did not give President Chen too much time to think. When he realized that Li Mu would not be fooled, and he did not have any better ideas, he angrily chose to accept Li Mu's conditions. He did not ask for anything else but for everyone to scold him less. After all, no matter how much they scolded him, he did hand over Dong Fangzhuo at a reasonable price, which should more or less make up for it.