Chapter 27

Li Mu went home and fiddled with it. Finally, his new laptop was connected to the internet.

Fortunately, he had asked someone to install the necessary software when he bought the computer. Otherwise, it would take half an hour to download QQ with this speed.

Li Mu was very concerned about the number of downloads and reviews of the Stoneware Overlord. Therefore, he opened the BBS and found that the administrator of the first BBS had purposely pinned the post at the top. He even put up a banner advertisement saying that the first post with more than 30,000 replies was born.

As for the number of downloads, 230,000 was very scary.

The few websites calculated that the number of downloads had reached more than 400,000.

Li Mu felt that it was almost there. In the future, the growth rate would no longer be explosive. He did not know how many daily users there were in the Stone Age, but according to the data announced by all the internet companies to the public, they loved to brag about it. They said that they had a maximum of 200,000 online users at the same time. With a discount, the number of daily users was only about 300,000 to 500,000.

Then, he opened his private QQ.

On his private QQ, Zhao Kang left a message for himself. "F * ck, I came to the internet cafe to see the number of downloads. It has exceeded 400,000!"

Li Mu saw that he was online and asked, "Are you still in the internet cafe?"

"Yes, where have you been?"

"I'm at home."

"You have a computer at home?"

"I just went outside to get some money."

"F * ck, you're awesome."

Li Mu asked, "Did you sign up for an agent like I said when you logged into the forum today?"

"I didn't log in. I just opened the forum to take a look."

"That's good." Li Mu thought for a while and sent another message. "Come to my house tomorrow morning."

"Okay, I'll take a look at your new computer."

Thinking that the Stoneware Overlord was now dominating the market in the Stone Age, Li Mu opened his sockpuppet QQ to see who was contacting him.

As soon as he went online, countless requests popped up.

Sun Peng had sent dozens of Abbe cheats. Other than that, there were dozens of people who wanted to act as his agent in a certain region.

Li Mu continued to ignore him. He was prepared to test out Ah Bei's cheat.

At this time, his parents came home from work. Li Mu quickly got up. There was still a trial waiting for him. He needed to explain to his parents about the laptop and the remaining 60,000 yuan in his bag.

…

Papa Lee stubbed out the third cigarette in the ashtray and asked in disbelief, "Son, you said you wrote a song and sold it for 80,000 yuan, right?"

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded. For the fifth time, he pointed to his laptop and 60,000 yuan in cash and said, "It's all here."

"I still can't believe it …" Papa Lee said as he reached for a cigarette.

Li Ma suddenly said, "You don't believe in your son, but I do!"

Then, Li Ma recalled five years ago and said, "When my son was in the second year of middle school, I took him to the department store, and he insisted on buying a guitar. At that time, I thought that my son also had musical talent.

Anyway, the guitar was not expensive, so I bought it for him. At that time, I felt that my son was absolutely talented in music! "

Li Mu was a little embarrassed.

Back then, he had wanted a guitar because he had just come into contact with rock music. Dou Wei, Ding Wu, Gao Qi, and even Zhang Chu and He Yong were his idols back then. That was why he had pestered his mother to buy him a guitar.

At this time, Papa Lee said thoughtfully, "Oh, it's been five years!"

"Yes."

Li Ma said, "Didn't you see the Flower Band on TV? They are probably younger than our son. Don't they also write their own songs?

They have become stars! "

"That's right." Papa Lee thought about it and said hurriedly, "Son, what song did you write?

Can you sing it for Mom and Dad? "

Li Mu hurriedly waved his hand and said, "The song was sold for others to participate in the competition. You should be able to see it on TV after a while."

Li Mu did not have the courage to sing a song of the style of Li Bai in front of his parents, or it could be said that he could not sing most of the songs when his parents stared at him.

Papa Lee also knew that Li Mu might not be very comfortable, so he nodded. Then, he looked up at Li Mu and said, "Son, you have so much money. You have to spend it wisely. Don't waste it, okay?"

Li Ma immediately echoed, "Yes, I will deposit it in the bank tomorrow for you to go to college!"

Father Li hurriedly said, "Why are you meddling in this? It's your son's own money. Why are you saving it for him? When he grows up, he can make his own decisions. As long as he doesn't do evil things and waste money, it's fine."

Papa Lee had always been very open-minded, and his words made Li Ma feel a little embarrassed.

"You're right. I can make my own decisions about the money."

Li Mu immediately smiled and said, "I can make my own decisions, right?

That's OK. "

As Li Mu said this, he picked up 10,000 yuan in cash and said to his parents, "The remaining 50,000 yuan is free for you to use, and this 10,000 yuan is for my own use."

"You still have to go to college. You should save the money for college!"

"It's OK. I will earn the money for college."

Papa Lee and Li Ma stared at Li Mu as if they were looking at a monster. They did not know why their son suddenly became so confident.

However, the 60,000 yuan on the table was real and had a great visual impact.

Papa Lee and Li Ma exchanged a look, and Li Ma said, "OK, Mom, take the money."

…

The next morning, Zhao Kang came to Li Mu's home and specially looked at the new computer that Li Mu had bought. He looked a little envious, but he did not ask Li Mu how he got the money for the computer.

Li Mu did not want him to think that he had begun to make money from the Stoneware Overlord, so he said to him, "When the Stoneware Overlord is sold, I will buy one for you."

Zhao Kang hurriedly waved his hand and said, "It's too expensive. I can't accept it."

As he said this, Zhao Kang said very seriously, "The Stoneware Overlord is the result of your labor. I just helped to post on the Internet. What I did is not even worth one-tenth of this, let alone a laptop."

Li Mu patted him on the shoulder and said seriously, "I will not sell the Stoneware Overlord for less than 500,000 yuan. If it is more than that, I will not give it to you. I guarantee that you can make 50,000 yuan in this deal."

"50,000 yuan …" Zhao Kang looked at Li Mu, stunned.

And Li Mu also looked at Zhao Kang.

He wanted to know whether Zhao Kang was stunned out of surprise or dissatisfaction. The former was fine, but if it was the latter, it would be a little difficult.

Li Mu did treat Zhao Kang as a brother, but brothers were brothers. After all, Li Mu hoped to keep Zhao Kang by his side for a long time, as his trusted right-hand man. Therefore, he must find out whether Zhao Kang would have any changes that he did not want to see when faced with a large amount of money.

If it was just 50,000 yuan, it was indeed a lot. But according to the ratio of the two, there was a huge gap of nine to one, and it might even be more than ten to one.

Li Mu promised to give Zhao Kang 50,000 yuan. He also had a plan in his heart. If Zhao Kang was not satisfied with the ratio, then the 50,000 yuan would be used to pay for Zhao Kang's three-year college tuition. At least, he would not let Zhao Kang repeat the mistake of having a period when he was 19 years old in his previous life. However, there would be no such cooperation in the future.

However, what Li Mu did not expect was that Zhao Kang's expression was indeed a little dissatisfied, but the reason for his dissatisfaction was …

"Li Mu, what do you mean by this?

Pity me? "

Li Mu frowned, "Where did this come from?"

Zhao Kang said resentfully, "I know what I have done. You can hire a lot of people to do that for 20 yuan a day. Why should I take 50,000 yuan?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Didn't I say that I will let you earn enough for your tuition?"

"You are talking about a year's tuition. I think it is only six to seven thousand yuan."

Zhao Kang looked a little embarrassed. "Also, I thought that the thing you said would require me to use the whole summer vacation to work with you, but I only worked for a few days …"

Li Mu smiled slightly. This brother from his previous life seemed to be trustworthy.

"This time, you are not responsible for many things, but there will be more in the future."

Li Mu said, "After selling the Stoneware Overlord, before the next plug-in is developed, I will give you two things."

"Which two things?"

"Do a good job of publicity and expand the distribution channels."

"Distribution?"

Zhao Kang recalled Li Mu's words about the plug-in and asked curiously, "You have decided to sell it yourself?"

Li Mu nodded. "The Stone Age does not have a long life, and we do not have the starting capital. It is impossible to expand the distribution channels. However, after selling the Stoneware Overlord, we will have the starting capital."

"That disco, oh no, the game company will mess with us?"