Chapter 613

Just after the noon news was broadcast, some of the agitated fans took to the streets.

32??

With Zippo lighter in one hand, as long as they saw the newspapers and magazines owned by Zu Yaoting in front of any newsstand, they would pour lighter oil on them and ignite them. Soon, more than 30 newsstands in Hong Kong were burned, which scared the owners of other newsstands to hide the newspapers and magazines related to Zu Yaoting.

Many years ago, Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines were burned by the agitated fans once. That was during the Tan and Zhang controversy. Because he deliberately slandered Zhang Guorong, he was retaliated by Zhang Guorong's fans. During that time, all the distributors came to return the goods and dared not buy his newspapers and magazines again. It took him a long time to recover. Since that time, Zu Yaoting hated Zhang Guorong. Although he didn't dare to use his own newspapers and magazines to slander him, he always looked for opportunities to retaliate against Zhang Guorong. Unexpectedly, this time, he angered the public again, and history repeated itself.

However, the people were very supportive of this behavior. Every time a newsstand was set on fire, the onlookers would stop and applaud. Zu Yaoting's despicable and shameless behavior had been unanimously spurned by the whole Hong Kong. This time, everyone was on the side of Du Wei and Zhang Guorong.

Interestingly, this time, Zu Yaoting really angered the people of Hong Kong. When the newspapers and magazines were burned on the streets, the police on duty on the streets ran much slower than usual. In the eyes of other people, it seemed that they had the intention of deliberately letting the arsonist fans go.

Including the police, the whole Hong Kong couldn't stand Zu Yaoting, the scum of the scum, the scum of the scum, and these impulsive fans were still a little rational. They only burned the newspapers and magazines related to Zu Yaoting. They didn't damage other assets or hurt the newsstand owners, so the police deliberately let them go.

By the afternoon, 60 or 70 newsstands in Hong Kong had been burned. At the same time, no newsstand was still selling newspapers and magazines owned by Zu Yaoting. This was not the end. Some angry fans found the office of Zu Yaoting's media company. The milder ones put up posters at the door and shouted slogans to denounce Zu Yaoting. The more radical ones directly smashed the glass of Zu Yaoting's company with stones. In the afternoon, more than a dozen pieces of glass were broken. It was useless to call the police. The police came to maintain order because the citizens had the right to protest. They couldn't deprive and disperse the angry demonstrators.

Zu Yaoting was anxious in the office. He wanted to leave the company and go home to hide from the limelight, but now there were angry fans outside. He was afraid that he would be killed by rotten eggs if he went out. However, hiding in the company was not a solution. Moreover, listening to the uniform slogans insulting him outside, Zu Yaoting felt even more tormented in his heart.

He had never expected that Zhang Guorong and the others would take the initiative to use the media as a weapon to fight back against him. He had always felt that he was the one who controlled the media and public opinion. Whether it was Zhang Guorong or Du Wei, no matter how he attacked them, they could only silently endure it. At most, they would protest a little. But now, Zhang Guorong actually went all out and directly stood up to release the video. Now, all the Hong Kong media and citizens had become his die-hard supporters. As a result, what he was most worried about was not how to deal with it today, but where he should go in the future. New news kept coming. 60 or 70 newsstands were burned, all his magazines and newspapers were taken off the shelves, and the sellers called to ask for compensation and returns. But today, his losses were more than a million!

What worried Zu Yaoting the most was what would happen to his newspapers and magazines in the future. Would the next issue be printed?

If he let the printing factory print as usual, would they still be able to sell?

Or rather, would there still be people willing to sell his magazines?

Judging from the current situation, Zu Yaoting estimated that his newspapers and magazines would not be able to sell for the next month. The newsstand owner would not take such a risk to help him sell his goods. He could only wait for the situation to calm down and for everyone to slowly forget about it before quietly going on the market. If that was the case, his newspapers and magazines would have to stop for at least a month.

If the newspapers and magazines stopped for a month, not only would it have a huge impact on their income, but most importantly, the loss of users within a month would be quite terrifying. Moreover, a month was just a conservative estimate. If Zhang Guorong and the other media did not let go, it might not just be a month. It might even cause the magazines in his hands to stop publishing forever. Thinking of this, Zu Yaoting had a headache.

At that moment, Li Mu, who was far away in Yanjing, received a call from Xu Jianjun. On the phone, Xu Jianjun said, "Li Zong, I've already arranged for a friend in Hong Kong to do what you asked."

Li Mu said with a cold expression, "Please ask your friend in Hong Kong to keep a close eye on Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines. As long as they still dare to go on the market, burn as many of them as they can."

Xu Jianjun said, "Don't worry, I've already communicated with him."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The matter of besieging Zu Yaoting's company is also progressing, right?"

Xu Jianjun said, "This matter has also started."

"Okay." Li Mu's mood eased a little. He said, "Contact me in time if there's any news."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu was a little relieved. Although he didn't see the live broadcast of Zhang Guorong and the others on TV, Lu Xinyi had a lot of channels in Hong Kong. Basically, she had already understood the content of the live broadcast. If he waited patiently for this matter to brew, there might really be some fans who were too emotional to do something like burning the newsstands. But if it was all spontaneous, the scale would definitely not be uniform enough, and the influence would definitely not reach the peak in a short period of time. Therefore, Li Mu decided to add fuel to the fire behind the scenes. However, he didn't have any foundation in Hong Kong, and he didn't know many people. He couldn't let the few stars and record companies he knew plan this kind of thing. Therefore, he thought of Xu Jianjun. He was a private detective, and he had some means. It was reasonable to say that this kind of person should have trustworthy partners everywhere.

As Li Mu expected, Xu Jianjun did have connections in Hong Kong. After Li Mu told him the requirements, he directly hid all of Li Mu's information and communicated with the Hong Kong side one-on-one. After discussing the price with the Hong Kong side, the people there immediately followed Li Mu's request and gathered a group of people to pretend to be fans and incite other fans to attack quickly, catching Zu Yaoting off guard. Now, among the hundreds of fans surrounding the entrance of Zu Yaoting's company, there were several hidden spies who were fanning the flames.

Li Mu made two requests to the people in Hong Kong through Xu Jianjun. First, as long as Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines went on the market in the future, they should be burned as soon as possible, so that all the newspaper and magazine sellers would be afraid of Zu Yaoting's magazines and would not dare to touch them. They would never give Zu Yaoting's newspapers and magazines any chance to go on the market. Second, Li Mu also deliberately instructed the other side to gather fans to besiege Zu Yaoting and escalate the situation.

At this moment, there were more and more fans protesting and denouncing outside Zu Yaoting's company. Not only did fans from all over Hong Kong come here, but a large number of media also received the news and rushed to the scene to report. Zu Yaoting had now become the public enemy of Hong Kong. Such a big thing naturally had to be reported in detail by other media. Moreover, for other media, they also hoped to take this opportunity to hit Zu Yaoting when he was down. The media was originally a particularly competitive place. If one less newspaper and magazine, the sales of other media could go up a little. If one less TV station, the ratings of other media could improve a little. Zu Yaoting had several gossip magazines in his hands. If they died, a considerable part of the market share could be released.

Zu Yaoting, who was stuck in the company, was having a headache over how to leave when his secretary rushed in to tell him that there were more and more fans gathered outside. There were also a lot of media outlets who had come with their cameras and cameras. There were even fans who took the initiative to buy water and lunch boxes for the media reporters and other fans. It seemed like they were holding their ground here.

Zu Yaoting regretted it very much. If he had known it would be such a situation, he would have left quickly even if he had to take the risk of being hit by a few rotten eggs. Now there were more and more people, and even the media had come. It was even more impossible for him to leave.

Zu Yaoting knew the media reporters very well. Now that he had become a hot topic, these media reporters would definitely not leave easily. At the moment, he could only compete with them to see who was more patient. Therefore, Zu Yaoting said to his secretary, "Call the nearby teahouse to send some food here. I want to see who can last longer!"

The secretary nodded and turned to go back to his desk to make a phone call and order a lot of food and sugar water. Unexpectedly, when the delivery guy arrived at the door on his bike, he was stopped by the surrounding fans. They refused to let him in, and even threatened him to go to their restaurant to protest. The delivery guy was so scared that he turned around and left.

Zu Yaoting's secretary made more than a dozen delivery calls in a row, and all the people who came to deliver the food were driven away without exception. Zu Yaoting angrily called the police. After explaining the situation over the phone, he asked the police to disperse the fans and media that surrounded his company in a tough tone. However, the police officer who answered the phone said unhurriedly, "The citizens of Hong Kong have the right to protest and protest. We, the police, have no right to interfere. If they rush into your private property, we will arrest them. Otherwise, we can't do anything about it."

Zu Yaoting asked angrily, "What kind of attitude is this?

I am a taxpayer!

Now there are people making trouble in front of my company, and you don't care!

What's your police number?

I want to file a complaint! "

"My police number is 15217. If you want to file a complaint, please call the complaint hotline. Do you need me to transfer you?"

"F * ck you!"

When Zu Yaoting was besieged in his company, hundreds of artists in the Hong Kong entertainment circle jointly submitted an application to the Hong Kong government, asking the government to rectify the media that fabricated fake news and maliciously attacked artists. The Hong Kong government immediately gave a positive response, ordering all the newspapers and magazines under Zu Yaoting's name to stop publication and rectify. They also issued a public apology to the parties involved for the previous false reports.

At the same time, the public, whether they were Zhang Guorong's fans or not, gave enough understanding to Zhang Guorong. Although the whole Hong Kong had known some of his private affairs for a long time, there were not many people who really understood him. However, this time, he released the previous video information for Du Wei, which finally made the people who didn't understand him understand him before. At the same time, they also realized how much malicious media attacks he had suffered before. All of a sudden, Zhang Guorong won the support of the whole Hong Kong people.

At this point, Xiao Fangfang was quite gratified. Zu Yaoting's slander of Du Wei had been completely destroyed. In the end, this matter didn't have any impact on Du Wei. It was a perfect solution. Originally, Xiao Fangfang was afraid that Zhang Guorong would be more hurt because of this, but she didn't expect that Zhang Guorong would be recognized and understood by the whole Hong Kong people. It could be said that it was a blessing in disguise.

Xiao Fangfang specially called Li Mu to tell him what had happened in Hong Kong. In her own words, she was lucky to have fulfilled her mission this time and not let Du Wei be hurt by the scumbag Zu Yaoting. Li Mu was very touched by Xiao Fangfang's actions. He deliberately thanked her and said, "President Xiao, thank you so much for this matter. On behalf of Du Wei and myself, I thank you for everything you have done."

Xiao Fangfang said, "This is what I should do. It was I who invited you and Miss Du to come here. If you are affected again because of this matter, I really won't feel at ease for the rest of my life."

As she said this, she added, "By the way, I want to thank you on behalf of Leslie. You helped him before, and this time he also got everyone's understanding because of this matter. Leslie is also in very good condition. I think he is much better than before. When he goes to the mainland in two days, I think he will be even better."

Li Mu said, "President Xiao, if you have nothing to do, you can also come to the mainland. I will entertain you the whole time!"

Xiao Fangfang said with a smile, "I don't have time for the time being. In the next few days, I will start to prepare for next month's charity auction. By the way, I forgot to tell you that I really gained a lot today. Because of what happened on TV, many stars took the initiative to call to express their support, and even took the initiative to donate things to the fund. There are also film and record companies calling to say that they want to support next month's charity auction. I originally thought that it would be good enough to raise dozens of items from this auction, but today it seems that at least two or three hundred items will be raised."

Li Mu said in surprise, "The number of donated items has increased so much. That's great!"

"Yes!"

Xiao Fangfang said, "If the price of this auction can be satisfactory, the fund will be able to raise a very considerable amount of money."

Li Mu thought that Xiao Fangfang had once asked him to help think of a healthy business model for the fund, but he had never thought of a breakthrough at that time. After returning to the mainland, he had not studied it seriously. Now he suddenly grasped some clues from Xiao Fangfang's words. After a moment, he sorted out his thoughts and said to Xiao Fangfang, "President Xiao, I have thought of a very good business model for the fund!"