Chapter 672

Recently, Wei Lan had been in a very bad state. She was plagued with all kinds of problems, to the point that she was almost unable to take it anymore.

A few months ago, Wei Lan was still a famous beautiful CEO in Shanghai. As the general manager of Shanghai's Juncheng Real Estate, she relied on her extraordinary beauty and outstanding personal ability to enjoy limitless glory in the business world of Shanghai. Meanwhile, her father, Wei Jun, was the chairman of Juncheng Real Estate. The father and daughter were the only father-daughter pair in Shanghai's real estate industry, and they were very famous in Shanghai.

Before the incident, although Juncheng Real Estate was not ranked in the top five of the most popular real estate market in Shanghai, it was at least a part of the top ten. Moreover, it was rising very quickly. People in the industry were generally optimistic that Juncheng Real Estate would rank among the top five real estate companies in Shanghai in 2003. However, they did not expect that Juncheng Real Estate would be hit in the head when it was at its peak.

Since last year, Wei Jun had invested a lot of money to participate in the development of Shanghai's new district. Relying on his strong relationship with the leader of the new district, he had the right time, place, and people to invest in three properties in the new district in one go. When the three properties were about to be completed, the land price of the new district had skyrocketed by about 30% to 40%. If the properties were to be successfully opened in the second half of the year, Wei Jun would be able to make a lot of money from it.

However, Wei Jun's luck was too bad. Some time ago, the leader of the new district was investigated by the authorities for corruption. The source of the assets of the new district's leader was at least 20 to 30 million yuan, and more than half of it came from Wei Jun. This pushed Wei Jun to the forefront of this matter.

This was not the end of it. At this time, Wei Jun's competitors had their eyes on Juncheng Real Estate. The other party's goal was very clear. They wanted to wipe out Wei Jun's Juncheng Real Estate in one fell swoop. Therefore, they worked together with higher-level officials and directly used Wei Jun's suspicion of bribery and Juncheng Real Estate's illegal practices in many real estate projects to block all three of Juncheng Real Estate's properties that were about to be completed. The company's accounts were also temporarily frozen.

Blocking meant that construction would be temporarily suspended and all forms of trading would be prohibited. As for how long the blocking would last, the relevant authorities did not give a specific deadline. They only gave a rough explanation: Only after the matter of the fallen leader was investigated and the public prosecution was closed would it be possible to unblock the three properties. Moreover, this was under the condition that the three properties of Juncheng Real Estate were found to have not been involved in any illegal operations.

This move was very ruthless. It immediately grabbed Wei Jun's lifeline. Every project of a real estate developer required a huge investment. A small amount of the investment was their own money, but a large amount was from the bank. The bank's interest rate was frighteningly high, but as long as the project progressed normally, the bank's interest rate was nothing. Once the market opened, the investment would be back with interest. However, once the real estate project was blocked, it would be over. Once the stipulated repayment date with the bank was up and the company did not have enough money to repay the loan, the bank would have the absolute right to take back the three real estate projects that were mortgaged to them to make up for their losses. If things really reached this point, not only would the three real estate projects be gone, all the money that they had previously invested would also be wasted.

The real estate industry was a profitable industry with a small capital, but it was also an industry with extremely cruel competition. There were many demons in this industry who devoured people without spitting out their bones. Among them, there were also hunters hidden in the dark. They were like behemoths that relied on devouring reinforced concrete to level up. They constantly relied on devouring other people's hard work to strengthen themselves. Juncheng Real Estate had invested a lot of manpower, material resources, financial resources, and connections in the early stage to facilitate these three real estate projects from scratch. Seeing that they were about to reap the harvest, once the umbrella above their heads was destroyed, the people who wanted to pluck the fruit came.

This grim situation crushed the battle-hardened Wei Jun. He knew very well that someone wanted to put him to death, and the other party was an existence that he could not afford to provoke. There were so many real estate projects in the country, and more than 80% of the real estate projects would have some connection with local officials. If they really wanted to investigate to the death, who could not be found out?

Juncheng Real Estate had invested more than one billion in these three real estate projects, and a large part of it came from bank loans and the capital contributions of other shareholders. From the time a corruption case was thoroughly investigated to the time the dust was finally settled, it would take at least one or two years. If the three real estate projects were closed for one or two years, just the bank interest alone would be enough to kill people. If the loans could not be paid back, the real estate would naturally become the bank's in the end. Once the bank changed hands, the three real estate projects could be easily taken away by their competitors.

What's more, no one knew if Wei Jun would be prosecuted for bribery after the case was investigated. There was a powerful person behind the scenes. Perhaps the other party wanted to put Wei Jun in jail first, and then bankrupt his Juncheng Real Estate.

In the beginning, Wei Jun looked for people everywhere to smooth things over, but it was useless. The relevant departments did not let up at all. Later, there was news that the relevant departments had made great progress in the investigation of the fallen official. The other party could not bear the heavy pressure and had already started to commit suicide. Wei Jun specially consulted a lawyer. Based on the amount of interests between him and the fallen official, once the other party committed suicide, Wei Jun would face at least ten years in prison. If there was someone behind the scenes who deliberately wanted to mess with him, he would probably face a few more years on top of that.

Wei Jun panicked. For a businessman in his early fifties, his business path had just entered the prime of his life. If he was schemed against at this time, forget about a dozen years in prison, even five years was enough to ruin his decades of hard work. After a few years in prison, he would be devastated beyond recognition, and his business would definitely not be able to hold on. The online projects would be taken away by the loan bank, and the other fixed assets would be fought over by other shareholders and creditors. When he came out of prison, he would be an old man with nothing.

In a panic, Wei Jun hurriedly left Hong Kong and went to America. The Wei Family still had some fixed assets and savings in America. Wei Jun could go to America to avoid being suddenly arrested one day. He could lose his business, but he couldn't lose himself and his business.

Before Wei Jun left the country, he entrusted Juncheng Real Estate to Wei Lan. He asked Wei Lan to think of ways to smooth things over while preparing to give up on Juncheng Real Estate. If he couldn't keep Juncheng Real Estate, Wei Lan had to do his best to avoid losses and recover as much as he could. After liquidating all the assets that could be recovered, he would take his mother to America and never return.

This was the Wei Family's strategy of abandoning the rook to protect the king.

Recently, Wei Lan had been fighting and mediating with various departments and companies in Shanghai in a high-profile manner. At the same time, she was carefully handling some of the Wei Family's real estate, preparing to leave. But for Wei Lan, she wasn't willing to leave Shanghai and Hua Xia unless it was absolutely necessary. This was not only the place where she grew up, but it was also her father's life's work. If she couldn't protect this business for him, it would be a huge blow to his future, and she wouldn't be able to forgive herself.