Chapter 634

Carrying the food and drinks he just bought from the supermarket, Li Mu drove directly on the road to Ziyun Heights.

When Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu was going out of the city, she couldn't help but ask him curiously, "Where are you taking me?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows, "Guess."

"I'm not guessing," Zhao Ziqiu pouted and said, "You're so much smarter than me, how can I guess what you're thinking?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This has nothing to do with being smart, okay? The key is whether you have spirituality or not."

Zhao Ziqiu saw that the road was quite familiar, she couldn't help but ask, "You're not taking me to Ziyun Villa, are you?

I don't have a car card or a key, so I can't get in … "

Li Mu smiled mysteriously and said, "I have a way to get in."

"Really?" Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "Don't tell me it's the kind that breaks the door and enters?

Let's not talk about whether we can get in or not, if we're arrested by the police, it's not worth it. "

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, just follow me."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded slightly and said with a smile, "Let's see what you're up to."

As expected, the car drove to the gate of Ziyun Villa. Li Mu slowed down the car, while Zhao Ziqiu was lost in thought as she looked at the gate of Ziyun Villa. Originally, this was just a property of her family, so she didn't have any special feelings for it. However, since the night before Li Mu's birthday, the meaning of this place became extremely special to her. She dedicated herself here to the man who made her fall in love with him, and experienced the transformation from a girl to a woman here, so this place had a special meaning to her. Unfortunately, her father was too decisive and didn't leave any room for her. He directly changed the key here.

After passing two speed bumps, Li Mu's car had already entered the entrance. He then rolled down the window and took out a card from the storage compartment beside the door. He gently swiped it on the gate, and with a beep, the gate sprang open. Four words appeared on the red screen: Welcome home.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu in surprise. "Where did you get the card?"

Li Mu smiled and said the same two words that deserved a beating, "Guess."

Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but ask, "Did you buy a house here?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "So smart!"

Zhao Ziqiu turned sideways, looked at Li Mu, and asked happily, "Really? You really bought it?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Really, it's a little further inside your house, the one closest to the lake."

"That's great!"

Zhao Ziqiu's eyebrows were full of surprise and excitement. She asked cheerfully, "Why did you think of buying a house here?"

Li Mu said, "It's closer to your house. I thought that maybe you will live here with your parents in the future. At that time, I will live not far from your house. If you miss me, you can sneak out in the middle of the night to find me. Isn't it exciting to think about it?"

"You …" Zhao Ziqiu rolled her eyes at Li Mu and asked shyly but expectantly, "Will you live here for the whole summer vacation?

If you really live here, I will ask my mother to accompany me for a few days. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I will go home in the middle of July, but I will definitely come back at the end of July. If you have nothing to do, come back earlier."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "I will try my best. As long as my mother is willing, there should be no problem."

As she said this, Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu and said eagerly, "My mother also asked you to go to Hangzhou during the summer vacation. She said she would treat you to dinner."

Li Mu asked half-jokingly and half-seriously, "Will your father be willing?"

"Don't tell him," Zhao Ziqiu said, "He has a lot of things to do. He is not in Hangzhou half of the time."

Li Mu said, "Okay, I will take some time to go to Hangzhou during the summer vacation."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Then you have to keep your word. I asked you to go during the winter vacation, but you didn't go …"

Li Mu gently scratched the bridge of her nose. "How can the winter vacation be the same as now?

We were friends during the winter vacation. Now you are my woman. "

When Zhao Ziqiu heard Li Mu's words, she nodded heavily and smiled like a flower.

The two of them arrived at the villa that Li Mu had newly bought. Zhao Ziqiu first curiously looked around the whole villa. Thanks to Li Ziwei's hard work, the house was very clean, and all kinds of daily necessities were very complete. The current state of the house was much better than the dust-proof state. The overall level of decoration and comfort had also been greatly improved.

Zhao Ziqiu was greatly shocked by the decoration style and effect of this house. This style was simply beyond her imagination. She knew that Li Mu had bought a second-hand house, so she praised it and said, "The previous owner must have had a very good taste!

The decoration is simply amazing. It's even better than my home. "

As she said this, Zhao Ziqiu did not forget to complain about her father. "My father is actually quite vulgar. He likes the feeling of magnificence, so he made the house look like a hotel."

Li Mu laughed and said, "I very much agree with what you said."

As he said this, Li Mu couldn't help thinking of Wei Lan. It could be seen that Wei Lan was indeed a person with good taste. She was indeed a rare goddess with high scores, but he didn't know if she had overcome her difficulties.

Zhao Ziqiu said, "Go to the living room and rest for a while. I'll go and cook."

Li Mu said, "I'll help you."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "No, you go and watch TV. Just wait for dinner. I'll just make a little, and it'll be done soon."

Li Mu did not insist. When Zhao Ziqiu entered the kitchen to prepare to cook, Li Mu quietly slipped into the kitchen. He stood outside the kitchen door and watched Zhao Ziqiu, who was busy and even a little flustered. Seeing such a beautiful and delicate beauty turn into a little cook in the kitchen to make dinner for him, Li Mu's heart was almost overflowing with a sense of accomplishment. This kind of blessing was not something that anyone could cultivate. He was obviously a favored child of God. Otherwise, he would not have allowed him to be reborn and given him a chance to change his life.

As he was sighing with emotion, Zhao Ziqiu caught a glimpse of Li Mu leaning against the door and looking at her with a smile. She couldn't help but say, "Why did you come here?

You didn't tell me you were here. You scared me. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "I came to admire the beauty. I don't know which family's girl is so beautiful. You're a feast for the eyes. I'll eat my fill after seeing you."

Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face turned slightly red. She asked Li Mu, "Why did you suddenly become so sweet?

I'm sure you're up to no good. "

Li Mu walked into the kitchen and gently put his hands around her waist. Zhao Ziqiu's magnificent chest gently pressed against Li Mu's. The faint shampoo fragrance entered his nose, making Li Mu's heart itch.

Today, Zhao Ziqiu was wearing a black round-neck short T-shirt and a purple half-length skirt. She was delicate and charming. Li Mu couldn't help lowering his head to kiss her red lips. At the same time, he stretched out his hand to go around her back and skillfully untied the double row of hooks on her back through her clothes. The two cloth belts that popped open in an instant seemed to perfectly reflect Zhao Ziqiu's amazing elasticity, attracting Li Mu's hand to go back to the front of her body to find out what was going on.

Zhao Ziqiu whispered in Li Mu's ear, "Don't do this. The meal isn't finished yet."

Li Mu said, "I don't want to eat. I only want to eat you!"

Zhao Ziqiu looked up at Li Mu. When she saw that his eyes were full of desire for her like a hungry wolf, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't hold back anymore. She couldn't help standing on tiptoe and throwing herself into Li Mu's kiss.

Li Mu couldn't help himself. He tried to lift up Zhao Ziqiu's skirt, but Zhao Ziqiu crossed her legs and clamped the skirt in the middle. She panted and said to Li Mu, "Not here. Go to the bedroom …"

Li Mu said, "The bedroom needs to go upstairs. I can't wait!"

"It'll be very fast. Isn't there an elevator?"

"I don't want to go anywhere. I'll just stay here."

"How can you stay here!"

"Why not here?"

"… You're a bad guy!"

…

Zhao Ziqiu's flight flew away.

Li Mu took a break from his busy schedule to accompany her for a day. During this day, apart from accompanying Zhao Ziqiu, he didn't ask about other work matters.

Liu Yidong called Li Mu to tell him about the progress of the logistics company's preparation. He wanted to tell Li Mu who he had poached, but Li Mu didn't give him a chance. He said, "I'm on leave today. We'll talk about work tomorrow."

Then he hung up the phone. Liu Yidong was depressed. He was only responsible for Taobao's matters, but he was already overwhelmed. Before Mango-ME's mass shipment, he was busy with the warehouse base. After the warehouse base was done, he had to deal with Mango-ME's shipment. After the shipment was done, he was busy with the summer brand pre-sales. After the pre-sales were done, he was busy with the logistics company. He hadn't rested even for half a day. Li Mu not only had to take care of Taobao, but he also had to deal with Makino Technology. Makino Technology's business was bigger than Taobao, but Li Mu could still take a break from his busy schedule. He really couldn't compare with him.

At the same time, Wang Nan called him to report the progress of the portal website. Li Mu directly replied, "I don't want to hear it. Just do as you see fit. We've discussed all kinds of details so many times, and we've talked about them thoroughly. Just follow the established route."

The YY portal had been preparing for a long time, and it was almost time to launch. All the preparation work before going online had been completed. The entertainment network reporter team formed by Lu Xinyi was also ready to follow up and interview the three A-list celebrities, Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei. They had already announced through YY that the three celebrities would arrive in Beijing soon, and that Makino Technology would follow up and report the whole process. It had begun to warm up on the Internet. When they set off for Beijing, the YY portal would go online, and the special report would be launched at the same time.

Now, any movement of Makino Technology would attract the attention of the whole industry. Therefore, after the warm-up publicity this time, the industry insiders were trying to figure out the routine of Makino Technology. They were all guessing which product Makino Technology would use as the carrier of this follow-up report. Some guessed it would be YY, some guessed it would be Tieba, and some guessed it would be a portal website. Everyone had their own speculations, and each had their own basis.

Chen Tong felt that this matter was very bad. Although Makino Technology had been doing in-depth cooperation with the entertainment circle through Tieba, and it was not a big deal to invite a few celebrities to Beijing, he was keenly aware of the two words in the warm-up publicity — follow-up report.

Makino Technology didn't even have a portal website. How could it have a team to do follow-up reports?

Follow-up reports were within the scope of the media's responsibility. It was not something that could be done by a few technicians. According to Li Mu's way of doing things, he would never do it casually or perfunctorily. The biggest possibility was that Makino Technology had already formed a network media team. Why did Makino Technology form a network media team?

The biggest possibility was that he wanted to make his own portal website …