Chapter 212

Li Mu would never have dreamed that tonight's news broadcast would report on 3321 and list 3321 as the main content.

At the beginning of every day's news broadcast, the two anchors would take turns to introduce the main content of the news broadcast. News that could be included in this sequence was of extraordinary importance.

Because there was no TV in the private room of the hotel, Li Mu watched the rebroadcast on the international channel that night.

This time, the news broadcast had a total of two and a half minutes to report on the new public welfare platform 3321. Not only did they match the latest footage of Shanbei student aid, but they also edited a clip of Yantai University's 3321 part-time tutor. The news broadcast's evaluation of 3321 was: Innovative, bold, efficient, and open.

Innovative because this was a financial aid model that integrated the upstream and downstream resources of the tutoring industry and left all the opportunities for new students.

Bold because for the first time, someone dared to break the deadlock of traditional financial aid and let poor students rely on their own strength to help themselves. The most valuable thing was that while they helped themselves, they could also help others.

Efficient because the 3321 platform had nearly ten thousand registered college students. The total amount of orders generated every week reached millions, and the weekly accumulation of financial aid funds was hundreds of thousands of yuan. The scale of the funds was unimaginable. Central TV even commented that if 3321 was not based on public welfare, it would be an excellent entrepreneurial project with an annual income of at least ten million yuan.

It was open because all of 3321's financial income and expenditure were open to the public. Every student's financial aid used and every student's information were all clearly recorded and verifiable. The transparency of funds was almost 100%.

Central TV was full of praise for 3321, but when it came to the founder of 3321, Li Mu, it simply mentioned, "The founder of 3321 is a freshman in the School of Finance at Renmin University."

Other than that, they didn't even mention his name.

Li Mu didn't care. He understood the routine of Central TV. If they had already spread the news to this extent, then they would definitely continue to follow up with follow-up reports or interviews. Li Mu didn't dare to expect to go on the news broadcast or focus interviews, but he thought that he would at least show his face in Eastern Spacetime, right?

He didn't have any other requests. He just wanted to show his face. Once he showed his face in front of Central TV, many things would be easier for him in the future.

Sure enough, the next morning, Li Mu was called to the director's office. Central TV's Focus Talk program team had sent an official letter to the National People's Congress, hoping to conduct an in-depth interview with Li Mu and the National People's Congress on 3321.

Focus interviews!

Before Li Mu could get excited, the school leaders got excited first.

With the importance of the National People's Congress, this kind of focus interview program was not unheard of. However, this time was different. In the past, the focus interviews were about academic and enrollment matters. It was difficult to have any outstanding focus. It was also not like the top universities like Tsinghua University, which often had major scientific research results. Therefore, the National People's Congress had always been lukewarm in front of the media. This time was different. This was a huge public welfare project hatched by the National People's Congress on campus. Just this point alone was enough to beat all the schools in the country in terms of quality education.

No school could hatch such a perverted 100% positive energy project like 3321. The other schools could do nothing more than to call on students to donate to their classmates, or the school to donate to their students. Compared to a behemoth like 3321, it was simply too low.

There was also no school that could produce such a monstrous student like Li Mu. Of course, this was what the school leaders of the National People's Congress thought. In reality, there was no other school on campus that could have a super big bug like Li Mu, who had been reborn and was full of cheats.

The Central TV interview was tentatively scheduled for Friday. The reason why the school leaders asked Li Mu to come was for him to actively cooperate. They did not even ask him if he was free on Friday, or if he was in the mood for an interview.

Naturally, Li Mu could not refuse. Central TV was equivalent to giving him an ancient yellow vest. Although he was not prepared to use 3321's name to commit crimes, it would be much more convenient for him to do things in the future.

After discussing with the school leaders for a long time, Li Mu and the school roughly came up with a unified plan.

First of all, Li Mu could not monopolize the Central TV interview. To a certain extent, he had to make it clear to the reporters that although the National People's Congress did not directly participate in 3321, it had given him and 3321 a lot of support.

Secondly, the school leaders also requested that the reporters must visit the three rooms of the National People's Congress. It would be best if they could be interviewed in the three rooms of the National People's Congress.

Lastly, the school leaders would accompany the entire interview.

Since Li Mu had already agreed, he naturally had to do more favors. The biggest benefit was that the National People's Congress would give him more support and convenience in the future. Of course, it would be best to have a good relationship with the school.

On Friday morning, the Central TV interview team's reporters came to the campus of Renmin University. Li Mu met them in the three rooms. At the same time, waiting in the three rooms were Dong Ai and her group of full-time employees, as well as a few guys from Dorm 606.

Of course, it was better to have fun alone than to have fun with everyone. Li Mu also did not want to be the only one on screen for more than ten minutes. He would symbolically appear on screen for one or two minutes, and Central TV would give him a title: Founder of 3321 - Li Mu. That was enough.

In front of the camera, Li Mu was humble and confident. His speech and mannerisms were also very appropriate. There was no sign of nervousness. This kind of performance made the Central TV reporters look at him in a different light. Most importantly, when the reporters asked about the creation of 3321, the design of the platform, the development of functions, and the subsequent promotion of the platform, Li Mu answered fluently. The powerful logic of the internet mixed with the concept of the future O2O shocked the experienced and knowledgeable reporters.

Li Mu said, "To me, 3321 is a kind of connection and connection between online and offline. It allows me to move the offline services and sell them online. However, we still need to solve the payment problem. If we can complete the payment online, it would be more convenient for 3321 users."

Li Mu was throwing out the bait to make the reporters curious about his online payment plan. Then, he would take the opportunity to propose a vague payment prototype.

As expected, the reporter asked Li Mu, "Why do you want to complete the payment online?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "To provide enough convenience for our users. Let them bid for the students' lessons at home and complete the payment at home. They don't have to leave their homes. All they need to do is wait for the students to come to their homes."

The reporter nodded. "This way, it would indeed be more convenient. However, what does 3321 need to do to reach this step?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Actually, as long as the banks give us a certain amount of assistance, we can solve this problem."

At this point, Li Mu didn't go any deeper into his Alipay blueprint. It was enough for him to reach this step. In the future, when he went to the banks, the banks would definitely actively cooperate. This was because he was carrying the banner of public welfare and had the attention of the top media. If they didn't cooperate, they would probably be drowned in the spit of public opinion.

Then, Li Mu introduced Dong Ai and his brothers to the reporters. He also introduced the 3321 that the National People's Congress had generously approved for him. Moreover, Li Mu abided by the spirit of the contract. He pointed at the magnificent workstations and brand new computers in the three rooms and said, "Our project has also received help from some socially responsible companies. For example, all the computers, workstations, and office equipment here are all provided by Baidu..."

In short, he had given them all the favors.

The school leaders were also very satisfied. Li Mu didn't accept too many interviews and then pushed many of the reporters' questions to the school leaders. At the same time, he kept saying that the school had given him a lot of support.

After a whole day, the Central TV reporters left in satisfaction. The school leaders also happily went home for the weekend. Li Mu could finally relax after being tense for the whole day. Although he acted very naturally in front of the Central TV reporters, he was always tense in his heart, reminding himself not to say or express the wrong intentions. Otherwise, if he gave others a chance to misunderstand, it would cause unnecessary trouble in the future.

But fortunately, Li Mu was quite satisfied with his performance today. He could give it 90 points.

Just as he was thinking about how to spend the weekend, Zhang Kexuan called Li Mu and said, "Don't arrange anything else tonight. I'll take you to a party."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "What party?

Do you have friends in Yanjing? "

"Yes."

Zhang Kexuan said, "I used to have a childhood friend. He came to Yanjing with his family a few years ago and is doing very well in Yanjing. Today is his friend's birthday. He said that his friend likes simple plans and insisted that I go to support him. I didn't want to go at first, but thinking that you are in Yanjing, I thought it would be better to bring you along and get to know them. If you have any problems in Yanjing in the future, there will be someone to take care of you."

Li Mu asked curiously, "How is your relationship with him?"

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "How should I put it? A few years ago, he looked down on me. Now that we have made a name for ourselves with the band, he has started to take the initiative to contact me. This person is still very strong, much stronger than the few of us."

Li Mu asked again, "Are Tianming and the others going?"

"No." Zhang Kexuan said, "They weren't invited, and it's not good for me to bring them along."

Li Mu said, "I wasn't invited either!"

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "I told that brother that I have a friend in Yanjing, and I also said that you are the founder of 3321, so he invited you."

Li Mu was secretly speechless, but after thinking about it, he still decided to go and take a look. After all, he didn't have any foundation in Yanjing. If he could befriend some capable people, it would also broaden his future.