Chapter 356

Li Mu didn't know why Zhao Kang would be injured, nor did he know why he went to Xiaotangshan. The person who called was a doctor from Xiaotangshan Hospital. He said that Zhao Kang was beaten up together with a girl. However, Zhao Kang's injuries were more serious. Although his life wasn't in danger, he was currently undergoing a system examination. The girl's condition was relatively better. Although she had some minor injuries, it wasn't a big deal.

Hearing that there was a girl, Li Mu had a rough idea. He might have borrowed his car to bring the girl out to play. Xiaotangshan's hot spring was very famous, so he probably went there to soak in the hot spring. But how could he be injured while soaking in the hot spring?

Who did it?

Could it be that he was jealous of someone else?

Li Mu couldn't guess, nor did he have the time to guess. After asking about the situation, he hung up and said to Fu Bin, "I'm sorry, something happened to my friend. I have to go and take a look. I'll let Qingya and Lingyu accompany you. You three can have a good chat. Perhaps after Alipay and Shanda cooperate, Makino Technology can also cooperate with Shanda in the future."

Fu Bin smiled and said, "Yeah, I think it's very possible. Li Zong, if you have something to do, please go ahead. I'll visit you again next time I come to Yanjing."

Li Mu nodded and then left. He hailed a taxi and went straight to Xiaotangshan Hospital. There was no traffic at all, so it took him a full hour to get there.

As soon as he arrived at the hospital, Li Mu went straight to the emergency department. When he saw a nurse, he asked if there was a patient named Zhao Kang. He asked three nurses in a row before he got the information. According to the nurse, Zhao Kang was treating his wounds in the debridement room.

Li Mu rushed over with the nurse leading him. As soon as he entered, he saw Zhao Kang with a swollen face and half of his hair shaved. The doctor was stitching up his wounds, and beside him sat a tear-stained girl.

Seeing Li Mu come in, Zhao Kang weakly waved at Li Mu. As a result, he grimaced in pain because of the injury on his arm. The doctor hurriedly said, "Don't move. It's almost done."

Li Mu blurted out, "What's going on?

Who did it? "

Zhao Kang grinned and said, "To be honest, I don't know him either."

"You don't know him?" Li Mu was even more surprised. "Generally speaking, it's unlikely that others would attack you for no reason."

The girl next to Zhao Kang looked at Zhao Kang with distress and said in a choked voice, "We really don't know those people. As soon as Zhao Kang drove into the hotel's parking lot and we got out of the car, several cars rushed up and surrounded us. Those people attacked us as soon as they got up and said …"

"That's enough, Jiajia." Zhao Kang interrupted Wang Jia. He waved his hand and said, "Stop talking first."

Although Wang Jia didn't know why Zhao Kang interrupted her, seeing his insistent expression, she nodded gently and obediently shut her mouth.

Li Mu felt that something was not right, so he asked Zhao Kang, "Kang Zi, is there something you're hiding from me?"

Zhao Kang smiled slightly. "There's something I'm hiding from you."

As he spoke, Zhao Kang glanced at Wang Jia and said, "I haven't told you before, but I have a girlfriend. This is Wang Jia. Jiajia, this is my good brother, Li Mu. We grew up together."

Li Mu was puzzled, but he still nodded politely to Wang Jia and said politely, "Hello."

Wang Jia also nodded slightly with red eyes. The two of them greeted each other. The doctor stitched up the wound on Zhao Kang's head. There were a total of twelve stitches. After the stitches were done, he wrapped his head with gauze a few times and said, "Don't let the wound get wet these few days. The wound on the head will heal quickly. It will grow back in four or five days. It will take a little longer to remove the stitches. Come to the hospital for a checkup in about a month."

Zhao Kang asked quickly, "Is my head okay?"

The doctor said, "It looks fine on the X-ray, but just in case, don't rush to leave. I'll arrange a bed for you. You can lie down and rest for a while. If there's nothing else in the evening, you can leave."

After that, the doctor hesitated for a moment and said, "You'd better call the police. Your injury is not serious. It's not life-threatening, but it's still a minor injury."

Zhao Kang nodded and said with a smile, "I know, doctor. Thank you."

The doctor asked the nurse to arrange a vacant bed for Zhao Kang in the emergency department. Xiaotangshan was a relatively remote place, and there were not many patients in the emergency department. Li Mu vaguely remembered that this place was the hospital that concentrated on treating SARS patients during the SARS period. It was extremely famous during the SARS period, but now it was just an ordinary city-owned tertiary hospital, almost unknown.

Li Mu helped Zhao Kang, who was covered in wounds, to the ward. Zhao Kang leaned against the headboard and said to Wang Jia, "Jiajia, go out for a while. I have something to talk to Li Mu about."

Wang Jia nodded and quietly got up to go out. She closed the door from outside. Li Mu sat next to Zhao Kang, looked at him and asked, "Is there something you didn't tell me just now?"

Zhao Kang smiled slightly. He hesitated for a moment and asked Li Mu, "Little Mu, did you provoke someone?"

Li Mu frowned. "What do you mean?"

Zhao Kang said, "I drove from Jiaotong University with Wang Jia and didn't stop along the way. Not long after we drove into the hot spring hotel, a few cars behind us surrounded us. About ten people came up and started fighting without saying a word. Halfway through the fight, one of the guys said that he hit the wrong person, but he said that he hit the wrong person, but the car plate number was correct. That guy even asked me who the owner of the GL8 was, and I said that I rented it. So, I think they must be coming for you …"

The anger in Li Mu's stomach that his brother was beaten suddenly rushed to the top of his head. In that case, Zhao Kang actually took the beating for him!

They called the wrong person, but the license plate number was correct. It was obvious that they were coming for him. Maybe they followed his car from the city all the way to Xiaotangshan before they started fighting.

However, since they were coming for him, why did they ask Zhao Kang who the owner of the car was?

Did he not know him?

That was not right. If he did not know him, why did he have such a big grudge against him?

Li Mu gritted his teeth and asked him, "What are the characteristics of that group of people?

Especially the guy who said he hit the wrong person. "

Zhao Kang narrowed his eyes and thought for a moment. He said, "That group of people is not small. The cars surrounding me included a BMW, a Volvo, and a Ferrari. I saw that Ferrari when I drove out of the city, but I'm not sure if it's the same one. The guy who said he hit the wrong person is driving a Ferrari. He looks like a human, but I can't tell what the specific characteristics are."

Li Mu's brain was working fast. He did not offend anyone who drove a Ferrari, did he?

What's more, Ferraris were definitely very rare in China now. It was estimated that there would not be more than two digits of Ferraris in Yanjing. It would be amazing if there were ten or twenty of them. There should not be many people who could afford and drive such a flashy sports car. Moreover, those were all friends introduced by Chen Ze. Even if they did not have any real friendship, they would not do anything to him.

After thinking about it, Li Mu thought of Xu Jiahua. He had some conflicts with him. Previously, he wanted to invest in Makino Technology, but he did not pay attention to him. He must be quite unhappy with him.

However, after thinking about it carefully, the possibility of it being Xu Jiahua was not high. He would not take the unnecessary step of asking Zhao Kang who the owner of the GL8 was.

Li Mu wanted to find someone to ask, so he started with the Ferrari. He asked Zhao Kang, "What model is that Ferrari?"

Zhao Kang shook his head. "I can't recognize it, but it's very, very new. It's almost brand new. I think it was just bought."

"What color is it?"

"Red."

Li Mu wondered who among the people he knew should be more familiar with Yanjing's sports cars. Chen Ze?

He liked karting and F1. Hui Ka Ming?

This guy did not like supercars. He liked all kinds of off-road vehicles.

Suddenly, Li Mu thought of Lin Lin. She was driving a newly bought Porsche 911 when they collided. She should know more about sports cars.

Therefore, Li Mu immediately called Lin Lin.

Last time, Lin Lin made a request to Li Mu and took away a large batch of Happy Farm fertilizer from Li Mu. She kept her word and had already written off everything with Li Mu in her heart. Therefore, when she received a call from Li Mu, she did not have any negative emotions. She only asked him, "Why did you think of calling me?"

Li Mu said, "There's something I want to ask you."

Lin Lin said, "I knew you would not call me for no reason. Tell me, what do you want to know?"

Li Mu said, "I want to ask you, how many people drive red Ferraris in Yanjing?"

Lin Lin said casually, "Not many. There are only a dozen or so Ferraris. Although most of them are red, there are only a few. Why?"

Li Mu asked again, "Then do you know who has just bought a new car recently?"

Lin Lin said, "Yes, Cai Zhengmao and Geng Yang just bought two identical Ferrari F360-Modena. They are both red. They should have bought them less than half a month ago."

Li Mu asked, "What's the background of these two people?"

Lin Lin said, "Cai Zhengmao's family is in the import and export business. They are quite powerful in Yanjing. All the luxury cars in Yanjing that are not available in the country are basically brought in through him. As for Geng Yang, he is a kid who just entered the circle. His family is a nouveau riche. His dad opened a winery in the south of Ji Province. The wine that they produce is called Ji Shen Lao Bai Gan. It has been very popular these two years, selling hundreds of millions a year."

Li Mu still nodded, but he suddenly caught a keyword in Lin Lin's words — wine.

Thinking back to when he went to the TV station to pick up Chen Wan, he met a kid who drove a Benz that kept pestering Chen Wan. It was said that his family owned a winery. At that time, he had a little conflict with him, but after that, he didn't take it seriously. He didn't expect this kid to remember it. Although he didn't know him, when he went to pick up Chen Wan that day, he drove that GL8, so he must have remembered the license plate number. That was why Zhao Kang was beaten up today.

Li Mu was unable to restrain his anger. This Geng Yang was actually so sinister, he definitely could not let this matter rest!

Then, Li Mu said to Lin Lin, "Thanks, I'll treat you to a meal another day."

Lin Lin wanted to say that there was no need, but before she could say anything, Li Mu had already hung up.