Chapter 1807

When Spielberg, Leonardo, Du Wei, and some of the main cast held their first roadshow in Hollywood, Li Mu had already decided to release Set to the world.

firethe

rain

".

While Hollywood celebrities and media reporters were watching the test screening in the cinema, Li Mu had already begun to introduce the film to SET.

firethe

rain

The first push was made through Weibo and Twitter.

The first push was a remix of classic scenes from Flying Tigers with this song as the background.

War, sacrifice, love, and youth — these four elements were integrated into one. Set off by this song, it was extremely shocking.

Not only was the image too classic, but the song was also really majestic and fitting to the theme. It could be said that it lingered for three days and was exceptionally pleasant to listen to.

As soon as the video was posted on Weibo and Twitter, it immediately attracted the attention of netizens all over the world. Everyone's hearts were ignited by the video, and at the same time, a question sprouted in their hearts. Who sang this song?

The way Du Wei sings in this song is very similar to the way she sings in 21.

Guns is very different.

21

Guns is mainly lyrical and poignant, while this song "Set!"

firethe

rain

On the other hand, it was a surging, surging, and magnificent feeling.

Although the voice was slightly similar, no one believed that this song could be sung by a delicate and exquisite girl like Du Wei, because the energy density was too strong. It was completely different from the visual perception of Du Wei.

Li Mu did not announce the specific information of the song. He liked to grasp the psychology of the users bit by bit. He would let them listen, guess, and pay attention to the song before telling them who sang it.

At this moment in Hollywood.

The film shocked the Hollywood celebrities and reporters present. They knew that they had witnessed the birth of another World War II classic, and its theme was completely historical. It was the first time that the battlefield of Hua Xia during World War II was presented on the big screen in such a grand form.

During the screening process, many audiences were moved to tears. Whether it was the cruelty of the war, the suffering of the people of Hua Xia, the resistance of the people of Hua Xia, or the support of the American Flying Tigers for the just war, they were all emotional and touching.

Many Americans didn't even know that Hua Xia, whom they were distorting and criticizing in the media every day, was once a close comrade of theirs.

These two most important countries in the world actually fought side by side for justice more than fifty years ago!

What moved them even more were the two short love stories that tugged at everyone's nerves.

A love story failed to blossom and bear fruit because of the cruelty of war.

As for the other love story, even in the cruel war, it still bloomed the most beautiful flower and bore the most beautiful fruit.

When these two romances were compared, the audience would immediately feel sorry for the love between Anne Hathaway and Liu Ye in the movie.

Especially at the end of the movie, Anne Hathaway, who had never married in her life, still carried a photo of Liu Ye when he was young. This fruitless love made people feel even more heartbroken.

As a result, the movie rose to a higher level in everyone's hearts.

Many war movies didn't have love stories, mainly because the screenwriter didn't dare to write it, and the director didn't dare to shoot it.

Because war movies didn't have love stories, they could get 90 points. But if love stories were added, there was a high chance that they would directly lose 20 points, and there was a very small chance that they could add 10 points to the movie.

Therefore, people would rather not play with love stories than take risks.

There were actually many cases where risk stories failed.

For example, Michael Bay's "Pearl Harbor." The love triangle in the movie was criticized to the extreme by American and international film critics. This kind of vulgar love story would only be superfluous in such a movie, instantly making the movie look like it was made of rouge.

A movie with an investment of nearly 150 million US dollars only won the Best Sound Editing Award at the Oscars. It could be said that it was ironic.

Later on, there were many anti-Japanese war dramas in China. The love stories in them were hundreds of times more terrible than "Pearl Harbor." For example, the plot of hiding a bomb in the crotch made people speechless.

On the other hand, Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" basically had nothing to do with love. It was a movie purely supported by men. It received 11 nominations at the Oscars and won five awards, including Best Director.

Originally, "Saving Private Ryan" would have won the Best Picture Award at the Oscars. But Hollywood's Jewish mogul, Harvey Weinstein, in order to support Gwyneth Paltrow, directly directed the mediocre "Shakespeare's Love Story" to beat "Saving Private Ryan" and won the Best Picture Award that year. Gwyneth Paltrow even won the Best Actress Award with this movie. It could be said that it was the most disgusting injustice in the history of the Oscars.

Therefore, it could also be seen that in a real war movie, it was as difficult as reaching the sky to play the love story well without affecting all the core elements and the seriousness of the real history.

But Spielberg did it in "Flying Tigers".

There were no intimate scenes in the whole film, not even any sex-related scenes or metaphors. The description of love that stopped at the climax touched the softness of the audience's heart the most.

The test screening of the movie was an unprecedented success.

After the test screening, all the audience at the scene stood up and applauded for a long time.

Then, Spielberg, along with the two leading actors and many of the main cast members, appeared on the stage.

He introduced everyone to the media, introduced the real historical story behind the film, and introduced many behind-the-scenes details of the film.

He mentioned the name of Li Mu many times. He even said that without Li Mu, there would be no movie.

However, although the film had won the unanimous approval of the people present, Du Wei, as one of the leading actors, did not receive much attention.

She was not a Westerner, not an American, and not a Hollywood actress, so most of the reporters were not interested in her.

Moreover, strictly speaking, although Du Wei was one of the two leading actresses of Flying Tigers, this movie itself was a movie dominated by men. Even the leading actresses were actually supporting roles and didn't have many scenes.

Moreover, Du Wei appeared late. She came to Hua Xia first, and then left Hua Xia to recruit Flying Tigers pilots in the United States. Then, she recruited Leonardo to Hua Xia to train and fight. She did not appear until Leonardo was shot down by the Japanese. Therefore, her role in the whole film was even smaller.

The only thing that interested the Western reporters was Du Wei's "21".

The most common question that the American reporters asked Du Wei was "21".

Who wrote the song "21"?

In the pop music circle, "21" was not a real masterpiece.

Although "Guns" wasn't a true masterpiece, it was still a rare and excellent song, and it was also a recent global hit.

In the eyes of the Westerners, Du Wei was very likely to be an epiphyllum singer that often appeared in the European and American music industry. Many singers accidentally got a good song, and then jumped into the audience's attention. However, because there were no other good songs later on, they soon disappeared.

Moreover, there was almost no room for Hua Xia singers in the European and American music industry, and even for Asian singers, there was almost no room for them to develop. Therefore, they also concluded that after Du Wei's popularity in "21", it would be difficult for her to produce another good work.

After the popularity of "Flying Tigers", it would be difficult for her to produce another good work.

Therefore, they were more concerned about "21".

The actual author of the song "Guns" might be the work of a famous composer in Europe and America.

When faced with such a question, Du Wei's answer was, "The author of this song is a friend that I admire and respect very much. He is not ready to reveal his identity for the time being, so it is not convenient for me to reveal his personal information."

The only valuable thing was that the "he" that Du Wei used was "he" in English, which meant that her friend was a man.

As for who it was, no one could guess.

No one would think that it was Li Mu. After all, Li Mu was already so successful in the business world. No one believed that he could write such an excellent song.

After the test screening, the whole of Los Angeles, and even the United States, were filled with reviews of the movie, and almost all of them were praises.

Even the harshest film critic could not find any fault with the movie.

Because it was really too real, and the filming was very good.

Just like "Schindler's List", this movie was based on real materials, and it did not distort history in any way. It did not weaken the crimes of the communists, nor did it deliberately strengthen the crimes of the communists. It just used superb standards to carefully package and sculpt the real history of that year, and then carefully presented it to the audience.

Who would criticize such a great movie?

The only possibility was that it was a fan of the communists.

Otherwise, any normal person with a normal aesthetic sense would not criticize and criticize the movie.

When the praises and praises of the movie spread all over the United States, there was also a song that became very popular on the American Internet. This song was "Set" sung by Du Wei.

firethe

rain

".

This song was very attractive to the audience. In addition, only the video was released, and there was no pure audio, so the audience had to watch the mixed version to listen to the song, so they could feel the double impact of the visual and auditory effects.

Not only was it a strong promotion for the music, but it was also a strong promotion for the movie.

Many musicians who did not often go online were dragged to the computer by their friends to listen to this song.

When they heard Du Wei singing "Set"

firethe

rain

At that time, they were all shocked by this!

This song was well written, well arranged, and well sung!

There was almost nothing wrong with it.

It could definitely enter the ranks of the top pop songs.

So, this "Set"

firethe

rain

", as soon as it was released, it conquered the non-professional and professional camps, from ordinary listeners to professional musicians.

Even Michael Jackson was full of praise for this song.

He shared the music video on his Weibo and Twitter, along with the caption: "To be honest, this is the best pop song I've heard in the past two years. Unfortunately, I don't know who sang this song or who wrote it. It sounds like it has something to do with the song '21'."

It sounds like the singer of "21" is the same person, but the style is a little too different. I'm not sure. I wonder if the official account of the movie "Flying Tigers" can announce the singer's information? "

As the top pop god Michael Jackson reposted, "Set"

firethe

rain

"became a hit in the Western world!