Chapter 651

Song Zheng didn't hear the content of Chen Ze's phone call. After he ordered someone to drive Chen Ze and Song Liang out, he hurried to the interrogation room where Li Mu was being held.

At this moment, Lu Changyong was already standing inside, holding an iron hammer and a book of Cihai in his hands. He stared at Li Mu and threatened him in a cold voice, "Boy, today will be the last day you regret since you were born."

Li Mu had already thrown caution to the wind. He said lightly, "One of us will regret it, but it's definitely not me."

Lu Changyong gritted his teeth and said, "Then I'll let you feel what it means to live a life worse than death."

After that, Song Zheng pushed the door open and came in. Lu Changyong threw a thick dictionary to him, pointed the hammer in his hand at Li Mu, and said two words through his teeth, "Ribs!"

Song Zheng nodded. He understood what Lu Changyong meant. Lu Changyong wanted him to stick this thick dictionary on Li Mu's ribs, and then he would use the hammer to smash the dictionary. This method could bring great pain to Li Mu, but it wouldn't leave any marks.

Lu Changyong hadn't done something like this for several years. After all, he was already the head of the branch office. He didn't have to do this kind of method when he was a criminal police officer. But today, he really hated Li Mu. He felt that he had to do something to Li Mu to vent his hatred.

Song Zheng performed the qualities of a lackey very well. He grinned and came in front of Li Mu, then placed the dictionary on his ribs.

Lu Changyong came over with the hammer and sneered at Li Mu, "This time, even the King of Heaven can't help you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the phone rang.

Lu Changyong looked down and was stunned.

What the f * ck was going on today. Why were all the big shots looking for him?

His immediate superior, the third most important person in the Municipal Public Security Bureau, was looking for him; Huang Jinxiao and the land developer were looking for him; now, even the head of the Municipal Public Security Bureau was calling.

Lu Changyong instinctively thought that the chief must have called because Huang Jinxiao had complained to him. He thought that the chief would probably scold him badly. However, as soon as he picked up the phone, the chief asked him, "Lu Changyong, did your branch arrest a young man named Li Mu?"

"Li Mu?"

Lu Changyong looked at Li Mu in front of him and asked tentatively, "Director Gu, are you talking about the person who hit Boss Huang?"

"En." The chief immediately said in a commanding tone, "You release him, immediately!"

Lu Changyong was stunned. "Huh?

Release him?

He hit Mr. Huang and his lawyer. From the looks of it, Mr. Huang's injuries are quite serious … "

The other party was furious, "Don't talk nonsense with me. If I ask you to release him, you must release him immediately. I will personally investigate the rest of the matter. Also, Lu Changyong, I am warning you. You better not play any tricks in this matter. If I find out that your Western District Branch colluded with others to do something illegal, don't blame me for being rude!"

The iron hammer in Lu Changyong's hand instantly fell to the ground with a clang. He was about to go crazy. There was a lot of information in the First Chief's words. First of all, he meant that he did not care about the established fact that Li Mu had beaten Lu Changyong and directly asked him to let Lu Changyong go first. This proved that the First Chief was also very afraid of this kid in front of him. This kid's background must be unimaginably powerful. Secondly, the latter warning was very clear. It seemed that he should have some clues about Huang Jinxiao finding someone to take the blame for his son …

Lu Changyong's mind was in a mess. He didn't expect the chief to be on Li Mu's side. He had really kicked an iron plate this time!

He forced himself to calm down and think carefully. No matter how powerful Huang Jinxiao was, or how much his boss took care of him, he had to pick a side now. He was a police officer, and his biggest boss was the chief of the municipal bureau. No matter how much the third in command had helped him, if he wanted to protect himself, he had to follow the chief's orders unconditionally. Otherwise, if the chief really wanted to pursue the matter, he could easily become a scapegoat for his boss. Therefore, the only thing he could do was to release Li Mu as soon as possible and make his stand clear.

As a result, Lu Changyong's expression suddenly changed 180 degrees. From a fierce and ferocious wolf to an uneasy lamb. As soon as the phone was cut off, he hurriedly wiped the sweat off his forehead and said to Song Zheng, "Song Zheng, hurry up, unlock the handcuffs for Mr. Li!"

After that, he immediately said to Li Mu respectfully, "Mr. Li, I'm really sorry. Today's matter is all a misunderstanding. You can go now …"

Song Zheng was completely dumbfounded with the Cihai in his hand. Even if he had rich experience in society, he had never seen such a scene. What the hell?

Weren't you going to hit him?

You said it so confidently. Why did you suddenly change the tone and want to release him?

While Song Zheng was puzzled, Lu Changyong scolded, "What are you waiting for?

Hurry up! "

Song Zheng hurriedly nodded and hurriedly took out the handcuffs to unlock Li Mu's handcuffs.

Lu Changyong strode to Li Mu and wanted to help Li Mu, who had been squatting for a long time, up. Li Mu pushed his hand away and said, "Don't touch me."

He knew in his heart that Chen Ze should have already helped him. Otherwise, Lu Changyong wouldn't have changed his attitude so quickly. So he simply sat on the ground next to the radiator, looking like he would not leave.

Lu Changyong hurriedly said, "Mr. Li, you can leave now."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "I can't leave. The promised 48 hours has just begun."

As soon as Lu Changyong heard this, he knew that Li Mu was going to fight with him. Li Mu was someone who even dared to hit Huang Jinxiao. If he really fought with Lu Changyong, how could Lu Changyong win against him? The chief would be here soon.

Therefore, he said to Li Mu with extreme fear, "Mr. Li, what I said just now was just a joke. I was confused and was kicked by a donkey. I'm really sorry. You're a great man. Please don't hold it against me …"

Song Zheng's eyes were full of fear. What was going on? Why did Chief Lu suddenly become a coward?

What was this guy's background?

Could it be that he had a powerful background?

At this time, Li Mu looked up at him and asked faintly, "Is my friend here?"

Song Zheng remembered Chen Ze who was arguing at the door just now and hurriedly interrupted, "There are two people outside who said they want to see you …"

Lu Changyong hurriedly urged, "Hurry up and invite them in!"

A moment later, Chen Ze and Song Liang entered the interrogation room one after another. When they saw Li Mu sitting on the ground next to the radiator, they couldn't help but laugh.

Chen Ze said to Lu Changyong and Song Zheng, "Please leave first. We have something to say."

Lu Changyong hurriedly nodded. At this time, he didn't dare to act rashly. He could only hope that Li Mu's friend could take Li Mu away. Otherwise, if the chief blamed him again, he would be surrounded on all sides. He wouldn't be able to get any benefits from any side.

Just as he was about to leave, Li Mu said, "Remember to let my three bodyguards go."

Lu Changyong immediately said, "I'll let them go now, I'll let them go now …"

After Lu Changyong and Song Zheng left, Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and sighed. He sat cross-legged on the ground in front of him, took out a cigarette, and lit up three cigarettes in one breath. He stuffed one into Li Mu's mouth and handed another to Song Liang, who was standing behind him. Finally, he took a puff and looked at Li Mu helplessly. "If you hold back on this matter and don't do anything on the spot, you'll be in the right of the world."

Li Mu took a puff with the cigarette in his mouth and said with a faint smile, "I understand the reason, but I can't help it. What should I do?"

"F * ck."

Chen Ze said with a smile, "You've already hit him. What else can you do? If you haven't hit him, you'll play the way you haven't hit him. If you have hit him, you'll play the way you hit him. It depends on how you want to play."

Then, Chen Ze said, "By the way, I asked Zheng Mao to inquire about it. Last night, Huang Jinxiao's son, Huang Shuolun, played in a small casino in the drum tower until late at night. Then, he took a few girls to a nearby bar and played until morning. Someone happened to see him driving his father's Bentley last night. So, it seems that he was the one who hit someone at noon."

Li Mu gritted his teeth and said, "No wonder Huang Jinxiao was so active!

If you had seen his hypocritical look today, you would know why I hit him. He even threatened me with my family. He really thinks that I'm an ant that he can step on whenever he wants. If I didn't hit him at that time, I would look down on myself. "

Chen Ze said, "It doesn't matter if you hit him. Most of the reason is still with you. As long as you stand on the absolute side of reason and the opposite side of the law, you can remain undefeated no matter how you play. But this time, I suggest that you don't rush to launch an attack on public opinion. The head of the municipal bureau has a good relationship with my family. If you really use public opinion as a weapon, he will be greatly affected. Maybe his dream of entering the ministry will be delayed for a few years."

Both Chen Ze and the head of the municipal bureau knew very well that Li Mu now had an incredible information dissemination channel on the Internet, and he was best at guiding the direction of netizens on the Internet. Moreover, Li Mu's image in the eyes of the public was very healthy and tall. At the age of 20, he had changed the fate of countless poor students. Just this point alone made him a well-deserved social idol. If he revealed this matter, the public opinion would definitely completely support him. Not to mention that he had beaten Huang Jinxiao, even if he had killed Huang Jinxiao, he would still be a hero in the eyes of the public.

However, once this matter was really exposed, Huang Jinxiao and her son would naturally be in big trouble. But if someone in the municipal bureau helped Huang Jinxiao's son to deceive the public, he would definitely suffer a lot of pressure from public opinion. At that time, as the head of the municipal bureau, his life would definitely not be easy. If the higher-ups found out about this, they would think that his supervision in this position was insufficient and that his ability was limited, and it would be even more difficult for him to be promoted in the future.

Chen Ze also didn't want Li Mu to really make things to that point, so he gave an idea to Li Mu. "But I suggest that you put on a good show for him to see. Give him enough pressure and force him to solve this matter for you at all costs. When he solves the matter perfectly, you can push the boat with the current and do him a favor. He will be grateful to you."

Li Mu nodded and said to Chen Ze, "Help me get my phone back first."

After a while, Lu Changyong personally returned Li Mu's phone to him. After he left, Li Mu called Lin Ching-ah and said, "Qingya, something happened to me. I'm now at the Western District Branch. Call Old Kong and Wang Nan to come with me. Bring my laptop and bring me some food. I haven't eaten for a day and I'm starving."

When Lin Ching-ah heard that something happened to Li Mu, she hurriedly said, "I'll go over now."

After hanging up the phone, Chen Ze said, "Uncle Gu is on his way here. He wants to talk to you in person. Do you think we should go out and find another suitable place?"

Li Mu shook his head, "I'll stay here. I'll go out when Huang Shuolun is arrested."