Chapter 604

Boss Ma had to admit that Li Mu was much better at playing than he thought.

He did not expect that Li Mu would solve the logistics turnover problem so easily, and the solution was beyond his imagination. He thought that the hundreds of thousands of express deliveries would be delayed because of the lack of EMS transportation capacity in Yan Jing. As a result, Li Mu directly solved the problem easily, and solved it so beautifully.

Cai Chongxin also sighed and said, "Li Mu's brain is really active. We always use our way of thinking to imagine him and define him. We think that he can only passively hand over 500,000 parcels to Yan Jing's postal service, and then let nature take its course. I didn't expect him to put in so much effort to take the initiative to relieve the pressure of the express delivery …"

"You're right. It's not that Li Mu is smart, it's just that we took it for granted. With this method, it's not that Li Mu is smart, it's just that we took it for granted. With this method, it wouldn't be a problem for Li Mu to make a million orders a day.

After that, Boss Ma sat on his boss's chair gloomily. He crossed his hands in front of his chest and frowned.

At this moment, Boss Ma felt very frustrated. It wasn't because he felt that Li Mu was very powerful, but because he felt that many of his estimates of Li Mu had turned into bubbles and become a joke.

If it weren't for the huge future of the e-commerce industry and the fact that only one company could occupy the position of the industry giant, Boss Ma wouldn't even want to play with Li Mu like this. At a certain moment, he also thought to himself that they should just do their own thing. He wouldn't make things difficult for Li Mu, and he wouldn't waste his effort to block Li Mu's way. Whoever had the ability could do it. Because he increasingly felt that playing games with people like Li Mu was very boring. He had put in so much effort to make things difficult for Li Mu, and in the end, Li Mu didn't step on any of them. It made him feel very unfulfilled. He even couldn't help but ask himself in his heart, "Why bother?

Why did he have to make things difficult for himself instead of making things difficult for others?

However, as soon as this thought sprouted, Boss Ma immediately came back to his senses and destroyed it without hesitation. The reason was very simple. In this competition with Li Mu, he was the hunter, and he treated Li Mu as his prey. He bought a gun, dug a pit, and set a trap. Even if he didn't kill his prey, he would at least cut a piece of meat from him. How could he give up so easily?

At this moment, Lu Zhaoxi said, "Li Mu's idea is indeed impressive, but in the end, it can only solve Mango-ME's logistics problem. Because everyone knows that Mango-ME was created by him. If it was his own product, how would he solve it if it was another company's product?

If it was a third-party seller's product, how would he deal with it?

Regardless of whether it was a business partner or a small or medium-sized seller, it was unlikely that they would ask Taobao to deliver the goods on their behalf, right?

Then they would have to deliver a large amount of goods to Taobao in advance, and Taobao would definitely not pay in advance. "

Ma Yun waved his hand and said confidently, "Taobao's business partners will definitely accept Taobao's delivery model. Even if Taobao doesn't pay in advance, even if Taobao wants to hold them back for a few months, they will definitely cooperate. The reason is very simple. Nowadays, channels are king in the sales industry. This time, Taobao's Brand Day pre-sales are so good, those business partners will definitely cooperate."

After a pause, Boss Ma said, "So, I think Li Mu must have planned the delivery channel for the Brand Day event. This time, Mango-ME's delivery is just for practice."

Sun Tongyu said, "If that's the case, our plan to encircle Taobao Express in Shenzhen can't be carried out."

"It definitely can't be carried out."

Boss Ma held his chin and said with a serious face, "Li Mu is very likely to transfer the goods from these factories in Shenzhen to other cities in advance to reduce the pressure. Taobao's Brand Day event will mainly sell electronic products. Just take the best-selling Smart Da recorder as an example. A recorder, including the packaging, can't be more than one kilogram, right?

Let's say it's one kilogram for now. A few dozen tons of semi-trailer trucks can be loaded with tens of thousands of units. No matter which city the truck goes to, the logistics cost of each unit will be very low. This cost doesn't even need to be borne by Taobao. They just need to make a call and tell the factories how many units to send to Guangzhou, and how many units to Shanghai and Yanjing. In this way, the factories will definitely cooperate fully. "

Sun Tongyu hesitated for a moment and said, "But Boss Ma, no matter how good Li Mu is at playing this trick, he can't solve the shipping needs of small and medium-sized Taobao sellers. These small and medium-sized sellers can only rely on their own location to carry out the delivery. The development of Taobao's Brand Day will still be limited by the logistics capacity. Now that Taobao's Brand Day promotion is very strong, it has attracted a lot of small and medium-sized sellers to register. I think it won't be long before these small and medium-sized sellers hit the bottleneck of express delivery."

Boss Ma sighed. "This is also our last line of defense. We must go online on our own platform as soon as possible. If we wait any longer, we will lose this line of defense. Taobao's development speed in all aspects has exceeded my expectations. Moreover, Li Mu's way of thinking and the way to solve the problem has also greatly exceeded my expectations. If this continues, things will completely deviate from the track we planned for."

Cai Chongxin couldn't help but remind him, "Don't forget, Taobao has now become the new favorite of the record companies. They have launched the business of selling audio and video products, and their social influence is very great."

Lu Zhaoxi joked, "Lao Cai, Taobao is not the new favorite of the record companies. With the current strength and attitude of Taobao, he is simply the godfather of the record companies. Look at how high he has promoted Mo Wenwei overnight and how many records he has helped her sell!"

Cai Chongxin nodded. "Don't mention Mo Wenwei. Whenever he is mentioned, I want to curse Li Mu. This guy is really good at currying favor with Hong Kong stars."

Boss Ma smiled and said, "Currying favor?

Do you really think that Li Mu is currying favor with them?

Obviously, he is gently flexing his muscles to the entertainment circles of Hong Kong and Taiwan. He has YY, a powerful information delivery platform, and Taobao, a powerful online sales platform. He is just using Mo Wenwei as an example to prove his influence on the entertainment circle. If he doesn't make such an example, how can he make those record companies surrender?

Zhaoxi is right. He is aiming to be the godfather of the entertainment circle, so even if he doesn't support Mo Wenwei, he will support Wang Wenwei and Li Wenwei. He just doesn't know that Mo Wenwei has this opportunity. "

Lu Zhaoxi also agreed and said, "To be honest, I think Li Mu is doing this to send a message to the entertainment circle, especially the pop music circle. This message is also very simple, just three words: Call him godfather!"

…

Five hundred thousand Mango-MEs were shipped, and the Taobao brand got off to a good start with the pre-sale of Taobao. Major record companies signed cooperation agreements with Taobao. The successive big moves made Taobao a hot star product in the Internet field. After integrating all kinds of resources, an inconspicuous e-commerce platform had undergone earth-shaking chemical and physical reactions. It was like forming a nuclear reactor, suddenly releasing a huge amount of energy beyond imagination.

Just when the industry was amazed, more than a dozen video advertisements, which were less than a few minutes long, were released one after another on Tieba and Taobao. Each video advertisement was a clip of the blessings of the stars. From the King to the Queen, from the ancient gods to the new singers, almost all the famous singers in the mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan had recorded a short video of less than ten seconds, and they supported Taobao in the video. Li Mu soon realized his previous plan. He asked all the singers to say the same words in the video: "Buy the original, go to Taobao!"

All the cooperating record companies regarded Taobao as a powerful online sales platform, so from the beginning, they had already put down their pride to cooperate. They fully cooperated with Li Mu's request. Therefore, in the short videos recorded by these singers, there were all kinds of strange scenes. Some were recorded in their own living rooms, some in the airport terminal, and some were recorded in costumes on the set of movies and TV series. But the more it was like this, the more the users felt that this kind of video advertisement was more intimate. They no longer treated this kind of video advertisement as an advertisement. They were completely watching all the celebrities lining up to show their greetings.

This caused a huge sensation on the Internet. Hundreds of singers took turns to support Taobao. Before this, no company had been able to do this. Whether it was a physical company or an internet company, they did not have such a strong influence. Not to mention a company, not even a television station could do this.

In addition to Central Television, most of the provincial TV stations usually asked stars to help record some similar VCR during the New Year and other festivals, but they could only ask those stars who had cooperated with the station. Moreover, the quality of the stars varied. Often, it was good to have one or two real big stars in the congratulatory speech of more than a dozen stars in a row. The others were just there to make up the numbers. It was impossible to be like Taobao. Through the major record companies who were eager to cooperate with Taobao, almost all the singers were caught in one net. This time, Taobao did not even send a reporter out. All the VCR was shot by the artists organized by the record companies themselves. They transferred the numbers themselves, edited it, and then sent it. The high degree of cooperation made the internet companies who kept a close eye on Taobao.

Through these short videos, the brand value, popularity, and influence of Taobao had been greatly improved, especially in the entertainment circle. All the cooperating record companies hoped that Taobao could combine YY and Tieba to promote Mo Wenwei and their artists. At this time, as Boss Ma and Lu Zhaoxi judged, Taobao had become the godfather in the eyes of the record companies. With the help of Mo Wenwei, Li Mu really showed off his muscles to the entertainment circle.