Chapter 986

The Ministry soon accepted Li Mu's basic requirements for "Speedy Rescue".

Then, the general tone of "The Speed to Rescue" was quickly set. In the future, the film would be jointly funded and produced by Muye Impression and Golden Shield Film and Television Culture Center. Muye Impression would be the major shareholder, and the specific shooting, post-production, and release of the entire film would be led by Muye Impression, while Golden Shield Film and Television Culture Center would assist.

In this general tone, the Ministry naturally gave great respect to Li Mu, because Li Mu himself was the person who had experienced the case and the greatest contributor to the case's solving. At the same time, he was also the creator of the screenplay, so the production of the film naturally centered around Li Mu. The Ministry of Public Security only needed to play a supporting role and give Li Mu absolute freedom.

If it were any other film and television company that co-produced a film with the Ministry of Public Security, Golden Shield Film and Television wouldn't have given such great authority. The main reason why they gave so much freedom to Li Mu was that the Ministry of Public Security didn't worry about Li Mu's political orientation at all. For an entrepreneur like Li Mu, who was extremely positive and had a strong sense of social responsibility, it was impossible for him to deliberately smear the image of the people's police in his films and television works.

At the same time, more and more film and television companies and directors who were interested in "Speedy Rescue" contacted Muye Impression, hoping to develop this film together with Muye Impression.

After returning to Yan Jing, Li Mu didn't expect that the script of "Speedy Rescue" would become the object of competition in the circle of directors.

The circle of directors and the circle of antiques were quite similar in many aspects. The most similar was that the circle of directors was small, and the flow of information was fast. Whoever got good things or where there were good things, the speed of information spread was incredible.

In this way, the script of "Speedy Rescue" was directly transmitted from the Ministry of Public Security to the film and television circle. In just a few days, most domestic directors had basically seen the script.

As a person who had been reborn more than ten years later, Li Mu really didn't think that his script of "Speedy Rescue" was outstanding. In the final analysis, it was nothing more than a downright commercial film with no connotation or foundation. However, he didn't expect that in this era, the domestic commercial film was still in its infancy, and many directors were still groping for stones to cross the river. Many commercial elements in "Speedy Rescue" were extremely advanced in this era.

Because of this, "Speedy Rescue" became an extremely excellent and extremely rare commercial film in the eyes of many domestic directors, which naturally aroused the interest of countless people.

Muye Impression received a large number of cooperation offers. Even Ning Hao, who was busy working on the post-production of "Crazy Stone", had heard of the script and seen the full version.

As soon as he heard that the script was in the hands of Muye Impression, Hao immediately, Ning Hao came to ask Li Mu about the specific plan of the film.

Li Mu was very surprised that Ning Hao was interested in the script.

In Li Mu's opinion, Ning Hao wasn't a pure commercial film director, not now, not in his previous life. He was just constantly approaching the commercial side of the road in pursuit of his own realm, but he had never completely turned to the commercial side.

The script of "Speedy Rescue" as a whole was a commercial film. Li Mu basically held the attitude of "I'll write whatever the audience likes to see" and made commercial adjustments to the original real events. Normally, such a film wouldn't be in line with Ning Hao's taste.

However, Ning Hao said, "I don't think this is a pure commercial film. The name is indeed very commercial, but the content has a certain depth."

Then, Ning Hao explained, "Boss, look, if this was a purely commercial movie, the main character would be like a Western movie. He would either be a special forces soldier, a secret agent, or an assassin. The process of him rescuing the female lead would basically be like a game. He would fight all the way to the end, overcome all the obstacles, and finally, save the beauty. Therefore, the entire movie would also be an action movie.

In between, there will definitely be a lot of elements that are unique to commercial action films. For example, the main character will definitely be caught, but the enemy will definitely be careless, giving the main character a chance to counterattack, and so on. "

"But your 'Speedy Rescue' isn't an action movie, but a crime mystery movie. The protagonist doesn't have any physical contact with the criminal during the entire process, and he relies entirely on reasoning to complete the rescue. The script has two opposing perspectives, the protagonist and the criminal. If you can switch the perspectives quickly and cleanly in terms of filming and editing, it will definitely produce a very good viewing experience. In addition, there are two main plots, the rescue and love. There's a tense and exciting case and a touching love story. If you can highlight these two main plots, it will definitely leave a very deep impression on the audience. I believe that it can be a blockbuster of the year with depth and box office earnings!"

Li Mu laughed and said, "I'm almost getting carried away by what you said. It's just a melodramatic script. Do you really have such high hopes for it?"

Ning Hao said seriously, "I really have high hopes for it!"

Li Mu asked him again, "Then, are you interested in directing it?"

Ning Hao laughed and said, "Forget about directing, I know my own capabilities. I'm just thinking that 'Crazy Stone' will be finished soon, and I have nothing to do at that time. If you want to shoot this film, I hope you can find a famous commercial film director to direct it. I will just be the executive director and learn from him, accumulating experience."

Li Mu laughed and said, "If you are interested, you can direct it directly. I trust your ability."

Ning Hao said, "No way, Boss. I don't have any reputation. To make a big commercial film, famous directors and actors are necessary, because they are the key to promoting the box office."

Li Mu said, "When 'Crazy Stone' is released, your reputation will naturally rise."

Ning Hao laughed and said, "Boss, that's even more inappropriate. 'Crazy Stone' is a dark humor, and its characteristics are distinct. If it really becomes popular, I will definitely be marked with this special label. At that time, the best choice is to continue shooting several films with the same style, and cultivate a certain degree of reputation and audience. If I shoot a crime mystery film at this time, I'm afraid the audience will not approve of it."

Li Mu asked him, "So, you only want to be the executive director in 'The Speed Rescue'?"

Ning Hao nodded and said, "It's best to have a famous commercial film director. I can learn more by following him."

Li Mu asked again, "In your mind, which famous commercial directors are suitable for this film?"

Ning Hao laughed and said, "In China, of course it's Zhang Yimou. Other than him, there are no other suitable choices. In Hong Kong, there are more choices. Wu Yusen, Wang Jiawei, and Du Qifeng are all very good choices. They have perfect control of the rhythm of the film, and they have their own way of showing it."

When Li Mu heard him mention Zhang Yimou, he suddenly thought, The most important film in Zhang Yimou's life, "Hero", should be released soon, right?

In his memory, this film was released at the end of 2002, and it was already October now. According to the rhythm of a famous director like Zhang Yimou, he should have already completed the filming and post-production of "Hero." Now he should be planning for publicity and participating in all kinds of awards.

As for what the other Hong Kong directors that Ning Hao mentioned were doing and shooting, Li Mu really didn't know. He only knew that there was a big production in Hong Kong and China this year. The one in China was "Hero," and the one in Hong Kong was "Infernal Affairs."

If Li Mu was asked to think who was suitable to film "The Speed Rescue," Li Mu couldn't think of a good choice. He needed to think carefully before making a decision.

So Li Mu said, "Then, after you finish with 'Crazy Stone,' let's talk about 'The Speed Rescue.'"

Ning Hao hurriedly asked him, "Boss, when do you plan to start filming 'The Speed Rescue'?

I've done some research, and this script actually doesn't have many scenes, characters, and visual presentation requirements are not too high. The overall production cost will be relatively low, and the production time will be relatively fast. If we start filming, I think it can be done in a month. "

The script of "The Speed Rescue" really didn't have too many scenes. The male lead's office, the gangsters' lair, and the scene where the female lead was kidnapped were the most important scenes in terms of time and manpower. Almost all of the scenes could be shot in Yanjing, so the efficiency was naturally higher. For such a movie, a month was actually enough to shoot.

However, Li Mu said to Ning Hao, "There's no rush for 'The Speed Rescue'. We can start production at the end of the year and consider releasing it next year. At the end of this year, Muye Impression will be releasing two major movies in the cinema. One is your 'Crazy Stone,' and the other is' The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years Ago. 'Finish these two movies first and accumulate experience."

In addition to the commercial value of "Speed Rescue", Li Mu valued it more because it could pave the way for the future Skynet Surveillance System. Now that Hikvision had just been included in his sphere of influence, it would not be too late to shoot the movie after Hikvision came in and he officially activated the Skynet Surveillance System.

If Speedy Rescue was released too early, it would attract attention to the city's surveillance system and stimulate the demand of the people and the government in this area. The market would not be able to come up with a truly effective solution in a short period of time. It would not take long for the popularity of the game to slowly decline, and it would be a waste of a great opportunity.