Chapter 1387

When Wei Lan received Li Mu's call, she was supervising the construction at Sanlitun. Taking two hours a day to check on the construction site had become her daily routine.

Wei Lan was quite surprised to receive Li Mu's call. Because she was in charge of the overall positioning and future development of Wanying Real Estate, and the real estate projects usually involved big projects that would take several years to complete, so the overall pace of development was long and stable. Generally speaking, Li Mu would not suddenly call her and ask her to go to him immediately because of business matters.

However, he called her early in the morning and asked her to look for him at Makino Technology. It couldn't be a personal matter. It was most likely for business matters.

Suddenly looking for her for business matters and in such a hurry didn't fit the tone of Wanying Real Estate's current projects. Wanying Real Estate's current projects and projects with other real estate developers were progressing very smoothly, and there were no abnormalities. Therefore, Li Mu shouldn't be looking for her because of Wanying Real Estate's current projects.

Thinking about it, it was most likely that Li Mu had a new real estate project.

Thus, Wei Lan put down what she was doing and drove to Makino Technology. When she saw Li Mu in Li Mu's office, the first thing she said was to ask him with a smile, "Why are you looking for me in such a hurry? Is there a new real estate project?"

Li Mu was stunned for more than ten seconds.

Even when Wei Lan entered the room and sat on the sofa in the reception area, Li Mu still hadn't come back to his senses.

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu with a smile and asked him, "What's wrong?"

Li Mu asked her in confusion, "How did you know that I was looking for you for a new real estate project?"

Wei Lan smiled, and her eyes were full of affection as she said, "Because I know you. You're the man I know the most in this world besides my father."

Li Mu shook his head and sighed. "You're so smart. You'll put a lot of pressure on me."

"Will I?"

Wei Lan blinked and said with a smile, "I thought that the smarter I am, the more worthy I am of you. If you don't like me being too smart, then I'll learn to be a bit more foolish in the future."

Li Mu laughed and walked over to her. He sat down next to her and said, "Please maintain your intelligence. It is the most important thing that makes you different from other women."

"Really?"

Wei Lan smiled and asked, "Do you think I'm different from all the other women in your eyes because I'm smart?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Most of the reason. Do you remember when I just bought your villa in Ziyun Villa and sent you to the airport, I asked you about your opinion on the high-end real estate in Yan Jing? At that time, you almost didn't think about it and just blurted out the answer. In my mind, it is the development direction of high-end real estate in Yan Jing in the next ten or even twenty years."

Back then, when Wei Lan was chatting with Li Mu, she accurately predicted that the real high-end real estate in Beijing would definitely be developed in the north. It was impossible to develop in any other direction. Even if it was forcefully launched, it would be difficult. Li Mu deeply agreed with her. At that time, he was shocked by Wei Lan's intelligence and foresight.

Li Mu deeply agreed. It wasn't because he understood real estate, but because he had lived in Beijing for ten or twenty years. He knew that the real high-end villas in Beijing were mostly in the north of the city. Even if there was a villa area in the south, because it was directly bordered by Ji Province and was sandwiched between the two places, it didn't have any high-end aura at all. Therefore, it had never really developed.

He only knew this after living in this city for ten or twenty years, but Wei Lan had seen through all of this in a casual conversation. This was very shocking to Li Mu. Later, he was willing to help Wei Lan's family get through a difficult time and used Makino Technology to issue a few billion investment fund. It was all for the sake of keeping Wei Lan in Wanying Real Estate. With Wei Lan there, he could confidently and boldly hand over a lot of things in the real estate industry to her.

Hearing Li Mu's praise, Wei Lan's charming face showed a hint of shyness. She gently leaned against Li Mu and said in a low voice, "Before I met you, I worked hard to make myself smarter for my family's business. After I met you, I worked hard to make myself smarter so that I won't be a burden to you."

Li Mu smiled and pinched her cheek. "Let's go, I'll take you to see the new real estate project in my heart."

Wang Yuanlang had already prepared a car under Li Mu's instructions. Li Mu and Wei Lan sat in a commercial car and went straight to Simatai Great Wall. Wei Lan didn't know where Li Mu was taking her, but she was smart enough not to ask. If Li Mu wanted to tell her in advance, he would definitely tell her without her asking. Since he didn't want to tell her now, he must be hoping to get the answer after they arrived at their destination.

The car drove in the northeast direction of Yanjing. The Jingcheng Expressway hadn't been completed yet, so there was no expressway after leaving the Sixth Ring Road. Fortunately, the national highway wasn't that hard to drive on. The speed was eighty kilometers per hour, and there was no traffic.

As the car got further and further away from Yanjing, Wei Lan felt a little puzzled. The more she drove in the northeast direction, the further away she felt from the real estate project. She couldn't understand what kind of good real estate project was waiting for her in the northeastern suburbs of Yanjing, a place that was almost out of the city limits.

Li Mu was in an exceptionally good mood along the way. The weather in Yanjing in May was great, and the scenery was beautiful. Outside, there were blue skies, white clouds, green mountains, and clear waters. Just looking at the scenery outside the window was enough to make one feel carefree and unblinking. When the car reached the foot of Simatai Great Wall, the surrounding scenery was extraordinarily good. The Great Wall and the beacon tower that stood between the mountain ridge and the peak was like a majestic and majestic painting of the Yan Mountain Range with bluestone, filled with a sense of grandeur.

At this moment, there weren't many tourists in Simatai Great Wall. Li Mu got Wang Yuanlang to avoid the entrance of the scenic area and stopped the car by the river at the foot of the mountain. He then said to Wei Lan, "Let's go down and take a look."

Wei Lan's heart was filled with questions, and she knew that it was time to unravel the mystery. She hurriedly followed Li Mu out of the car. Seeing that there was no one around, she hesitated for a moment before holding onto Li Mu's arm.

Standing on the cobblestone beach by the river, Li Mu turned around and pointed at the winding Simatai Great Wall on the mountain. He then pointed at the river in front of him and the scenery by the riverbank. He asked Wei Lan, "What do you think of this place?"

Wei Lan replied, "It's beautiful. I never thought that there would be such a beautiful place around Yanjing, and it's also very quiet."

As she spoke, Wei Lan looked at Li Mu and asked, "You can't be thinking of building a villa here, right?"

Li Mu shook his head and smiled. "Building a villa here will take a lot of effort. There's no water, electricity, or heating. Even if it's built, it won't be convenient to live in."

Speaking of this, Li Mu asked her, "What do you think of developing tourism here?"

"Tourism?"

Wei Lan pondered for a moment before she said, "This is a good choice for weekend entertainment, but how many tourists can a place like this hold?

If there are too many people, it won't be able to hold it, and if there are too few people, there won't be any economic benefits. Moreover, to be honest, if we really want to develop a tourism industry here, the natural environment is still a little weak. I always feel that it's not enough. It's like a three-year-old child. He can help his parents pour tea and occasionally sweep the floor, but if he really wants to go out to work, he's still far from it. "

Li Mu smiled and asked her, "Are you interested in climbing up the mountain to see the scenery?"

Wei Lan smiled. "Sure!

It's rare for you to have this kind of free time for me to accompany you to see the scenery. "

Li Mu held her hand and said with a smile, "Let's go!"

The two of them climbed up the mountain from the foot of the mountain along the path that the locals used to go up and down the mountain. The mountain here wasn't steep, and compared to the Sima Platform and the few peaks behind it, it was relatively flat, so it wasn't too strenuous to climb up. The biggest difference was that there weren't any stone steps here. It was just a small path formed by people walking on it. However, for two young people in their twenties and a few bodyguards from the special forces, this path was too easy to navigate.

Li Mu pulled Wei Lan along the path up the mountain. Wei Lan sighed. "Luckily I went to the construction site today, so I wore sports shoes. Otherwise, if I came here in high heels, I'd have to ask you to carry me up."

Li Mu smiled. "Even if you wore sports shoes, as long as you want me to carry you up, I'll carry you up. Do you want to try?"

Wei Lan smiled shyly and said, "I think it's better not. The road isn't easy. What if I fall?"

Li Mu said, "If we climb up from the Great Wall, it'll be a bit easier."

After climbing for more than half an hour, he looked back at the foot of the mountain. It was no longer just a stretch of beach and valley. Looking down from above, the depth of the entire valley could be seen at a glance. The river was no longer just at the bottom, but a small section of the river in front of him, displaying the shape and momentum of a coiling dragon.

When they reached the top of the mountain, the scenery below suddenly opened up. The valley was wide and flat, and it followed the river all the way into the distance.

Li Mu pointed at the valley below and said to Wei Lan, "Look, in the Yan Mountain range, it's rare to see such a large and flat valley. Moreover, there are mountains on all sides, and water in the middle. Behind us is the Sima Platform Great Wall. The Great Wall is like a long dragon. Although I don't know much about Fengshui, this place with mountains, water, dragons, and elephants should have good Fengshui, right?"

Wei Lan nodded and said with a smile, "It's definitely very good. I didn't feel it when I was looking at it from below, but when I came up here, I felt like I was looking at all the mountains. I realized that this place is really not bad."

Li Mu pointed at the valley and river below and asked Wei Lan, "What if we spend some money to take down the entire valley and then turn it into a man-made ancient city? What do you think?"

"Ah?"

Wei Lan looked at Li Mu, dumbfounded. Only now did she understand that Li Mu had been hiding a little secret along the way. He actually wanted to develop this valley into a man-made ancient city?!