Chapter 1135

Harvey had two reasons for visiting Li Mu. One was to get close to Li Mu by giving up on the Hero, and the other was to take the opportunity to buy back the Mu Ying ticketing system from Li Mu!

After all, what Harvey was interested in was the Mu Ying ticketing system. Just by watching the introduction and demonstration, he was already fascinated by the magical ticketing system.

However, what Harvey didn't expect was that the push from YY not only made him feel like he was possessed, but it also set off a huge storm in the entire United States!

Ordinary users in the United States were amazed by the birth of yet another revolutionary product from Li Mu. They had seen the introduction, pictures, and demonstration videos, and yearned for the feeling of the Internet being completely integrated into their lives. When they thought about the life of being able to buy movie tickets at home, and then automatically enter the theater, they felt like they were lagging behind Hua Xia by a century.

The Internet industry was full of praise for Li Mu's product thinking. No one expected that Li Mu, who had already shocked the entire United States in Harvard, would immediately come up with an unprecedented new product. This product model made all the people on the Internet exclaim, wondering why Li Mu could come up with such a genius solution, and why no one else could think of it as perfectly as he did.

And the most shocked was the film and television industry!

All of Hollywood and all of North America's film and television companies, as well as theater owners, were completely shocked by this revolutionary product. At the same time, they all admired this system!

Li Mu used this system to increase Hua Xia's domestic box office by more than three times over the same period. A large number of users who would never go to the theater to watch movies walked into the theater through this system. From this, it could be seen that if this system was used in North America, which had a higher level of economic development and per capita consumption, it would have the same or even stronger effect!

Just like a farmer suddenly discovering a super seed that could multiply the yield of one acre, the entire American film and television industry was drooling over the Mu Ying ticketing system. Almost every company decided to immediately send people to negotiate with Li Mu to discuss how to buy this system from Li Mu.

The most excited person in Hollywood was none other than Spielberg.

He remembered that Li Mu had once mentioned this system to him. At that time, he was indeed amazed by this plan, but because he didn't see any product-related information, he slowly forgot about it. But today, he found out that Li Mu really made this system, and from the information and videos, this system was simply perfect!

Most importantly, Spielberg immediately thought of Li Mu's original proposal. At that time, Li Mu had said that he hoped to cooperate with Spielberg to bring this system to the United States. Both parties would jointly invest in a company, with Li Mu taking the majority and Spielberg taking the minority. This was an opportunity to make a lot of money!

Therefore, Spielberg immediately decided to set off for Hua Xia without any delay!

As a business-minded person, he asked his assistant to show him the plane ticket while he called Anne Hathaway.

For some reason, Spielberg subconsciously felt that if he brought Anne Hathaway along, it should be very useful, and he didn't have to worry about Anne Hathaway rejecting him. Not to mention that she had an affair with Li Mu, Li Mu's influence and attractiveness, Anne Hathaway would never reject him. Moreover, if she was willing to go to Hua Xia with him to see Li Mu, he would also owe her a favor, and he would definitely find an opportunity to return it to her in the future.

Anne Hathaway, who was also in Hollywood, was currently in front of the computer in her apartment, looking at the news related to Li Mu. She sighed in her heart at the super strength of this young man in Hua Xia, and at the same time, lamented that such a perfect man had almost no contact with her.

Although Anne Hathaway had added Li Mu's YY, Li Mu really hadn't logged into QQ recently. Even if he did, he would only log in to see if there was something, or to say something, and then quickly go to do other things. In addition, there was a 12-hour time difference from the United States, and he didn't have time to catch up with Anne Hathaway, so they hadn't talked much.

Seeing that Li Mu could shock the entire Hollywood and even the entire United States on the other side of the world, Anne Hathaway had an indescribable admiration for Li Mu in her heart, and she was even more eager to have the opportunity to see him again.

At that moment, Spielberg called.

Spielberg was an A-list director in Hollywood. When Anne Hathaway received his call, she was particularly nervous.

Spielberg told Anne Hathaway his intention in a very friendly voice, hoping to invite her to go to Hua Xia with him to see Li Mu.

Spielberg didn't hide his motive. He directly told Anne Hathaway, "Anne, I hope you can help me this time. Accompany me to Hua Xia to see Li Mu. In the future, I will definitely give you a leading actress role."

Giving her a leading actress role meant promising her that she would be the leading actress in a movie in the future. This promise was repeated by countless people in Hollywood every day, and it had long been said by others. However, Spielberg was different from others. With his status and character, his words carried great weight.

Anne Hathaway was wondering if she would have the opportunity to see Li Mu again. She didn't expect that director Spielberg would invite her to see him in Hua Xia. This was something she had been longing for, so she naturally had no reason to refuse. Moreover, Spielberg had promised her a chance to be the leading actress. This was simply too great!

Therefore, Anne Hathaway said almost without any hesitation, "Director Spielberg, I have no problem with it. I will listen to everything you say!"

…

The global synchronized push of YY took place at ten o 'clock in the evening, Beijing time. At this time, the domestic internet was still at its peak of the day. When the conclusive evidence was revealed, netizens were immediately filled with righteous indignation. Their original anger became even more intense. Most importantly, this time, they finally had a clear target for their crusade!

The entire production team of "Hero" became the target of the netizens' attacks. Even the main production team, including Director Zhang, were rained down with abuse.

Director Zhang, who was originally asleep, was woken up by a friend's phone call. After hearing the whole story, he immediately got out of bed and turned on his computer. He checked the internet, and sure enough, the netizens were cursing him one after another.

Now, everyone related to "Hero" had become the target of the netizens' condemnation. As the director of this movie, Director Zhang was the first to bear the brunt of the attack.

Unlike other businessmen, Director Zhang was more or less an artist. He was especially concerned about his reputation. When he saw how badly he was cursed by the netizens, he was furious with his business partners. If it weren't for them going against Li Mu, and even inciting their peers to go against Li Mu, he wouldn't have been cursed so badly!

Just as he was about to make a call to question them, Director Zhang suddenly found a post related to him. The title of the post was: Now, Zhang XX is going to be famous all over the world!

But it's going to be a bad name!

When he clicked on it, Director Zhang's vision went black. Only then did he realize that YY's push was global. Now, netizens all over the world were discussing this matter, especially American netizens in the morning. They were posting all sorts of comments online, but without exception, all of them supported Li Mu and supported the Mu Ying ticketing system. At the same time, there were also many people cursing "Hero" and its production team. This made Director Zhang panic. Wasn't he going to embarrass himself in front of the world?

Furious, Director Zhang immediately called his business partner. Unexpectedly, his business partner comforted him in a relaxed voice, "Old Zhang, don't be so angry. It might not be a bad thing for them to make such a fuss overseas. At least Li Mu didn't hide the name of our movie in the article. The word 'Hero' and this movie have left a deep impression on the world. This level of publicity is something we can't even dream of achieving. With Li Mu's actions, it will definitely have a huge impact on our future overseas box office!"

Director Zhang said angrily, "There's nothing else on your mind other than the box office. I'm being scolded so badly by netizens right now. What do you expect me to do in the future?"

The other party laughed and said, "Old Zhang, you're not a young newbie anymore. How can something like this bother you?

It's not like you don't know that if you want to make a good movie, there are only two paths. Either you get a lot of praise or you get a lot of criticism. The worst thing to do is to be mediocre and ambiguous!

Now that Li Mu has made our movie so popular for free, we can raise our price to Harvey! "

At this point, the other party's voice became obviously excited. "Harvey's representative seems to be arriving in Beijing tomorrow, right?

When the time comes, I'll ask them to double the original price. Otherwise, we'll consider working with other companies. If Harvey doesn't accept it, there will definitely be people in Hollywood fighting for our rights! "

Director Zhang frowned and asked, "Will this work?"

"Of course it will!"

The other party laughed and advised, "Old Zhang, it's okay to be scolded a little now. You can be scolded for half a year for a lousy movie. What's there to worry about?

Now, not only are you being scolded, but I'm also being scolded. The bosses of dozens of film companies are also being scolded. But I don't feel any psychological pressure at all. Let them scold us. The more they scold us, the more famous' Hero 'will be! "

Hearing this, Director Zhang's attitude softened a little. In the film and television industry, especially for a profession like a director, being scolded was indeed a compulsory course. And from another perspective, being scolded wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Because Li Mu's actions had undoubtedly helped his' Hero 'to reach hundreds of millions of users. If he wanted the audience to spend money to watch his movie, he had to first let the audience know of his movie's existence. Obviously, in this matter, Li Mu had helped himself and' Hero 'a lot!

Thinking of this, Director Zhang's mood suddenly brightened up.

This time, Director Zhang dreamt that 'Hero' had made a crazy 50 million box office in North America. All the audience at the entrance of the cinema gave a thumbs up and said, "This movie is amazing!

Director Zhang is so amazing! "

Just when Director Zhang, the producer, and the investor of 'Hero' were still in dreamland, the representative sent by Harvey landed at the Yan Jing Airport in the early morning. When the plane landed, the first message he received was from Harvey: Find a way to contact Makino Image after landing.