Chapter 171

Pressing the answer button, Sun Tan said on the other end of the phone, "Li Mu, this is Sun Tan."

Li Mu said in a neutral tone, "Oh, Senior Sun, what's the matter?"

Sun Tan heard that Li Mu's tone wasn't quite right and guessed that the other was intentionally keeping a distance from him. He no longer hoped that Li Mu would continue with the agreement he had with him, so he deliberately lowered his stance and said, "Li Mu, I'm in a bit of trouble right now. If you can help me out, I'll definitely repay you in the future."

Li Mu sneered in his heart, but he asked, "Senior Sun, how do you want me to help you?"

Sun Tan hurriedly said, "I want to invest in 3321!"

After saying that, Sun Tan was afraid that Li Mu would misunderstand, so he hurriedly said, "Don't worry, I'll invest in cash. Name a valuation, and I'll invest 30% based on your valuation!"

Sun Tan had no other choice now. His uncle had vaguely revealed that the Student Aid Gang used the guise of student aid to cheat and use students as a tool to make money. After it was exposed by the media, the reputation of the National People's Congress was greatly affected. Because Sun Yong had previously deliberately supported the Student Aid Gang and mobilized the school's resources to help it grow, Sun Yong was now in a very passive position.

The reputation of the National People's Congress was affected, and the entire school's Party Committee was furious. Although he was the Vice President, in terms of seniority, there were still the Secretary of the Party Committee, the Executive Vice Secretary, the Vice Secretary, the Principal, and the Executive Vice President above him. Now that these big shots had asked the school to thoroughly investigate the Student Aid Gang, Sun Yong could only mediate and fight for it. The best result he could predict was to keep Sun Tan's status as a student with a major demerit.

If Sun Tan was expelled from the National People's Congress, then the political path his family had planned for him would basically be declared bankrupt in advance. Taking a step back, even if he was given a major demerit, it would still have a huge impact on him.

Sun Tan had never had a stain on his life since he was young. If he were to receive a major demerit in the last year of his senior year, then when he tried to enter the ministry in the future, he would have a hard time passing the background check. This was a very disgusting thing. It didn't matter if he was outside the system, but if he was in the system, he would be remembered for the rest of his life.

While the whole family was thinking of various solutions for Sun Tan's problem, Sun Tan found a solution himself, and that was Li Mu's Project 3321. He felt that if he could invest in 3321, with the help of this project, he would definitely be able to get the school to let him off the hook.

Although the school did not know the exact situation of 3321, Sun Tan had been paying attention to it. This afternoon, he had been watching 3321 for two to three hours. He had discovered the shocking transaction ratio and the shocking bidding price of 3321. He immediately realized that the behemoth 3321 had already accelerated and lifted its front wheels. It would soar into the sky at any moment. This was his last chance.

Sun Tan also told his parents about 3321. Unexpectedly, his father's eyes lit up after he heard it. After he personally watched 3321, he said to Sun Tan, "No matter what, you have to invest in 3321. Even if it's worth tens of millions, it's worth it!"

Sun Tan's father was keenly aware that if Sun Tan could connect with 3321, there would be a big reversal of the situation. Once 3321 became popular, investing in 3321 would not only help him solve the current crisis, but it would also become Sun Tan's political capital in the future.

Therefore, Sun Tan called Li Mu.

Li Mu understood Sun Tan's request too well at this moment. For him, now was the time when he was at his wit's end. He needed a powerful protective talisman. Right now, the most suitable protective talisman he could find was 3321.

But Li Mu would definitely not let him invest in 3321, no matter how much it cost.

To Li Mu, some things were faith. Even if the faith itself was worth a lot of money, it didn't matter. He had other ways to earn money, so he had to ensure the purity of his faith.

Therefore, Li Mu replied to Sun Tan on the phone, "I'm sorry, Senior Sun, I can't help you with this."

Sun Tan blurted out, "How about five million?

As long as you nod, one million and five hundred thousand will be sent to you immediately! "

Li Mu wasn't moved at all. He didn't even hesitate for a moment, "That's impossible. I'm sorry, Senior Sun. I can't let 3321 be affected in any way. The impact of the student aid incident on the school and society is too bad. There can't be any connection between the two."

Although Li Mu's words were a little tactful, Sun Tan understood. In the most straightforward words, Li Mu didn't want him to dirty 3321.

Once the student aid incident was exposed, it was indeed too dirty. Society's general perception of top students was that they were favored by the heavens. They thought that the school was a holy ivory tower for top students. But unexpectedly, in a university, there were also those dirty and despicable things in society. The first impression it gave people was that it was dirty!

It was like a fairy-like beauty who looked as pure as ice and as clean as jade suddenly being exposed as a prostitute in a nightclub. There was nothing else, it was just dirty. One dirty word could wipe out all the halos she had worked hard to build up.

Sun Tan was furious to be despised by Li Mu, but he gritted his teeth and said, "Li Mu, let's not talk about anything else. Eight million!"

Even in this situation, Sun Tan was still underestimating Li Mu's value. He felt that for a university student like Li Mu, five million was enough to make him laugh even in his dreams. He didn't expect that Li Mu wouldn't agree. His dad gave him a guarantee of ten million, but he just had to bargain with Li Mu. There was no other reason, it was just his nature.

Li Mu still refused without hesitation. "Senior Sun, I'll say it one last time. I won't sell 3321 shares."

"F * ck, ten million is enough!"

Sun Tan was anxious and blurted out, "30% shares, you can get three million just by nodding your head. It's enough for you to spend half your life!

It's just 30% shares of a small website, and you can get three million back. You should be satisfied now, right? "

Li Mu's tone was a little cold. "I said I won't sell. Stop wasting your breath."

Sun Tan was furious. "Li Mu, don't refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit!"

Li Mu sneered. "I won't drink a forfeit even if you offer me a toast."

After saying that, Li Mu hung up the phone. At the same time, he sighed in his heart. Some people were just born with some inexplicable pride. Even when they were begging, they were so insincere. In Li Mu's opinion, Sun Tan's current situation was so dangerous. If it was someone else, they would probably kneel and kowtow to him in order to grab onto a life-saving straw. But Li Mu was still pretending even when he was about to die.

Zhao Ziqiu asked Li Mu, "What's wrong?

Who are you arguing with? "

Li Mu said, "An idiot. There's something wrong with his worldview."

Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "What's wrong with his worldview?"

Li Mu curled his lips. "He's f * cking fallen into a sh * t pit and can't climb out. He's still hoping that the person who runs the bathhouse can save him and give him a full pool of clean water to wash himself. Isn't his worldview abnormal enough?"

Zhao Ziqiu snickered and asked Li Mu, "You're the one who runs the bathhouse, right?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's just an example. Don't take it seriously."

…

When Sun Tan's family took root in Beijing, it was still when the Republic had just been established. His grandfather fought against the Japanese to resist the US and aid Korea. After returning from the Korean battlefield, he served as an officer in the earliest Beijing garrison. Although he didn't reach the level of a prominent official, he still laid a stable foundation for the Sun family.

When it came to Sun Tan's father's generation, no one else in the family joined the army. After graduating from university, Sun Tan's father, Sun Lianqing, first worked as a teacher in a middle school in Beijing, then as the principal of several middle schools. At the age of 35, he entered the Beijing City Education Commission and worked there for seven to eight years. Now, he was a member of the City Education Commission.

His mother, Guo Yueqin, was a successful businesswoman. When her husband was the principal, she started working as a teaching assistant. Now, she had her own publishing company. The teaching assistant market was booming and the profit margin was huge. However, it was heavily controlled by the Education Commission, and unrelated people couldn't touch it. However, Guo Yueqin's publishing company was very qualified. Not only did it produce its own teaching materials, but other publishing companies all over the country also borrowed her company to successfully publish. Now, the company's annual income could easily reach tens of millions.

Sun Lianqing was very smart about this. He never accepted bribes or corruption. He only brought his wife into the teaching assistant industry early on. Although many people in the Education Commission were jealous of Guo Yueqin's company making a lot of money in the education system, they couldn't do anything about it. When Guo Yueqin was a teaching assistant, Sun Lianqing hadn't entered the Education Commission yet. If you said that he used his work to provide resources for his family, it wouldn't make sense.

Moreover, Sun Lianqing's relationship with the head of the Education Commission was in the honeymoon stage. He could be said to be the leader's confidant. He was in his forties and was honest. Sun Lianqing's political life was still flourishing.

It was because Sun Lianqing had been in the education industry for so many years that he could see the huge potential in 3321. A valuation of ten million was a bit scary, but he understood that 3321's value was far more than that.

After Sun Tan was mercilessly rejected by Li Mu, he walked out of the room with a face full of resentment. In the living room, Sun Lianqing had just taken a sip of jasmine tea. Seeing Sun Tan walk over, he slowly put down the teacup and said without raising his head, "What, were you rejected?"

"Yes."

Sun Tan scolded angrily, "That guy's heart is too black. He's not moved by a valuation of ten million, and he even thinks I'm dirty!"

Sun Lianqing said expressionlessly, "It's expected. A person who can create a project like 3321 at the age of eighteen or nineteen is far from what you can imagine."

"Then what should we do?"

Sun Tan was anxious, "Dad, uncle said that the school leaders want the investigation and handling results to be out within a week. Next Friday is the deadline."

Sun Lianqing looked at Sun Tan resentfully and said, "If you knew this would happen, why did you do it in the first place?

I told you a long time ago that you had to be a good person for the four years of university. I let you have a place in the student council and let you create a student aid program to participate in the Top Ten University Students. It was all for your future after graduation. What about you?

Instead, you have to rely on that student aid program to earn money. You really have no future! "

Sun Tan said with a face full of grievance, "I want to be self-reliant …"