Chapter 1687

Li Mu hoped to guide Schwarzenegger to become a pro-China governor. In his opinion, this was the best choice for Hua Xia, the United States, California, himself, and even himself.

Schwarzenegger was also aware of Li Mu's intentions, but he was also very clear that Li Mu was equivalent to a plug-in for him. This plug-in was powerful and free of charge. The only requirement was to strengthen the in-depth cooperation between California and Hua Xia.

Li Mu listed the industrial cooperation that he could directly facilitate at this stage:

Hollywood could have in-depth cooperation with his own film and television base projects, Hua Xia's cinema chain, electronic ticketing platform, as well as projects such as YYtunes and Taobao digital copyright sales;

Software companies in Silicon Valley could cooperate with IT companies in Zhongguancun, including Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay;

Hardware companies in Silicon Valley could cooperate with high-tech enterprises, electronic spare parts companies, and OEM companies in Shenzhen;

Once the major sectors of culture, software, and hardware were opened up for cooperation, the win-win benefits behind them were very huge. Although Schwarzenegger did not know much about economics, he could see the general picture.

Li Mu threw him a more attractive basis for cooperation.

At present, Li Mu's Gubeishui Town project and film and television base project had shares of state-owned tourism groups. The two sides were very close. In the future, Li Mu could cooperate with Schwarzenegger and use the resources of these tourism groups to promote cross-tourism between Hua Xia's first-tier cities and Californians.

Most importantly, Li Mu had the publicity platform of Makino Technology. He could completely promote Hua Xia's tourism among American netizens, and at the same time, promote American tourism among Hua Xia's netizens.

Li Mu said to Schwarzenegger, "Arnold, you can think about it. If California's tourism revenue grows by 20% or more next year, how much income and jobs will it bring to California? How big of a political achievement would it be for you as governor?"

Schwarzenegger heard this and suddenly could not sit still.

Increase tourism revenue by at least 20%?

This was a very large number. However, he had some doubts. With Hua Xia's current level of spending, would she be able to support so many people traveling to the United States?

He thought about it and asked Li Mu this question.

However, Li Mu said confidently, "There are many ways to make a tourist attraction, city, or even country popular. This includes, but is not limited to, fabricating concepts, false advertising, excessive beautification, and increasing the cost-performance ratio. If you can grasp one of these methods, you will succeed. If you can grasp several of them, you will achieve great success."

With that, Li Mu asked him, "Have you heard of the Maldives?"

Schwarzenegger nodded. "Of course I've heard of it. I even went there for a vacation last year."

Li Mu smiled and asked him, "Then you should have heard that the Maldives will sink in the next few years, right?"

Schwarzenegger immediately smiled and said, "That's right. I only learned about this place and became interested in it after I read the relevant reports."

Li Mu said, "The propaganda of the Maldives is very good. They use this kind of soft propaganda to spread the news that the Maldives is about to sink, that the beautiful scenery of the Maldives is about to disappear, and that if you don't go now, you may never have the chance to go again. When people see such articles, they will always unconsciously feel a sense of urgency. They always feel that they must find a chance to go at least once so that their life will not be in vain."

At this point, Li Mu paused slightly and said, "But think about it. The world is so big. There are too many places that you will never have the chance to go in your lifetime. What does it matter if you have never been to the Maldives?

Hua Xia has 9.6 million square kilometers of land. At least 90% of the places I may not go in my lifetime, but most people can't think about this problem rationally. They don't feel that they have never set foot in more than half of the cities they live in, but they feel that if they don't go to the island thousands of kilometers away in their lifetime, their life will be in vain. "

Schwarzenegger smiled awkwardly and said, "I did have this kind of mentality at that time. It was like a kind of exquisite and stupid romantic feeling."

Li Mu nodded. "This is the way of the Maldives' propaganda. There are so many islands in the world that can be used for tourism. Logically speaking, any island may disappear if the sea level rises too much. Even Australia may disappear. However, only the Maldives thought of this kind of propaganda method. This is playing with the concept of fabricating to the extreme."

In fact, there was a similar case in Hua Xia, and that was the famous gathering place for young people — Gulangyu.

Around 200X, with the rapid development of the Internet industry in Hua Xia, people began to get used to understanding the outside world through the Internet. Suddenly, one day, an island in Hua Xia flooded into people's vision on Weibo, blogs, and other social media. Countless people said that it would disappear in the next few years, so anxious young people in Hua Xia flocked to this island. It could be said that it was the first tourist attraction in Hua Xia that went viral.

However, since Gulangyu was not popular yet, and Schwarzenegger did not know much about Hua Xia, Li Mu did not mention this matter.

At this time, Schwarzenegger said thoughtfully, "Then do we have to fabricate some similar concepts for California and the first-tier cities in Hua Xia?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Of course, not only do we have to fabricate concepts, we have to try other methods as well."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "We can promote the long history of Yan Jing, its unique imperial culture, imperial architecture, and the Great Wall of Hua Xia in the United States. We can also promote California's Hollywood, Universal Studios, and the Walk of Fame in Hua Xia, or San Francisco's Silicon Valley, Bay Area, Golden Gate Bridge, and Chinatown. Here, we can use fabricating concepts, excessive beautification, and false publicity methods to make the people of both countries yearn for the customs and culture on the other side of the ocean."

Then, Li Mu continued, "In addition, I have a trump card."

Schwarzenegger hurriedly asked him, "What is it?"

Li Mu said, "I can coordinate all kinds of resources to improve the cost-effectiveness of people's tourism between these two places."

As he said that, Li Mu analyzed, "The cost-effectiveness of tourism is nothing more than transportation, accommodation, food, and tourism expenses. I will analyze them one by one with you.

"Let's talk about transportation first. I can discuss special air routes with Hua Xia's airlines. Through publicity, I can increase people's tourism intentions between the two places, directly increase the demand for transportation capacity between the two places, and increase the airline's occupancy rate and profits.

"If the airline is willing to cooperate with me to reduce the price of air tickets between the two places, in exchange, there will definitely be a greater demand for transportation capacity. The greater the demand for transportation capacity, the higher the airline's profits. They can invest in bigger planes and more planes on this golden route, earning them higher profits."

Schwarzenegger said, "Are we confident enough to ensure that the airline is willing to reduce the ticket prices?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "In this world, there is no problem that money can't solve. If there is, then the money is not in place yet."

As he said that, Li Mu said again, "If not, I can go to the airline to discuss the minimum occupancy rate. Their occupancy rate is not always 100%. For example, if their average occupancy rate is 70%, and each flight from Beijing to San Francisco can be sold for 100,000 US dollars, then I will give them 20,000 US dollars for each flight, and then take 20% of their ticket sales. This is equivalent to getting 20% of the seats at a 30% discount of the normal ticket price. They will be able to make a profit no matter what, and I will be responsible for my own profits and losses. If I can make this 20%, then I will increase it to 30%, 40%, and I can even ask them to specially increase the number of flights for me, or even charter a plane.

"As for accommodation, this is easier to solve. I believe that whether it is Beijing, Shanghai, San Francisco, or Los Angeles, the hotel industry can not guarantee more than 80% occupancy most of the year, especially during the off-season, the vacancy rate will be higher.

"If we decide to develop and promote bilateral tourism, I can pay for 20% of the room resources of each hotel in these major cities. These 20% of room resources belong to me all year round, and the hotel has to give me a considerable discount accordingly. Even so, in their eyes, this is still a profit, because their average vacancy rate is much higher than 20%.

"The 20% of room resources I get will all be used to provide bilateral tourism to the people, and they will be able to enjoy the super low discount I get. For example, as long as we do these two things, people living in Shakeout will suddenly find that if they fly from Los Angeles to Shanghai, not only will they get a very low discount on the air ticket, but they will also get a huge discount on the cost of accommodation. They originally only had enough money to go to Canada, but now they will have enough money to go to the other side of the world.

"To put it bluntly, this is a middleman's wholesale and retail business. It's just like buying tomatoes. I buy them in bulk from farmers at wholesale prices, then break them up and sell them to consumers at a higher retail price. However, I'm doing all this online, which saves a lot of operating costs. This way, I can only add a little bit of cost to the wholesale price and then sell them at zero profit."

Schwarzenegger said, "In this case, aren't you working in the middle for nothing?"

Li Mu smiled indifferently and asked him in reply, "Do you think I said so much to earn some money for the air ticket and hotel?

Of course not!

As a patriotic citizen of Hua Xia, of course, I want to contribute to the tourism industry in Hua Xia's first-tier cities. Not only do I want the tourism industry in Hua Xia's first-tier cities to develop faster, but I also hope that they can deeply connect with the international tourism market. And as a friend, I also want to give you a big gift. I want to help you do something that will make the people of California praise you. Making money is too easy for me. If I really wanted to make this small amount of money, I could have just arranged for my subordinates to do it. Why would I need to work in the middle? "

Schwarzenegger knew that what Li Mu said was the truth. For Li Mu, benefiting Hua Xia might be the first priority, and then benefiting himself. But even so, this was enough to make him excited.

At this time, Li Mu said again, "For most people, the biggest expenses of travel are the air ticket and hotel. After these two expenses are significantly reduced, not only will it bring them great attractiveness, but it will also allow them to maintain a higher spending power.

"It's like if I originally planned to spend five thousand dollars on travel. The original air ticket and hotel to Hua Xia might cost three thousand dollars, then the remaining two thousand dollars will be used for eating, drinking, and shopping in the local area. But now that the air ticket and hotel to Hua Xia have been reduced to two thousand dollars or even less, then the budget for eating, drinking, and shopping in the local area will increase to three thousand dollars or more. Where does this money go in the end?"

Schwarzenegger said in surprise, "This money will eventually flow into the city's GDP!"

Li Mu snapped his fingers. "That's right!

This is the root of a city's tourism output. If you are interested, when I return to Hua Xia, I will immediately take action on this matter. "

First, set a small goal, such as one second.