Chapter 435

Li Mu was a person who liked to make ample preparations before doing anything, or even over-prepare. Especially after his rebirth and starting his own business, he adhered to the golden adage of being prepared. Towards Chen Wan's support, Li Mu had the same mentality.

From Li Mu's point of view, Chen Wan's first appearance on "Happy Camp" would be the debut of her career. This debut must be as grand as possible, so that she could truly amaze the world with a single brilliant feat.

The reason why he wanted Simple Plan and Du Wei to support her was very simple. First, Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei were quite popular, especially Du Wei, who had a good voice and image. Her songs' performance on the internet even exceeded Simple Plan's. If the two of them participated in "Happy Camp" together, they would definitely attract a large number of viewers.

Secondly, the lineup of "Happy Camp"'s hosts was relatively large. Including Li Xiang, He Jiong, and Li Weijia, there were already three hosts. When Chen Wan went, there would be four hosts. These four hosts would definitely fight openly and covertly on stage. Moreover, the personal relationship between the celebrity guest and the host was also very important. Generally speaking, the celebrity guest who had a better relationship with the host would naturally have more interaction with the host they were familiar with, and their cooperation would be much better than the other hosts.

Similarly, the host who had more interaction with the guests and had a higher degree of cooperation would also be more outstanding on the show. Chen Wan did not have any celebrity connections, and was a newcomer. If she were to go on stage with a celebrity she was not familiar with, she might lose her cool on stage. That was why he wanted Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei to go together. Zhang Kexuan was Chen Wan's cousin, and Du Wei was also very obedient to him. When the two of them were on stage, they would naturally have more interaction with Chen Wan, and it would also be a great way to promote Chen Wan.

Therefore, Li Mu was ready to play a different game. He wanted to send out the two kings in his hands as soon as he came up, just to make a brilliant debut.

Chen Wan also understood Li Mu's intentions. Her career to this day was basically influenced by Li Mu. If it weren't for him, she wouldn't have come to Yanjing; if it weren't for him, she wouldn't have gotten the opportunity to go to Xiangnan Satellite TV; similarly, if it weren't for him, she wouldn't have made the decision to go to Xiangnan Satellite TV. Therefore, Chen Wan was willing to hand over her career path to Li Mu's hands and let him decide for her. Of course, she would not object to the decision he made for her.

Li Mu said: "As long as your debut can be amazing, your popularity will definitely increase rapidly. In the future, I will also find a way to help you integrate all kinds of resources, and at the same time, I will use the resources in my hands to do the exchange, so that you can quickly become the first sister of Xiangnan Satellite TV."

Chen Wan said with a smile, "I don't have such big ambitions. I'm satisfied to be able to do this show well."

Li Mu was happy and said, "Sister, with your personal conditions, as long as no one does anything bad behind your back, you can be the first sister no matter which station you are in!"

Chen Wan covered her mouth and said happily, "I only know how to flatter people. I don't know how much weight I have."

Li Mu said, "Let's wait and see. Let's see how much potential you have."

With that, Li Mu poured champagne back into their glasses, raised his glass and said, "Sister, I wish you a bright future in Xiangnan Satellite TV!"

Chen Wan nodded, raised her glass and touched Li Mu's. She looked at him with a faint smile and deep affection in her eyes and said, "Sister also wishes your Makino Technology a bright future!"

In fact, Makino Technology has now met the wind and turned into a dragon. Although YY has only been online for a day, the valuation of Makino Technology in the eyes of venture capital investors has almost doubled. The current valuation of Makino Technology will not be less than 3 to 4 billion. In other words, if Li Mu wants to finance the C series now, many venture capital investors will accept the price of 4 billion. However, Li Mu has a great wish in his heart: no financing before going public.

With the Happy Farm, Makino Technology has a positive cash flow. Not only can it support itself, but it can also create huge profits. Now that YY is so strong, the conversion rate of value-added services is frighteningly high, and the cash flow will get better and better in the future. So in this case, not to mention 4 billion, 5 billion or even 10 billion, Li Mu will not be interested.

According to the current rate of cash inflow and the ability to generate income from YY in the future, Makino Technology will not be short of money in the future. It is very likely to replicate Teng Xun's feat of being profitable for several years in a row, and not accept any investment for several years until it goes public.

In the end, having money and the ability to continue to make money is the most important thing.

Chen Wan doesn't know much about the Internet, but she can also see the media and many people's comments on Makino Technology. Therefore, she is sincerely happy for Li Mu.

The siblings are almost done drinking at SugarClub. Li Mu is a little tipsy, and Chen Wan is almost drunk. Her pretty face is red, and her eyes are a little blurred. Therefore, Li Mu said to Chen Wan that they should call it a night and send her home.

Chen Wan pursed her lips and looked at the bottle that still has a little wine left. She tentatively looked at Li Mu and asked him, "Can I drink a little more?

I didn't drink to my heart's content today. "

Li Mu hesitated for a moment, then said, "Then finish this little bit. After that, I won't drink anymore."

Chen Wan's eyes lit up, and she said happily, "Okay, finish this."

After saying that, she picked up the bottle and poured half a glass for Li Mu and herself, completely finishing the wine in the bottle.

After drinking, Li Mu called the waiter and told him to directly charge the bill of his private room to his account. Also, he asked the waiter to arrange a driver for him.

The waiter knew that he is a shareholder of the restaurant, so he very attentively agreed. Then, he left the private room and contacted Fatty Wang, telling him that the VIP guest is about to leave.

When Li Mu arrived, Fatty Wang already knew that the moment all VIP customers showed their VIP cards at SugarClub, the staff would immediately report to him. Fatty Wang knew that Li Mu had brought a woman over, so he naturally understood that he shouldn't disturb him. However, he still instructed the staff to inform him when Li Mu was about to leave, and then he would meet up with Li Mu. This way, he wouldn't disturb Li Mu's good time. Furthermore, he wasn't worried that the woman Li Mu brought could not see the light of day, because if this woman could not see the light of day, Li Mu would definitely not have brought her here.

Fatty Wang was very well-informed. He knew that Li Mu is now playing big. Compared to his previous situation, he is much stronger now. After YY was launched, Makino Technology became a hot commodity in the capital market. Fatty Wang finally understood why a young man like Li Mu, who is not even 20 years old, could make Chen Ze and Hui Ka Ming take the initiative to date. The energy contained in Li Mu's body is beyond everyone's imagination.

Therefore, when he heard that Li Mu came to SugarClub, Fatty Wang's brain started to work. He remembered that Li Mu ordered a Benz G55 from Cai Zhengmao through him. Therefore, not long after Li Mu arrived, he called Cai Zhengmao to ask him where the car is now.

Cai Zhengmao replied that the car should still be on the ship, but he is not very clear about the specific location.

For Cai Zhengmao, reversing cars is just a sideline that he is interested in. He does not really rely on this for a living, so he is not very concerned about the whole process. Therefore, he just told Fatty Wang that the shipping cycle is about 20 days. When it arrives at the port, Cai Zhengmao will naturally contact him, and then inform him to pick up the car.

Obviously, Fatty Wang is not satisfied with this answer. He asked Cai Zhengmao if he can give a specific arrival time. He also said that this car is booked by a very important friend, and he hopes that Cai Zhengmao can help him.

Cai Zhengmao is helpless, so he can only give him face. In the evening, he called his own shipping company to confirm the location of the cargo ship. The news he got is that the G55 that Li Mu ordered is about to enter Bohai Bay, and it will arrive at the port in about 10 hours.

Fatty Wang then felt relieved and thanked Cai Zhengmao. When the waiter told him that Li Mu is ready to leave, he then got up and went downstairs to look for Li Mu.

Hearing the knock on the door, Li Mu thought it was the waiter, so he said please come in. When the door opened, he found out that it is Fatty Wang.

Fatty Wang pushed the door open, but he did not come in. Instead, he smiled at Li Mu and Chen Wan at the door, and then asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, I heard that you are here, so I came to say hello. Is it a bother for you?"

Li Mu laughed, "What are you talking about? What's the bother? Let me introduce you. This is my sister, Chen Wan."

After that, Li Mu said to Chen Wan, "Sister, this is Old Wang, the boss of SugarClub. His nickname is Fatty Wang."

Fatty Wang shrunk his neck in a slightly wretched manner and waved his hand to greet Chen Wan with a smile. Li Mu invited him to come in and have a seat. Fatty Wang waved his hand and said, "No, no, I'm here to tell you that the car I booked for you last time is almost here. It should arrive at the port tomorrow. If Lao Cai speeds up the customs declaration, it should be done in two days. That is to say, the car can arrive at Yan Jing in about three days."

Li Mu was happy and asked him, "So soon?"

Fatty Wang said with a smile, "It has been more than half a month. I was afraid that you would be anxious, so I urged Old Cai. He will get the relevant procedures done as soon as possible."

Li Mu said, "Thank you very much, Old Wang. I will transfer the rest of the money to you tomorrow."

Fatty Wang waved his hand and said with a smile, "We are brothers, so it is not necessary to say thank you. It is not a big deal. When the car arrives, it will be directly transported to Yanjing. You can ask Old Chen to help you get a set of badass license plates."

Li Mu nodded. Chen Ze had mentioned this before. When the new car arrived, he would get a set of license plates for himself. There were many ways to get a license plate in Yanjing. In addition to the license plates for ordinary people, the license plates with a specific letter + number represented the identity and status of the car owner. People with a little bit of insight would know these special combinations. They could enjoy a lot of extra privileges and convenience on the road.