Chapter 399

The Internet was the fastest-growing field in the world. Sometimes, a single product could change the world overnight. However, if one were to calm down and look at it carefully, most of the projects that had a profound impact on the Internet had an unexpectedly long gestation period.

For example, Microsoft, Google, Apple, Oracle, and even Teng Xun and Baidu took several years to establish their first core product in the market. Even Facebook took five years to surpass its competitor, MySpace. This showed that although the Internet changed the world quickly, the products that changed the world were the products of years of sharpening. Only a small number of them were successful.

In Li Mu's opinion, a truly successful Internet product had to go through a few stages.

First, the birth of ideas;

Second, the entry point;

Third, the development and testing of the product;

Fourth, the accumulation of users;

Fifth, the search for profit;

Sixth, the formation of a complete ecological loop;

The time taken for these six stages varied, but the fastest would still take several years to explore and settle.

However, for Li Mu, with the advantage of being reborn, he could directly ignore the first two stages, and then succeed in the third stage, avoiding a lot of detours in product development. The success of the first three stages, coupled with the advanced Internet operation awareness, allowed him to get twice the results with half the effort in the accumulation of users. He also knew the profit model of any successful Internet product in the next ten years, and these models were discovered by his team after many years of exploration. Therefore, he did not need to waste any time at this stage.

Therefore, Li Mu could directly come up with a YY that was more powerful than the current QQ in a few months. The time spent was nothing more than the inevitable development stage. He could also produce Taobao in a few months. The only time constraint was still on the technical level. He could have ideas and concepts at any time, but to convert them into products, he still had to type the code word by word.

With this speed, in principle, Li Mu was not afraid of any company, and he had the absolute strength to launch a blitzkrieg on multiple fronts. If he was given another year, he would be able to win in many fields.

Once the YY was successful, Taobao would not be far away.

Although Li Mu was full of hesitation, he did not dare to slow down the entire rhythm.

Before he reached home, he called Kong Lingyu and told him that he had returned to Yanjing. He asked him to inform all the core management of Makino Technology to hold a strategy meeting the day after tomorrow. Li Mu clearly told Kong Lingyu that the meeting was highly confidential, and it would not be held in the company. However, he did not know where the meeting would be held. Li Mu called Lin Ching-ah and asked her to find a conference center in a five-star hotel tomorrow, and let the company's senior management eat, drink, and sleep there.

It was necessary to hold a strategy meeting. There were more and more people in the company now, and many of them were new to the workplace. They did not know or had no awareness of confidentiality. If they passed by the door of the conference room, they might hear some key information. If they did not take it seriously and spread it, it might bring unpredictable losses to the company.

Lin Ching-ah asked Li Mu in surprise, "Li Zong, will this meeting be long?"

Li Mu said, "According to the day's preparation, then we will book a room for everyone, as well as massage and spa services. After the meeting, everyone will rest in the hotel for a night, and then come to the company the next day."

Lin Ching-ah understood Li Mu's intention, so she said, "Then I will arrange it tomorrow. What do you think about the budget?"

Li Mu said, "You are the vice president of the company, so there is no need for me to approve the budget for this kind of thing. You have a general idea in your mind, and just prepare according to your concept."

Li Mu hoped that Lin Ching-ah could be more independent, and take more responsibilities into her own field, and then have a full sense of ownership, so that she would not come to him for instructions for many things. If that was the case, he would not be able to relax, and she would not be able to grow.

Other than the product development, which Li Mu did not dare to delegate, he was willing to delegate other things to people he trusted. For example, he was willing to let Lin Ching-ah be responsible for the company's human resources, business cooperation, and to a certain extent the allocation of the company's funds. He was also willing to let the company's entire technical team be managed by Kong Lingyu, and he was also willing to let Fang Xudong handle the key technical work such as product architecture in the future. The premise was that they had the ability to take on these things. If they were not capable enough at the moment, Li Mu was also willing to train them, or give them a chance to find the rhythm, but the key was that they had to have the heart to take on these things.

Lin Ching-ah was very smart. She realized from Li Mu's words that he was a little dissatisfied with her asking for instructions for everything, so she said very straightforwardly, "I will settle this matter before noon tomorrow."

Li Mu grunted and said, "Okay, when the time comes, I will notify all the core management by email."

…

For the past few days, Chen Wan's mood had been a little complicated.

The complicated reason mostly came from her own work. She was originally an intern anchor at Yanjing Satellite TV, but she was ostracized by the hosts, so she was not able to get the opportunity to appear onscreen. However, she did not expect that after Li Mu dragged her to make a cameo appearance in the short film "Oldboys", she actually became inexplicably popular.

This kind of popularity was different from the popularity of Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan. Chen Wan's popularity was very low key. Although she did not gain tens of millions of fans like Du Wei, she coincidentally gained a group of die-hard fans. This group of die-hard fans especially liked her image as a host in "Oldboys" because her performance was impeccable, and her professionalism was completely revealed. Some of the more observant fans quickly discovered that she was actually a host, and she was working at Yanjing Satellite TV, just that she was currently in an intern state. This group of fans had been watching Yanjing Satellite TV since Chinese New Year, but until now, they had not been able to see even a single scene of Chen Wan on TV.

Angry fans kept calling and writing to the TV station. It was said that in the past ten days, the TV station had received at least a thousand phone calls and letters about why Chen Wan was not allowed to appear onscreen. The program that Chen Wan was in used to only have a small basket in front of the reception room to place letters. On average, they received five to ten letters a day, but now, they received more than a hundred letters a day, filling the small basket to the brim every time.

Yanjing Satellite TV had been broadcasting for so long, but there had never been a host who received such treatment from fans. After all, they were located in the capital, and they were constantly being suppressed by the Central TV station. They did not have any truly outstanding programs, so it was normal that they did not receive such treatment.

However, suddenly, an intern host who had never gotten a chance to appear onscreen received a large number of fans' support. This became a hot topic in Yanjing Satellite TV.

Every day, the colleagues in the television station would discuss the topic of Chen Wan. Whether it was out of curiosity, jealousy, or a sense of justice for Chen Wan, Chen Wan, who was previously unknown and only had a crush on some male colleagues, had suddenly become a well-known celebrity in the television station.

The leaders of Yanjing Satellite TV realized that since Chen Wan had become a celebrity and had so many fans chasing after her, and her professionalism had been shown in "Old Boys", it would not be right for them to not let her appear onscreen. Therefore, the leaders of the TV station began to study what kind of program to put Chen Wan on. Some people suggested pressuring her current program team to follow the original plan and let her be an assistant host on the program "Special Interview". However, regarding this suggestion, there were three different voices among the leaders of the TV station.

The first voice supported this suggestion, to let Chen Wan be the assistant host of "Special Interview", and that it must be suppressed so that she could appear onscreen as soon as possible.

The second voice opposed this suggestion. They felt that Chen Wan was very popular now, and it was not right for her to be an assistant host on such a lukewarm program. They felt that they should arrange a new program for her to take on the leading role. Now, Yanjing Satellite TV was dreaming of investing in a program that could carry the weight, but they had not been able to do so even after thinking about it for ten to twenty years. They could bet on Chen Wan.

The third voice felt that Chen Wan's popularity was just a temporary phenomenon. It came and went quickly, and there was no need for the TV station to be too sensitive about it. They might as well follow the original rhythm. If they used the first plan, they would offend the female host of "Special Interview". She was now the most popular female host of Yanjing Satellite TV. If they used the second plan, it might cause the entire TV station to have an opinion. Why should a fresh graduate get more resources and even get her own exclusive program?

Just because she went out to act in a micro film?

Chen Wan was still in the internship stage. There was no restriction in the contract that she could not appear onscreen, which also allowed her to take advantage of a loophole. If she was given favorable treatment, wouldn't it set a very bad precedent for the subsequent hosts in the future? If they all racked their brains to participate in various films and TV series in the future, what should they do?

While the three voices were in a deadlock, Chen Wan was also having a hard time in the middle of this vortex. She had no intention of becoming the center of attention, but things just happened to push her to the center of public opinion. It did not feel good to have people talking about her behind her back every day. Sometimes, it even made her feel unusually tired.

Unexpectedly, at this awkward time, Xiangnan Satellite TV took the initiative to throw an olive branch to her.

Xiangnan Satellite TV has always been keenly aware of the market value of Chen Wan. This time, they used 120% of their sincerity to poach Chen Wan, because the offer they gave was that they hoped Chen Wan would join Xiangnan Satellite TV and host Xiangnan Satellite TV's nationally popular variety show "Happy Camp" with He Jiong, Li Xiang and Li Weijia!

Xiangnan Satellite TV has always been one of the local satellite TV stations that is most in line with the market. They have understood a rule since the stage of preparing to go to the stars at the end of the last century, that is, everything must follow the market rules, do TV series that the market likes to watch, do variety shows that the market likes to watch, so they do not have the bloated bureaucratic system and factional struggle within Yanjing Satellite TV. The program director happened to be looking for a female host to match the current host lineup. Originally, they had long had a favorite object, that is, Xie Xie, who had briefly joined "Happy Camp" in 2000 and then left. According to the historical process, Xie Xie did return to "Happy Camp" in 2002.