Chapter 1828

The appearance of the Makino Aurora was very attractive to consumers.

In addition, Li Mu's innovative sales model also attracted consumers.

His direct sales model, which was similar to Tesla's, gave consumers a better car purchase experience.

One of the biggest advantages of direct sales was the uniformity of prices.

Just like Tesla, the sales staff had no right to give consumers any discounts. If consumers wanted to buy a car, they could directly go to the official website to place an order and pay the price. Although it was impossible to unify the price globally, at least the sales price would be the same in the same country and region.

In this way, consumers could also save themselves the hassle of bargaining. If they knew that the price of the car couldn't be negotiated, it would actually be easier for them.

Soon, Makino Motors officially began to deliver the Makino Aurora SUV to users around the world.

After the car was officially delivered to consumers, it immediately attracted the attention of the automotive media around the world.

Many automotive media outlets would do everything they could to find a Makino Aurora and test it.

The results of the test were also varied.

As a family car, rather than a performance car, the overall performance of the Muye Aurora could be regarded as above average, which was also worthy of its price. Therefore, in the eyes of the major automotive media, it was still relatively reasonable, and there was nothing that could be used to criticize it.

As for its appearance and interior, it was also recognized by everyone as impeccable.

Because most people didn't have the opportunity to see the actual car before, the automotive media could only get access to some official photos released, so they didn't have a good understanding of the appearance and interior of the Makino Aurora.

Now that the mass-produced model was officially delivered, whether it was the automotive media, car critics, or ordinary users, they had the opportunity to really see the car in front of them. They even had the opportunity to sit in the car and experience its luxurious and unique interior. This gave them a stronger understanding and affirmation of the industrial design of the car.

Every automotive media outlet praised the exterior and interior of the car.

Even the most picky and stingy European automotive media gave high praise and affirmation to the Makino Aurora.

No one could believe that Makino Technology could achieve such a high degree of completeness and achieve such a beautiful industrial design in the first mass-produced car manufacturing.

Based on the Volvo platform and Volvo's safety standards, the Makino Aurora also received an A grade in the crash test. After all, it was just an XC60 with a new shell. In terms of safety, it was almost the same as a Volvo XC60.

As a result, this car was named the best medium-sized SUV in the world by major automobile evaluation media around the world. Its appearance and interior were undoubtedly the best. It was also the best in terms of technology and innovation.

After the delivery of the Makino Aurora, the automotive media loved its excellent human-computer interaction system and navigation function the most.

Apart from that, there was another great surprise, which was the feeling of the Makino Aurora Hybrid Edition.

Thanks to the use of Tesla's lithium-ion battery technology and electric motor technology, the hybrid version of the Muino Aurora had unprecedented fuel economy.

Even Prius, the big brother of the Hybrid World, was pressed to the ground by Mu Ye.

The first generation of the Prius was not as good as Tesla in terms of electric drive and kinetic energy recovery technology.

After all, Tesla used a different approach by using a lithium-ion battery. Its energy density was far higher than that of lead-acid batteries. Therefore, it was lighter, had more power, and had more power output.

Li Mu knew very well that lithium battery technology did not have any revolutionary developments in the next decade or so.

Therefore, with the current level of industrial development, it was impossible to produce chips that would be decades in the future. However, it was possible to produce a Tesla that would be decades in the future.

The electric drive assembly used in the Makino Aurora was not much weaker than the Tesla that would be decades in the future. It could easily beat the first generation of the Prius.

Toyota was shocked by this. They never expected that their hybrid technology, which the global automobile companies could not beat, would be overtaken by a company that had turned from the internet into an automobile company.

All of a sudden, all the automobile manufacturers around the world focused their attention on Muye Motors. Every company even bought a prototype of the animal husbandry organization's car at a very high price and secretly dismantled the car.

After dismantling the Makino Aurora, every member of the automobile group felt a deep sense of powerlessness.

Because they found that when Li Mu was making cars, he had chosen a completely different path than they had.

Before this, Toyota never thought that hundreds of 18650 batteries could be piled together and push a car so fast.

Moreover, the Muino Aurora used this kind of battery and Tesla's electric motor. Not only could it provide better fuel economy, but it could also greatly increase the power of the vehicle.

This made the technology that Toyota was so proud of become an ancient product of the past.

In addition to being cheaper and safer, lead-acid batteries were much better than lithium batteries in terms of other parameters.

As a result, Toyota immediately activated its emergency response system. They even believed that Makino Motors would become Toyota's biggest competitor in the future.

The Japanese automobile engineers could not understand how Li Mu could make cars so perfect. Li Mu's thinking on many issues was completely different from other automobile brands.

Take the color screen in the center console for example. If someone had told Toyota engineers that they wanted to add a color screen to their car before the Aurora Makino was introduced, the Toyota engineers would have definitely scolded that person.

Why a color screen?

Cars were made to drive, not to look at.

The most important thing for a car was stability. The old monochrome screen technology was mature, it was stable, and it was cheap. Moreover, he could display whatever he wanted it to display. Why would he need to design a delicate color LCD screen?

That kind of thing would have a high failure rate, and its practicality was extremely low. It was just for show.

But when Li Mu really built this thing, everyone found that the color screen turned out to have so many uses.

Not only could it display more details of the car, but it could also provide a very good human-computer interaction experience. The navigation system was based on the Keyhole technology, and Li Mu requested it to be redesigned. It was also amazing.

They realized that Li Mu's way of thinking was not unique, but it was advanced.

Everyone thought that he was a layman in the automobile industry, but he actually had a deeper understanding of cars than the so-called professionals.

Actually, Li Mu and Elon Musk were the same type of people. They did not like to do things within the industry, and they both liked to make breakthroughs and cross-industry innovations.

Before Elon Musk started Tesla, no one thought that a touch screen could be used to solve the car's main console. They also did not think that the 18650 battery in the laptop could be used as an energy storage unit for electric cars.

In the automobile industry, Li Mu did not want to think like an automobile manufacturer. After all, he did not come from the automobile industry.

Like Elon Musk, he worked in the Internet industry, which focused more on technological development and user experience, before moving into the automotive industry.

They had a completely different way of thinking and doing things from the traditional automobile industry. Therefore, when they came to the automobile industry, it was a huge blow to the original group of people in the automobile industry.

In this world, no matter what business you do, you must understand the needs of the customers and cater to them.

Therefore, traditional automobile companies were more like Nokia in the mobile phone industry, and Tesla was more like Steve Jobs in the mobile phone industry.

Li Mu was playing this role now.

The impact of his car on the automobile industry was equivalent to the impact that Steve Jobs had on the mobile phone industry with the first generation of the iPhone.

The Aurora Makino made the Japanese, German, and American automobile companies feel a sense of urgency.

Especially the Japanese automobile companies.

Whether it was Toyota, Honda, or Nissan, the fundamental reason they could sell well all over the world was that they had a very balanced price-performance ratio.

Take the world's most profitable automobile group, Toyota, for example. Their cars' performance was not too strong, their appearance was not too good, and their prices were not too cheap. However, their quality control was not bad, and their safety was not bad. Their fuel economy was also very good. Therefore, in summary, they were one of the most cost-effective brands in the global automobile market.

But now, for Toyota, the Aurora Makino seemed to be a head above them in many aspects.

Not to mention anything else, just the exterior and interior of the Makino Aurora were already the best in the world. Volvo's technology was not much worse than Toyota's. Although its fuel economy and quality control were a little worse than Toyota's, it was much safer than Toyota's.

As for the sense of technology, the Aurora Makino was even better.

Not to mention other things, just the LCD screen in the center console had already surpassed 90% of the cars on the market. Not to mention the human-computer interaction system, as well as the Keyhole map and navigation system.

Overnight, Li Mu had improved the sense of technology in cars. This was the threshold.

After learning that the human-computer interaction system used by Makino Cars was actually derived from Makino Technology, countless automobile companies sent requests to Makino Technology, hoping that Makino Technology could license the human-computer interaction system as a set of public systems.

In addition, they also wanted to obtain the license from Makino Technology for the Keyhole.

This was because if they wanted to do car navigation, they would have to solve the problem of data in addition to the hardware and software.

Digital mapping was a very large project, and it had just started on a global scale. The Keyhole was far ahead of them.

If they could not obtain the data license from the Keyhole, even if they solved the software and hardware problems, they would not be able to solve the problem of map data.

Obviously, it was impossible to do the mapping themselves. The amount of work required to do the mapping was huge, and the amount of work required to ensure that the map was updated regularly was even greater.

However, Makino Technology immediately gave the global automobile industry a response that made them despair.

First of all, whether it was Makino Technology or the Keyhole that Makino Technology held a stake in, they were exclusive to Makino Motors in the automotive field.

Second, Makino Technology had a number of technical patents on the human-computer interaction system, the car navigation system, and the car color screen assembly, none of which were licensed to the outside world.

As a result, the pace of the automobile industry had been delayed for more than two years.