Chapter 321

Downstairs of Su Yingxue's dormitory.

Li Mu looked at her, who looked a little tired, and said apologetically, "You've been with me for the whole day. You must be bored, right?"

Su Yingxue said playfully, "It's actually quite fun. It's also a pleasure to see my boyfriend working hard."

Then, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Are you going back to the dormitory tonight?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, the guitar is still in the dormitory. I'll go to Yucheng Garden to write a song in two nights. I have a rough idea in my mind."

Su Yingxue asked expectantly, "Can I be by your side when you write a song?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Why don't you be the first listener?"

Su Yingxue smiled happily and said, "Okay, let me know as soon as you finish writing."

Li Mu agreed and said, "It's getting late. Go upstairs and rest."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and said, "If you have time, can you record the song 'Rice Shop'?"

"Okay!"

After saying goodbye to Su Yingxue, Li Mu went to his dormitory. Before going upstairs, he took out his phone and sent a message to Zhao Ziqiu after hesitating for a long time.

"Are you asleep?"

"Not yet. I just took a shower."

"How do you feel today?"

"Pretty good."

"That's good. Sleep early. Good night."

After sending this message, Li Mu was a little relieved. Although he had been busy all day, he still missed Zhao Ziqiu. She had just gone through such an accident. He didn't know how she was feeling and adjusting her mentality. Now that she replied that she was fine, he was relieved.

When he put the phone in his pocket and was about to go upstairs, the phone in his pocket rang again. It was a message from Zhao Ziqiu, "I miss you. Do you miss me?"

Li Mu stopped in his tracks and replied after a long time, "Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "That's good. Good night."

"Good night."

Back in the dormitory, Hui Ka Ming sent a message to Li Mu. He told Li Mu about his discussion with Chen Ze about Chen Ze investing in Makino Technology. Chen Ze was interested in investing. As for the details, it was up to Li Mu to discuss with Chen Ze.

Li Mu made a rough calculation in his mind. In this Series B, he would transfer the 10% of the shares he cleared from Baidu to Hui Ka Ming's Mingcheng Capital. He would exchange these 10% shares for 80 million in cash and invest all of it into the account of Makino Technology. He would transfer 5% of the shares to Chen Ze at a valuation of 400 to 500 million, and then exchange about 20 million in cash for himself. This money would be of great use in the future.

…

The next day, Li Mu stayed on the set for the whole day. After shooting the scenes during the day, he drove to the TV station in the evening to wait for Chen Wan, ready to pick her up on the set.

At half past six, Li Mu saw Chen Wan coming out of the building of the Yanjing TV Station. As soon as she walked to the door, a young man with a parting hairstyle got out of a Benz S600. The young man got out of the car and ran to the passenger seat with a large bouquet of red roses. There were at least 99 roses.

The young man went straight to Chen Wan with the flowers. As soon as Chen Wan looked up and saw him walking towards her, she was shocked and immediately stopped. Then she hurriedly lowered her head and went to the other side to avoid him. However, the young man's reaction was also very fast. In a flash, he was already in front of Chen Wan. Then he held the flowers and said with a face full of solicitude, "Miss Chen Wan, I bought these flowers especially for you. They are for you."

In this era, there were not many people who drove a Benz S600 and held a large bouquet of flowers to chase a girl. In another ten or eight years, it might have been out of fashion. However, in the eyes of girls nowadays, this kind of action was still very romantic. Therefore, several girls who came out of the TV station at the same time suddenly screamed in excitement. They stopped and looked at the two with envy.

Chen Wan was extremely embarrassed and blurted out, "I don't want it. You can take it."

The young man was not discouraged by the rejection. He hurriedly said, "Let's have dinner together tonight. I have already booked a table at the best Western restaurant in Yanjing."

Chen Wan hurriedly said, "I'm sorry, I have an appointment tonight."

After saying this, Chen Wan wanted to go around him. She did not expect the young man to suddenly block in front of her. His tone was a bit firmer than before as he said, "I have already booked a table. Miss Chen Wan, how about this?"

Chen Wan shook her head, "I'm sorry, I really can't."

After saying that, she was about to leave again. The young man hurriedly reached out and grabbed Chen Wan's wrist. He said with a somewhat impatient tone, "Chen Wan, I understand that you want to put on airs, but it's meaningless to always put on airs, right?

I just want to treat you to a meal. You have already rejected me for the fifth time. As the saying goes, you can't do it more than three times. When it comes to you, you can do it more than five times, okay? "

Chen Wan did not expect the young man to directly grab her wrist. Her tone also became cold as she reprimanded, "Please let go of your hand. I'm not familiar with you, so it's impossible for me to eat with you."

With so many people watching, the young man's expression was extremely ugly. He said with a bit of a threat, "If you don't eat with me today, do you believe that I won't let you stay in Beijing TV Station in the future?"

As soon as he finished speaking, he felt a hand suddenly clamp down on his arm that was grabbing Chen Wan. In an instant, a strong force came through, causing him to cry out in pain and instinctively let go of Chen Wan's hand.

When he looked closely, he realized that it was a young man who was grabbing his little arm in a death grip. He was so angry that he blurted out, "Who the f * ck are you? Do you want to die?"

Li Mu forcefully twisted his wrist and twisted the young man's arm to the top of his head. He took advantage of the situation and twisted it, causing the young man to howl in pain, "F * ck, let go of me, or do you believe that I won't kill you?"

Li Mu increased the strength of his grip and said coldly, "If she doesn't want to talk to you, then don't force yourself to get close to her. You're a man, forcing a woman to eat with you. Who the f * ck do you think you are?

Your mother wants to eat with you every day. Why don't you go back to eat with her? "

"Ouch, f * ck, you're your mother …"

Before he finished his words, Li Mu exerted more strength in his hand. It was so painful that he almost burst into tears and screamed.

At this moment, Chen Wan had just recovered from the shock and joy of Li Mu's sudden appearance. She stepped forward and held Li Mu's arm, saying, "Don't lower yourself to this kind of person's level. Let's go."

Li Mu originally wanted this bastard to admit his mistake and beg for mercy before letting him go. However, after listening to Chen Wan's words, he didn't want to continue wasting time with this kind of bastard. He pushed him away and then let go of his hand. He said, "Get out of here." Then he pulled Chen Wan to his car.

The young man gnashed his teeth and looked at Li Mu, but he didn't dare to come up and fight with Li Mu, so he could only leave a harsh sentence, "Bastard, I'll remember you. You wait for me."

Li Mu didn't even bother to look back. He directly took Chen Wan to his car, started the car, and went straight to the set.

On the road, Li Mu asked Chen Wan, "Sister, what does that person do?"

Chen Wan frowned and said, "He's a rich second generation. He's a friend of my colleague. Once, he came to our TV station to talk about something. In the end, he pestered me and ran to our TV station every few days. Today is the fifth time."

Li Mu asked, "What's this guy's background?"

Chen Wan shook her head. "I'm not sure. I only know that his family makes liquor."

Li Mu nodded slightly. "Liquor has a high profit margin. If it's done well, it does make a lot of money."

Then, Li Mu said, "Next time, if he dares to come to you again, call me."

Chen Wan looked at Li Mu and asked him in a strange tone, "If I call you, you'll come to fight with others again?

Didn't you just go to the police station? "

Li Mu asked her in surprise, "How did you know?"

Chen Wan said with a little jealousy, "I know a lot. I also know that you wrote a song to confess to a girl and even kissed her in public, right?"

Li Mu scratched his head awkwardly. "Sister, you're really well-informed. I'm afraid that even Senior Sister Ai doesn't know that I went to the police station, right?"

Chen Wan nodded. "She really doesn't know, but I have my own information channels. I basically know most of the things about you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Sister Wan is still the best!"

"Stop flattering me."

Chen Wan snorted and said, "Do you really think of me as your sister? Dating is such a big thing. Why didn't you ask your sister before?"

Just when Li Mu wanted to say something, Chen Wan said again, "It's fine if you didn't ask for my permission. I don't have the right to control you. But after you got a girlfriend, why didn't you tell your sister?"

Li Mu said with a calm face, "I originally wanted to tell you today that I'll treat you to a meal another day to get to know you officially. You've seen that girl before. She's my high school classmate."

Chen Wan was naturally very uncomfortable about Li Mu's dating, but she wasn't angry at him. She just felt a little sad in her heart. She liked Li Mu for a long time, but she didn't have the confidence to like him. Because she was older than Li Mu by a few years, and because Li Mu had always treated her as his sister, she didn't even have the courage to confess her love to Li Mu. Therefore, she couldn't do anything about Li Mu's dating.

Although Chen Wan felt bad, she still pretended to be enlightened and said, "Oh, I know which girl it is. When we were still in Haizhou, I drove you to the driving school registration place. At that time, the girl waiting for you there was her, right?

Both of you were admitted to the National People's Congress together, right? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes, it's her."

Chen Wan nodded a little desolately and murmured with dim eyes, "That girl is not bad. She's very beautiful."

Li Mu was driving and didn't notice the change in Chen Wan's expression. He just nodded and said, "Although she's beautiful, she's still not as good as you, sister."

"Come on." Chen Wan said, "Don't flatter me at this time. It can't be fake."

Li Mu hurriedly explained, "I'm really not flattering you. Sister, you have a temperament and charm. How can a girl like Ying Xue, who's not even 20 years old, compare to you?"

Chen Wan wrinkled her nose. "Are you indirectly saying that I'm old?"

"How is that possible?"

Li Mu raised his right hand and said, "I swear, sister, you're at the most beautiful age right now. Your beauty is not something a girl under 20 can compare to."

Chen Wan sighed and said with a smile, "Okay, okay, I'm just joking with you."

After saying that, Chen Wan didn't want to continue this topic and asked Li Mu, "Are my brother and the others on set?"

Li Mu nodded. "Some of your scenes are with them. They have to accompany you until the end of these scenes."

Chen Wan said with some worry, "I've never learned acting. I've only acted in plays with my classmates in university. What if I don't do well?"

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. "Believe me, you're considered a professional. Ke Xuan and the others have no acting experience, and Du Wei hasn't even faced the camera before. Isn't that something that's been tempered?

There are three main points in your scenes. First, you have to show off your perfect external conditions. Then, you have to show off your hosting skills and abilities. Finally, you have to bring out the tense atmosphere of the competition. Basically, you have to use your broadcasting and hosting skills. "

Chen Wan nodded lightly and said, "If you put it that way, then I can relax a little. I'm just afraid that I'll drag you guys down. If I don't act well and you guys find another actor to replace me, then I'll be in deep trouble."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I have full confidence in you. You'll definitely succeed."

After saying that, Li Mu asked her again, "By the way, sister, how are you doing at the TV station?

Is there any progress in appearing on screen? "

Chen Wan shook her head and said, "No, there's basically no solution at the moment."

Li Mu said with certainty, "Don't worry. When this movie is broadcast, you'll definitely have a chance to appear on screen!"

…

Li Mu drove her to the set and immediately began to shoot her relevant scenes.

Unexpectedly, Chen Wan, who was shocked for the first time, performed perfectly. Her shooting was much easier than expected. After all, she was a broadcasting student. This time, she was also playing the role of a host in the movie. She only needed to bring out her professional skills and perform perfectly in front of the camera. Therefore, Chen Wan's scenes were quite smooth.

In order to highlight Chen Wan's hosting skills in this movie, Li Mu deliberately wrote a relatively long hosting script for her to familiarize herself with in advance. When the time came, her hosting style would be similar to Zhao Zijing in "I Am a Singer". Her hosting style would be more relaxed and natural. The scenes for her would also be shot with a rocker arm, coupled with the constant close-up and follow-up shots. This would not only highlight her appearance, temperament, and figure, but with the long script, her facial expressions, tone of voice, and hosting rhythm would also be well highlighted.

Chen Wan's performance was also very good. She was very natural in front of the camera and very quickly brought out the tension of a competition. Seeing her finish these few scenes, Li Mu was even more confident in her hosting skills. With her image, temperament, and personal ability, it would not be a problem at all for her to take the job of hosting a talent show. When the time came, he would use a novel program structure and competition rules to perfect the framework of the entire show. Then, he would pair her with a few influential judges, and she would definitely become a well-known host in the country. When she was famous enough, he would plan a reality show for her, and she would definitely be able to enter the ranks of A-list hosts.