Chapter 1810

After Spielberg's speech, Tom Hanks, Leonardo, Liu Ye, Du Wei, and Anne Hathaway also expressed their thoughts on the movie.

While talking about the history and the details of the filming, the actors were also very emotional.

After the main cast and crew were interviewed, Chen Wan picked up the microphone and said, "Speaking of the movie 'Flying Tigers', we have to mention one person. This person was the one who pushed everything behind the scenes and made the movie come to fruition. He is the chairman of Makino Technology, Mr. Lee Li Mu. Let's welcome him with a round of applause."

Li Mu, who was wearing a black suit, walked out from the side door and stepped onto the small stage.

After the applause, Chen Wan came to Li Mu and asked him, "Li Zong, what made you invest 200 million US dollars to make a movie like this?"

Li Mu said seriously, "There are many reasons, but the most important thing is the story of this movie, and the real history behind the story, moved me. As you all know, we have done public welfare activities for veterans, and we have also gone to the Yunnan-Guizhou mountain area to interview the veterans of the Flying Tigers. I have always respected these veterans who fought for our country and even sacrificed their lives, so I also wanted to make a movie to pay tribute to them. I happened to see Director Spielberg's script, so I decided to invest without hesitation."

Chen Wan nodded and asked again, "Then, if the full score is 10, what score do you think this movie will get in your heart?"

Li Mu said without hesitation, "10. In my heart, it is a movie with a full score. It fully respects history, fully respects the martyrs, and fully respects the feelings between people."

Chen Wan said, "I saw some comments from the foreign audience. They said that at the end of the movie, the American nurse played by Annie died alone because of the sacrifice of her lover. Isn't it a bit too cruel?

Do you think there is such a cruel relationship in reality? "

Li Mu said, "I think that reality itself is all-encompassing. All kinds of feelings can appear in reality. Some people will be sad for a while when they know that their lover died in the war, and then they will be strong enough to start a new relationship and life. Some people may not be able to control themselves, and even when they start a new relationship, they will still miss the one who has left them. And some people will silently protect that relationship until the end.

"For a character like Annie, her choice of feelings may not necessarily be cruel to this character. Perhaps forcing her to forget the love in her heart and start a new life is the real cruel thing. Just like Pu Shu's song 'White Birch Forest', a young lover died on the battlefield to protect the country. Even when the girl's hair turned white, she still had unforgettable feelings for him. Even when she was on her deathbed, she still thought of that person and that white birch forest."

Chen Wan nodded in agreement and asked, "Li Zong, this movie will be released soon. How much do you expect from the box office?"

Li Mu said, "I hope that the box office of 'Flying Tigers' can surpass' Titanic ', but as for how much it can do, it will have to be tested by the market."

As he said that, Li Mu added, "By the way, I want to tell all the audience that all the net profit of this movie will be used to set up an anti-Japanese war film fund, which will be used to support domestic directors to shoot anti-Japanese war films under the premise of respecting history. And the profits generated from the fund's investment will continue to be used to invest in more anti-Japanese war films. I promise not to use a single cent of it."

Li Mu had never thought of making money by making a movie like 'Flying Tigers'.

What he really wanted to do was to present Hua Xia's anti-Japanese war to the world through the big screen, to let people know the contributions and sacrifices of the people of Hua Xia during that era.

However, to achieve this, it was far from enough to rely on 'Flying Tigers' alone, so he had to mobilize the enthusiasm of all the filmmakers.

For a long time, there was a relatively awkward phenomenon in Hua Xia. There were many TV series with the theme of the anti-Japanese war, but there were very few big-screen movies. The reason was nothing more than utilitarianism.

Filming anti-Japanese war TV series had low costs, good sales, and relatively loose censorship, so everyone rushed to shoot a lot of magical anti-Japanese war dramas. Tearing the Japanese apart with their bare hands, hiding mines in the crotch, armed Gatling three-wheeled buggies, hand grenades to kill planes, steamed buns and hand grenades were all produced in batches by the screenwriters and directors who were not responsible for history.

On the other hand, the big-screen movie with the theme of the anti-Japanese war was bound to have a lot of investment. Moreover, the theme was not as popular as a commercial film. If a few people acted in a road comedy and could get a box office of one or two billion, who would be willing to work hard to make an anti-Japanese war movie?

The hot money in the film and television industry also liked to invest in those film and television projects with stronger entertainment, so the anti-Japanese war theme naturally became fewer and fewer. The fewer people there were, the less people there were, the less people there were, the less people there were, and the less people there were, the less people there were, and so it fell into a vicious cycle.

If he set up a fund to specialize in high-quality anti-Japanese war movies, he believed that it would definitely be able to promote this area.

For example, if a director got a script about the anti-Japanese war, a rough estimate would be that it would cost at least 100 million to film it properly. No one would be willing to invest, and in the end, the script could only be thrown aside.

However, after this fund was established, the 100 million could be asked from his own fund. If the fund felt that the script was fine, the director was fine, and the casting was fine, it would not hesitate to invest, and then reserve a part of the box office share for the director. If the film failed, the fund would bear the cost, and if the film became popular, the fund would also make a lot of money.

Using this model to promote this area of literary and artistic works would definitely bring about a qualitative change.

But for a long time, because no one did this kind of thing, the domestic anti-Japanese war movies became more and more into deep entertainment and excessive entertainment.

Even a mixed episode of a variety show could make money in cinemas. In this kind of market environment, who would be willing to film anti-Japanese war movies in the mud?

Li Mu roughly estimated that "Flying Tigers" would at least be able to earn more than a billion US dollars in the global box office. At that time, after deducting the cost, the box office share, and the share given to Spielberg, the remaining amount would be at least 300 to 400 million US dollars, which was equivalent to 2 to 3 billion RMB.

The investment for a single domestic movie was not considered high, so 2 to 3 billion RMB could support at least 30 to 40, or even 40 to 50 movies. Moreover, it was impossible to directly invest in dozens of movies at once. They would invest in 7 to 8 movies, or even 11 to 12 movies a year. Some of them would lose money, some of them would be even, and some of them would make money.

When this news came out, many domestic movie directors expressed great support and appreciation.

The price of over-marketization was that everyone became more and more profit-driven and less and less responsible. They increasingly felt that patriotism was their business, and making money was their business. When more and more people thought about this problem, the cultural industry would naturally become worse and worse.

Li Mu's decision at this time had indeed brought a great clean current to the cultural industry.

…

After that, Li Mu took the time to participate in four of the roadshows.

In other words, he followed half of the ten roadshows.

For a CEO of multiple companies, to be able to take so much time was really the limit.

The ten roadshows of "Flying Tigers" were popular wherever they went, and the media also chased after it like crazy every day.

The domestic media, from the central TV to the local TV stations, all had great expectations for this movie. They spared no effort to promote this movie.

Even the industry and commerce departments and the public security departments had entered the stage of joint law enforcement, ready to work together to crack down on all piracy after "Flying Tigers" was released.

In the past, when it came to piracy of commercial movies, they might have turned a blind eye, but this movie was extraordinary.

Not only did it represent history, but it also represented Hua Xia's export to the world.

In the words of Li Mu on Weibo and Twitter, we filmed and promoted "Flying Tigers" not to make money, and secondly, not to make a fool of ourselves. Our goal was to salvage this period of history from the long river of history, restore it, and let as many people as possible see it and understand it.

This was respect for history, and also respect for heroes.

Two days before the movie was released, all the cinemas and regions where it was released started selling tickets online.

In less than an hour, all the cinemas and theaters around the world had been sold out.

It was not even July 7th, but the first-day box office had been locked in.

The entire Hua Xia, including China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, had a first-day box office of 30 million US dollars. This was because all the screens had been included.

Japan and Korea had a first-day box office of 12 million US dollars, with Japan accounting for about 70%.

America and Canada had a first-day box office of 60 million US dollars.

Four European countries had a first-day box office of more than 8 million US dollars.

The movie had not even been released, and the first-day box office had already exceeded 100 million US dollars.

The whole world was shocked.

The cinemas were also very good at scheduling. They had almost done everything they could to arrange the most resources for "Flying Tigers" during this period.

The summer period was a very competitive period.

However, in this period, "Flying Tigers" dominated.

It was said that the publicity of "Flying Tigers" had caused many publicity teams of movies that were released at the same time or recently to collapse.

The reason was that Li Mu had used the resources of the Internet to its peak.

The entire Internet was filled with advertisements for the movie.

And Li Mu's online ticketing system had been hanging the advertising for "Flying Tigers".

Almost all the cinemas around the world had put up promotional materials for "Flying Tigers". It was almost everywhere.

For the audience, their attention had been completely attracted by "Flying Tigers". After all, this movie had gathered too many eye-catching elements.

This made other movies beat their chests and stomp their feet, but there was nothing they could do. They could only be cannon fodder for "Flying Tigers" during this period.

Hence, on July 7th.

"Flying Tigers" was officially released with the greatness and tenacity of the people of Hua Xia in World War II!