Chapter 1217

Li Mu's refusal was within Paul Keane's expectations.

Paul Keane himself was a businessman. He knew the universal values between businessmen. When businessmen negotiate, before they get a satisfactory price tag, they must decisively refuse, refuse, and refuse again, until the other side's price tag satisfied them.

Because of this point of view, Paul Keane did not have any dissatisfaction with Li Mu's refusal. Instead, he said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, I'm very sorry. My disappointing son's way of doing things is a bit inappropriate. But his ability is still unquestionable. If he is in charge of 3321 in the US, he will definitely be able to achieve results that you are satisfied with."

After that, Paul Keane added, "If his ability really can't satisfy you, then it's fine to just let him hold the title of general manager. For me and the entire Keane family, our core requirement is to let him gain enough reputation and influence through the 3321 project. Mr. Lee, you should understand this the best."

Paul Keane was right. Li Mu had done a lot of projects. The scale, valuation, and significance of these projects were all different. But in terms of price-performance ratio alone, no project could compare to 3321.

3321 was a simple webpage product, but it not only cultivated a payment product like Alipay for Li Mu, but also brought Li Mu a strong enough public base and political capital. It even brought him a very high reputation and influence worldwide. It could be said that 3321 laid the foundation for Li Mu's entire business development. Without this foundation, it would be difficult for him to develop all the way to this point.

Li Mu said to Paul Keane, "Mr. Keane, because I have a deep understanding of the importance of 3321, I can't allow others to arbitrarily interfere with and affect the development of 3321. I can take out 3321 to cooperate with countries all over the world, but all cooperation must follow my core position of 3321. If anyone tries to change 3321, or make 3321 deviate from my track, then no matter who he is, I will not let him continue to stay in 3321, let alone continue to bring any substantial influence to 3321."

Paul Keane nodded in understanding, and said apologetically, "James is still young, lacks social experience, and does things arbitrarily. In the process of advancing 3321's project, he has done a lot of inappropriate things. For this, I apologize to Mr. Lee on his behalf."

Speaking of this, Paul Keane changed the topic and said, "To be honest, I personally think that the significance of 3321 for you, Mr. Lee, has basically achieved the maximum. In other words, 3321 has reached a bottleneck period, and its subsequent development is difficult to continue to increase your influence. In this case, I personally think that Mr. Lee can completely use 3321 as a kind of external resource to exchange for more benefits for you and your other industries."

Paul Keane observed Li Mu's expression, hoping to see a slight change in Li Mu's expression, but to his surprise, this young man in his early twenties had been maintaining an inscrutable look. He couldn't guess and judge what he was thinking at the moment from the subtle changes in his facial expression.

Without figuring out Li Mu's routine, Paul Keane couldn't constantly adjust and optimize his lobbying methods. He could only say to Li Mu with uncertainty, "If Mr. Lee can help the Keane family in this matter, and let James gain enough influence in the 3321 project, the Keane family will certainly remember this kindness, and will certainly give corresponding returns to Mr. Lee in various ways in the future."

Li Mu looked at Paul Keane with a smile, his fingers gently tapping on the table, and said unhurriedly, "Mr. Keane may have misunderstood. The significance of 3321 in my mind is not to obtain so-called greater influence for me, its significance is to help more students solve the economic difficulties they face in their studies and lives."

After that, Li Mu said with a serious face, "I will not allow anyone, including myself, to use 3321 to fish for fame, and this naturally includes your son James Keane. So I am sorry, I can't help you in this matter."

Paul Keane originally thought that, given the Keane family's political influence in the United States, as long as he came forward and expressed goodwill to Li Mu, Li Mu would certainly rush to cooperate with him. But he never thought that Li Mu would be so stubborn. No matter how he persuaded, Li Mu didn't seem to buy it, which made his proud heart extremely angry.

Paul Keane suppressed the anger in his heart and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Lee, I think you are an outstanding businessman, and the most important skill of an outstanding businessman is to learn to judge the situation. Refusing the kindness of others may satisfy you for a moment, but the bad influence it brings will probably continue to bring you unnecessary trouble, so I hope Mr. Lee can think twice."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Mr. Keane, I think that if you want to be an outstanding businessman, you must first be a real man. A real man will never become a follower of the situation. This is my principle, so I don't need to think too much. My answer is still: No!"

Paul Keane frowned and his attitude suddenly became much colder. He said in a warning tone, "Mr. Lee, being on good terms with the Keane family can bring you many unexpected benefits, but being on bad terms with the Keane family will also bring you many unexpected losses. I hope you don't act on impulse. As an experienced man, I warn you that in the face of interests, there will never be principles, only prices!"

Li Mu squinted at Paul Keane and asked curiously, "You said you are an experienced man. I want to ask, what is your definition of an experienced man?"

Paul Keane didn't know why Li Mu asked this, and said in a bad tone, "The definition of an experienced man is that he has experienced more than you and knows more than you do."

"I see."

Li Mu suddenly understood and nodded. He smiled and said, "If I remember correctly, hundreds of generations of the Keane family have worked hard for hundreds of years to create a huge industry worth more than 10 billion US dollars today. Am I right?"

Paul Keane said very proudly, "Yes, the Keane family has a very long history and foundation in the United States. Our influence has long been deeply rooted in this land!"

Li Mu's expression suddenly became contemptuous. He snorted and said, "You have worked hard for generations, hundreds of people, and hundreds of years only to get to this point today. But I alone used two years to create an industry on the same scale as the Keane family, and even more valuable than you. In terms of efficiency, I am many times better than you. What qualifications do you have to impart your experience to me as an experienced man?

If one of us is destined to learn from the other, then the one who needs to learn from the other is not me, but you! "

Before saying these words, Li Mu's conversation with Paul Keane had been based on politeness and politeness. Paul Keane was also used to the low-key, modest, and introverted style of people like Li Mu from Hua Xia. But Li Mu suddenly released all the introverted sharpness. The huge contrast between before and after suddenly made Paul Keane somewhat unable to accept it.

However, what Li Mu said was not wrong at all.

The entire Keane family, after so many years of hard work, only had a scale of ten billion US dollars. But Li Mu's current valuation was already worth tens of billions of US dollars. Once all the industries were taken out for sale, the final value would probably be much higher than that of the Keane family. In this case, the entire Keane family could not be compared with Li Mu, let alone Paul Keane of the Keane family.

Paul Keane did not expect that the slap in the face would come so suddenly. All of a sudden, he was a little dumbfounded by Li Mu's words. He did not know how to respond, let alone how to refute.

Li Mu, who should have taken off long ago, had long been annoyed to death after listening to him talk for a long time for no reason. Originally, Li Mu wanted to subtly refuse the other side and let the other side retreat. He did not expect that the other side not only did not have any self-awareness, but also began to show off more and more. It was a miracle that Li Mu's gentlemanly demeanor could persist until now when he was forced to show off in front of a person whose actual value may not even be one-tenth of his own.

Just when Paul Keane was speechless, Li Mu continued to release a powerful lethality. He looked at Paul Keane and said coldly, "Mr. Keane, now is the age of the Internet, so please don't use the old imperialist way to talk about cooperation with others."

"Let's take a step back. Let's not talk about the fact that it's impossible for me to exchange 3321 with you. Even if I'm willing to exchange 3321 with you, I won't be fooled by your empty words. You're overestimating yourself if you think that you can trick me with just a few words!

If I can be fooled by a few words of yours, how can I create the industry I have today?

Do you think my tens of billions of US dollars came from the wind? "

"You …" Paul Keane looked at Li Mu with a red face, as if all his clothes had been stripped off and all his cards had been seen by Li Mu.

Paul Keane, who was ashamed and angry, knew that since Li Mu had said this, the cooperation with 3321 was no longer possible. So his so-called gentlemanly demeanor disappeared in an instant. He stood up and said to Li Mu angrily, "Mr. Li, I give you a piece of advice. Sometimes you have to be humble!

Don't be too arrogant!

There are some people you can't afford to offend! "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "When your value surpasses mine, come and share your experience with me. Before that, no matter what you say, in my eyes, it is just the fantasy of a loser."