Chapter 189

Kong Lingyu had been extremely busy recently. Ever since he arrived in Yanjing, he hadn't been idle for even a moment. This was because his responsibilities in Yanjing were much more than when he was in Jinling. In Jinling, he was in charge of a technical team and led everyone to develop according to Li Mu's requirements. But now, he was acting as the general manager of Makino Technology. All of a sudden, there were a lot of things that he needed to pay attention to, understand, and even operate.

Fortunately, with Lin Ching-ah's help, he was able to maintain order amidst the chaos. He didn't get messed up by so many complicated things.

On Saturday, Kong Lingyu had just finished contacting the technical staff of Baidu. In the future, the daily maintenance of 3321 would be transferred to Baidu. He had one less thing to do. He planned to put aside his best technology for the time being and quickly work with Lin Ching-ah to come up with the company's articles of association and performance appraisal. In addition, there was also the problem of staff recruitment. Although Lin Ching-ah had already planned the new department structure, the company was still in a state of urgent need for talent. These problems had to be solved quickly so that Makino Technology could truly be on the right track.

On Sunday, Kong Lingyu originally planned to stay at home to sort out the performance appraisal plan. However, he received a call from Li Mu and said, "Come to Yucheng Garden, I have something to talk to you about."

As soon as Kong Lingyu heard his tone, he guessed that there must be a new mission coming. Although he felt bitter in his heart, there was a kind of anticipation and excitement in his bones, as if he was on a pilgrimage.

He had long regarded Li Mu as his only beacon in the Internet world and the only guide on his career path. Therefore, he had always been looking forward to what new things Li Mu had that could open his eyes.

Therefore, he took his laptop and took a taxi to Yucheng Garden.

In Li Mu's living room, he heard Li Mu talk about the blueprint of "Alipay" for the first time.

Kong Lingyu's first impression was that this blueprint was not big. It was just a means of online payment. Now that 3321 was so popular, it had become a strong demand for parents. In this case, no matter how troublesome the payment system was, they would not have any complaints. Even if they had complaints, it would not affect their payment. Therefore, it seemed that concentrating so much effort on making an online payment platform seemed to be making a mountain out of a molehill.

Li Mu did not blame him for his lack of vision.

In fact, if anyone told the most basic payment model of Alipay, it would probably not receive much attention.

Nowadays, no companies would be interested in this kind of online payment platform because there was almost no demand for online shopping. The majority of online consumers were still online games, such as credit cards.

However, online games companies had long developed offline payment channels. Online payment was not very attractive to them, and they would not invest so much energy into such a thing.

Even the founder of Alipay, Boss Ma, would not look past the e-commerce industry to see the development prospects of Alipay. Moreover, Alipay's early positioning was only a tool to enhance the trust of Taobao users. As for this "tool" becoming bigger and bigger, and finally, Alipay becoming a special aircraft carrier in the Internet industry that was full of cash, it was mostly unintentional.

Li Mu could not tell him that the payment platform was just a means to gather users and bind users' habits. In the future, he wanted nearly half of the flow of funds on the Internet to go through Alipay. He also wanted Alipay to be paired with a huge e-commerce platform, such as Taobao. He even wanted to become a major shareholder of Jingdong before it became big. Finally, Alipay would become a super financial platform with a huge amount of funds.

Even Li Mu himself could not guarantee that he could really make Alipay work. He thought that this kind of thing needed to be considered and had too many scruples, and it was too easy to be controlled by the government.

After seeing Li Mu's product framework, Kong Lingyu was also a little worried and said, "These are all wishful thinking on our part. If the bank is not willing to open this interface for us, everything we do will be in vain."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Anything else? Go on."

Kong Lingyu said, "I don't know what to say. After all, you're the boss. Although I don't think many of the things you've done in the past are possible, your successes have given me absolute information about you. However, this time, it seems a little different. Compared to the bank, we're too small. I don't doubt the Alipay model, but the links that Alipay needs to get through."

Li Mu smiled and said, "You are right. If you compare Makino Technology to the banking system, it is basically the difference between a sesame seed and a watermelon. Not to mention the four big banks, even if it is other commercial banks, we are far inferior to them."

Hearing this, Kong Lingyu also frowned. Yes, how could they establish cooperation with the bank?

If they could not solve this layer, the Alipay project would not be able to be implemented.

At this time, Li Mu changed the topic. With 70% confidence and 30% mockery, he asked, "But let me ask you a question. Why do we have to deal with the entire banking system?"

Kong Lingyu was dumbfounded. "What do you mean?

Cooperate with one of the banking brands alone? "

"No."

Li Mu shook his head. "Cooperate directly with the lowest level branches. For example, there is an Industrial and Commercial Bank of China's Renmin University branch downstairs."

"Cooperate with them?!" Kong Lingyu was even more confused.

Li Mu nodded and smiled. He took out a piece of A4 paper, drew a cloud shape on it, and wrote the words "Alipay". Then, he drew a circle on the lower left corner and wrote "3321". Finally, he drew a circle on the lower right corner and wrote "Yan Jing Branch".

After drawing all these, Li Mu repeatedly drew circles on the circle of 3321 and explained to Kong Lingyu, "We can now attract the cash of 5,000 paying parents. On average, it is no less than 5 million a month. This is only the initial stage of 3321. In the future, we will double this number. We may also go to Shanghai and Guangzhou to carry out the 3321 business. It may only take half a year for us to absorb more than 10 million a month."

As he spoke, Li Mu drew an arrow from the circle of 3321 to the cloud of Alipay and said, "Previously, I directly transferred this money to the bank account, but I don't want to do that now. I want to put this money into Alipay. For any branch, this money represents huge benefits and performance. If I promise to deposit this money in their bank for a week or half a month, what do you think they will think of me?"

Kong Lingyu's eyes lit up. "They will worship you as the God of Wealth."

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded and drew another arrow from the cloud of Alipay to the circle of a certain branch in Yan Jing. He said, "With such a huge flow of funds deposited in our Alipay, I can choose to deposit this money in any bank. If I use this to discuss cooperation with them, I believe no branch will refuse. And I don't need them to really pay anything. The only thing I need to do is to open up an online payment merchant for me. For example, as long as one of the ICBC banks opens up an online payment merchant for me, then all the ICBC online banking users in the country can use this channel to pay for Alipay or withdraw cash from Alipay!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu slapped the A4 paper in high spirits. His fingertip pointed at 3321, and with an unfathomable expression, he said, "Don't forget, I have 3321, the gold-lettered signboard. Now that 3321 is so famous, anyone who gets close to him will benefit. Do you think any bank will reject me?

If in the future, 3321 can be reported positively by Hua Xia on CCTV, then everything will be even better!

This is called moving a thousand kilograms with little effort and using as many resources as possible! "

Kong Lingyu's mind buzzed.

Until now, he didn't think that Alipay would have much development prospects in the future. However, Li Mu's method of moving a thousand kilograms with little effort had opened him up to a whole new world.

Just now, he was still struggling with whether it was 3321, Alipay, or Makino Technology. Even if the three of them were packaged together, in front of any banking system, they were so weak that they could be ignored. In this case, how could they open up the entrance to this layer of funds?

However, Li Mu didn't think like this. He never thought about how small he was in front of the four big banks or any commercial banks. Because he already had his own calculations. All he wanted was a payment merchant that was recognized by the bank. As long as he opened up an entrance in any bank, it was equivalent to connecting the entire network of the bank.

To put it simply, it was like a POS machine. As long as he applied for a POS machine, he could connect his own card payment merchant with the bank cards of all the banks in the country.

For Li Mu, this operation method could be said to be his biggest reliance on Alipay. However, he still didn't hide it from Kong Lingyu. Because he not only needed Kong Lingyu to help him write code, but also needed Kong Lingyu to grow and improve quickly in time to become a general who could help him. Therefore, he must teach him many things and let him realize the operating mode of the future Internet world, so that he could be more sensitive and stronger.

Kong Lingyu's admiration for Li Mu had once again sublimated to a new height. Following such a monstrous boss, his potential progress and improvement was something that he had never imagined before. Moreover, Li Mu was a boss who knew how to share profits. When Series A had just been launched, he had already given Kong Lingyu the option of Makino Technology. Compared with many bosses who only gave their employees benefits, a boss like Li Mu was too rare.