Chapter 800

Li Mu's cooking skills were much better than Chen Wan's.

A braised pork ribs, a cauliflower stir-fried pork, a boiled kale, and a crucian carp tofu soup. Although they couldn't be compared to the professional chefs in restaurants, they were meticulous and meticulous. Therefore, the taste was not bad, but it also had a special warmth.

Chen Wan added a little more water to the rice, but it was basically formed, so it was not a big deal.

They sat facing each other, and Chen Wan tasted all the dishes and soup. Li Mu asked her, "Are you satisfied with the taste?"

Chen Wan nodded repeatedly, "I can't be more satisfied."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Eat more if you are satisfied. A busy person like me probably only cooks one meal a year. You should cherish it."

Chen Wan smiled and said, "Of course I will cherish it. If I can't finish it, I will come back to heat it up after I send you to the airport."

Li Mu smiled and asked her, "When are you going back to Xiangdu?"

Chen Wan said, "I'm not busy these days. I won't be recording next week. Super Girl is starting the promotion, so I have nothing to do for now. So I want to rest for a few more days. My dad said that he has nothing to do recently, so we plan to go to Thailand for a few days."

Li Mu nodded and thought of the decision he made last night. He asked her, "Are your and Kexuan's families in the real estate business?"

Chen Wan said, "Not just us. All four of our families have something to do with real estate. Ye Tianming's family is the biggest. My dad is mainly in the building materials business. He has been following my uncle for the past few years and participated in some of his projects."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I think you probably can't go to Thailand. You'd better prepare to go to Yan Jing next week."

Chen Wan put down her chopsticks and looked at Li Mu. She asked curiously, "Why can't I go to Thailand?

Why are you going to Yan Jing next week?

Do you have time to accompany me?

If you have time to accompany me, I will go back with you tonight. "

Li Mu touched his nose and said, "I may not have much time to accompany you next week. As for why you can't go to Thailand, it is because my uncle will most likely decide to go to Yan Jing next week."

Chen Wan asked in surprise, "My dad?"

Li Mu nodded.

Chen Wan asked, "Why did my dad suddenly decide to go to Beijing?"

Li Mu said, "It's a secret for now. You can wait for him to tell you personally. When the time comes, you can come with me. I'll be in charge of entertaining him."

Chen Wan was a little confused by Li Mu's mysterious words. She wanted to get to the bottom of it, but she felt that it would ruin the mood, so she smiled and said, "Alright then. If it's really like what you said, then I'll accompany him to Yanjing to freeload a meal with you."

"Alright, you're welcome anytime. Although I'll be very busy in the near future, I probably won't leave Beijing."

In the future, Li Mu not only had to deal with the daily work of Makino Technology and Taobao, but he also had to follow up on the construction of Taobao's logistics. At the same time, he had to wait for the policy to be released. The e-commerce legislation would definitely take a long time, but "computers entering the city" shouldn't be far away. Together with the price advantage brought by Taobao's Shenzhou computers, he would have to push a wave of Shenzhou desktop computers.

Boss Lei was still considering the offer on the Outstanding Web, but Li Mu believed that he would give him a reply soon, and it was very likely that he would agree to Li Mu's purchase offer. With Taobao's current size, it would not be difficult for them to swallow up the Outstanding Web, especially since Boss Lei was a smart man and could judge the situation better.

In contrast, if he wanted to swallow up Dangdang, it would definitely not be easy. This was because Li Mu knew that Li Guoqing was a person who loved to take advantage of others. Unfortunately, Li Guoqing himself had been suffering from constipation for a long time. To deal with a rash person like him, swallowing up Li Guoqing was basically impossible. The only way was to bite him to death.

In addition to the internet, the real estate industry also needed to set the tone and cooperation guidelines as soon as possible. This was also the reason why Li Mu said that Chen Wan couldn't go to Thailand. If Ye Tianming, Zhang Kexuan, and Chen Wan's family knew about the decision that he and Song Liang made last night, they would definitely rush to Beijing immediately.

In summary, Li Mu had a lot of work to do next. However, the only good thing was that he didn't need to run around by himself.

…

When Li Mu and Chen Wan were eating together, Song Liang was in Ye Youdao's office and drinking tea with him.

The tea was high-quality Pu 'er tea that Song Liang asked someone to buy. He knew that Ye Youdao liked it, so he asked someone to help him find a good tea brick when he was in Beijing. Today, he specially brought it over.

Ye Youdao tasted the tea that Song Liang brought. He was full of praise for the tea and Song Liang's development in the past year. He said, "Liangzi, I'm really impressed by the speed of your development this year!"

Even Ye Youdao couldn't believe that Song Liang could actually achieve so much in such a short period of time.

First of all, he was a shareholder of Makino Technology. Although his share was small, the actual market value was already very high. He even created all the assets that Song Liang had worked hard for over ten years. Considering that Song Liang invested in Series A, there was a huge investment return ratio. Therefore, overall, this investment was even more successful.

In addition to Makino Technology, Song Liang had an even more impressive industry, which was Yan Jing Wanying.

Yan Jing Wanying was now a legendary enterprise that everyone in the real estate industry in Hua Xia knew about. It had billions of cash in hand, seven pieces of land in Beijing, and three large buildings that were about to be completed in Shanghai. It was simply amazing.

In terms of net worth, Song Liang was now infinitely close to Ye Youdao. Once these seven pieces of land and three buildings were realized, Song Liang's net worth would definitely surpass Ye Youdao. His future development speed would be even faster, and Ye Youdao would not be able to catch up at all.

At this moment, facing Ye Youdao's endless praise, Song Liang just said modestly, "Boss Ye, to put it bluntly, my development in the past year was all thanks to Li Mu. It was he who wanted me to work with him. Otherwise, I would still be working hard in Haizhou, and it would be impossible for me to make such great progress."

Ye Youdao nodded and sighed softly, "Li Mu is simply an unparalleled genius. When I first heard of this person, he was still giving ideas to Tianming's band. At that time, I felt that this guy was quite good at doing things, but I didn't expect that he would be so strong …"

Song Liang also said with emotion, "At that time, you told me that Li Mu was the behind-the-scenes promoter of Tianming's band. He knew business and the Internet, and his future was limitless. That was why I paid attention to him. The window that Li Mu gave me was only two months during that summer vacation. If I didn't seize the opportunity in those two months, I wouldn't be in this situation today. In the end, it was all thanks to your advice, Boss Ye."

Ye Youdao was slightly stunned and was speechless for a moment.

Facing Song Liang, his mood was actually quite complicated.

Now Song Liang was definitely better than his master. This not only made Ye Youdao proud of him, but also made Ye Youdao feel ashamed at the same time. Moreover, he was also very clear that Song Liang's rapid development basically depended on Li Mu. When he thought that his son Ye Tianming met Li Mu earlier, and that he discovered the potential of Li Mu earlier, and even Song Liang met Li Mu through Ye Tianming, but in the end, it was him who benefited greatly from Li Mu and became Li Mu's core partner. Ye Youdao couldn't help but feel a little regretful and envious.

Sometimes, seizing an opportunity was more useful than working hard for decades. If you don't believe it, look at yourself and then look at Song Liang. This was the most obvious example.

Seeing that Ye Youdao didn't speak, Song Liang guessed that his mood must be particularly complicated at the moment. So he put down the teacup, looked at Ye Youdao, and said very respectfully, "Boss Ye, I talked with Li Mu yesterday and reached a basic consensus. I want to take out four of our seven pieces of land in Yanjing for cooperative development."

When Ye Youdao heard this, he almost couldn't hold the teacup in his hand.

He knew that Yanjing Wanying had seven pieces of golden land in Yanjing. He also thought that if he could get even one piece of land from Wanying, he would also have the opportunity to expand his business to Yanjing and open up a situation in Yanjing. However, he never thought of talking to Song Liang. On the one hand, it was because of his pride, but more importantly, it was because of his estimation of Li Mu.

Ye Youdao didn't know that Li Mu's ambition was commercial real estate, so he always thought that with Li Mu's way of doing things, since he had tried everything to get the seven pieces of land, he would definitely find a way to develop all seven pieces of land at the same time. He definitely wouldn't take out the land to cooperate with other real estate developers.

And Ye Youdao was also very clear that Wanying's major strategy must be decided by Li Mu. If it was something that Li Mu decided, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to solve it with Song Liang at all, so he had never talked to Song Liang about it.

However, he never thought that Song Liang would actually say that Li Mu was willing to take out four pieces of land to cooperate with him. This was simply unbelievable.

However, Ye Youdao immediately realized that there was a huge opportunity in this. Four pieces of land, four of the most popular golden land in Yanjing. If he could get one, he could usher in the opportunity to break the deadlock of the development of Youdao Architecture!

Ye Youdao really wanted to directly ask Song Liang if he could give himself a chance, but he still swallowed the words that were on the tip of his tongue. He pretended to be calm and asked Song Liang, "Why doesn't Li Mu develop it himself?"

Song Liang said, "Our energy is limited. Li Mu thinks that we can develop at most three pieces of land ourselves."

Ye Youdao frowned, "Why?

If you want, a lot of construction companies will come to participate in the bidding. You have enough funds, and it's not a big problem to develop all of them yourself. "

Song Liang smiled slightly and said, "Li Mu's future plan is to focus on commercial real estate. Personally, he is not very optimistic about residential real estate, so he doesn't want to invest too much energy."

Ye Youdao frowned even tighter, "The market space of residential real estate is endless. Why isn't he optimistic?"

Song Liang knew that he couldn't talk more with Ye Youdao, otherwise he would reveal Li Mu's plan and layout in commercial real estate, so he smiled and said, "This is Li Mu's strategic position. I don't quite understand it, but the strategy I have set for myself now is to listen to the strategy he has set. I will follow the smart people and not question the smart people's decisions."

Ye Youdao nodded very seriously, and then asked, "How does Li Mu want to cooperate with us to develop it?

Do you think Youdao Architecture has a chance? "

Song Liang smiled slightly and said, "Li Mu thinks that Wanying can only develop three pieces of land itself. The government has stipulated that the remaining four pieces must be started within a year, so the best way is to take them out and cooperate with other real estate developers."

As he spoke, Song Liang deliberately paused and said, "As for the possibility of cooperation with Youdao Architecture, in fact, we had an in-depth discussion last night. Li Mu already has a preliminary plan. He wants to split the four pieces of land into two, give the largest two pieces to Youdao Architecture, and give the remaining two pieces to Mr. Zhang and his brother-in-law, Mr. Chen."