Chapter 115

On the tenth day of military training, Li Mu suddenly heard some shocking news: Hu Zhengdao had actually gotten together with a cute girl from Han Xiaoxiao's dormitory.

Li Mu had a slight impression of that girl. Her name was Wang Yanan. She wasn't too tall, only 1.6 meters. She had big eyes and bangs. Although her looks were ordinary, she did look quite cute.

Li Mu asked his roommates in astonishment, "What did I miss?

Everyone is training together every day. How did the Righteous Path suddenly fall in love? "

The one who was most familiar with the inside story was Li Yawei. He smiled and said, "The Righteous Path is so arrogant. Every day, after training, she would disappear. Later, I heard from my wife that he would ask her out to walk the streets every day. When he had nothing to do, he would even write her a love letter. After a few times, the two of them got together."

Sun Jian sighed. "The Righteous Path has good methods. That Chen Qiao that I like doesn't seem to be very interested in me …"

Chen Qiao was the short-haired girl from Han Xiaoxiao's dormitory. Her looks and figure were passable. Although she wasn't very beautiful, her temperament was quite good.

Li Yawei smiled. "Boss, I asked my wife to help you ask. She said that she sees you as a brother. After asking, she said that she actually likes people like Li Mu."

Sun Jian looked at Li Mu and touched his face. "Sigh, I can't blame others if I'm not handsome enough. But you guys say, this matter is really messed up. I like her, she doesn't like me, but I like Li Mu. But Li Mu doesn't like her either. In the end, it's just like drawing water with a wicker basket."

After saying that, he looked at Hu Zhengdao and sighed. "The Righteous Path has good methods. They got it in ten days."

Xue Jianfeng came out of the toilet with a cigarette in his mouth. He asked Hu Zhengdao, "What's the progress of the Righteous Path?"

Hu Zhengdao scratched his head in embarrassment. "We just held hands. On the way back to the dormitory, I wanted to kiss her, but she didn't let me."

"The monkey is a little impatient."

Li Yawei pointed her finger at Hu Zhengdao and smiled. "I've been with my wife for two to three years, and I've only just conquered my upper body. The two of you have only been together for a few days, and you already want to kiss her? Don't scare her."

Hu Zhengdao smiled awkwardly. "I was indeed too impatient."

Li Yawei poked her head out from the upper bunk and looked at Li Mu, who was lying on the lower bunk. She smiled and said, "Li Mu, how's your progress with Zhao Ziqiu these days?"

Li Mu said, "We haven't been in contact for the past few days."

Li Yawei rolled her eyes at him. "My wife told me that when Zhao Ziqiu sent you a message, you told her a joke and sent her away. After that, you didn't reply at all, right?"

Li Mu thought about it carefully. It was indeed like that. However, he didn't do it on purpose. At that time, he was eating supper and drinking beer with Su Yingxue and Zhao Kang.

At this time, Li Yawei said again, "Zhao Ziqiu's birthday is on the 22nd of September. She said that she's going to treat everyone in our dormitory to a meal. Are you going?"

Li Mu asked, "Are all of you going?"

Li Yawei smiled and said, "I'll definitely go. The Righteous Path will definitely go too. The rest of you, hurry up and say what you want."

Sun Jian raised his hand. Xue Jianfeng also raised his hand. Liu Nian hesitated for a moment and also raised his hand.

Li Mu said, "Alright then, let's go together."

Li Yawei smiled and said, "It's settled then."

…

Recently, Li Mu had been exercising a little too much. During the day, he had military training, at the gym in the evening, and after that, he would go swimming. With such intense training, his body had lost three kilograms in just ten days. However, Li Mu could feel that his muscles were getting tighter and his stamina was a lot stronger than before. The effects of the exercise were starting to show, and he began to be more enthusiastic about it.

From Xue Jianfeng's point of view, Li Mu seemed to be spoiling things through excessive enthusiasm. He told Li Mu that he didn't have to train with machines every day, because high-intensity training could easily cause muscle and ligament damage. Therefore, he had to control his time reasonably. Every three to five hours of training with machines was enough. Too much of it would be harmful to his health.

After hearing that, Li Mu changed his routine. He would train with machines every other day, and when he didn't train with machines, he would run or ride a sports bike. As for swimming, he had never fallen behind, because for him, swimming could help him relax after training.

It was a Saturday, and there were a lot more people in the swimming pool than usual in the evening. There were a total of five swimming lanes in the school's swimming pool, and four of them were crowded with people. Moreover, it could be seen from their swimsuits that most of them didn't know how to swim. Most of them were wearing casual swimsuits, and even the swimsuits that the girls were wearing were obviously the style of going to the beach. Moreover, few of them were wearing swimming caps and goggles, so it was obvious that they were here for fun.

At present, there were only a few fast Taoists on the far right side. In addition, the speed of the people on this lane was slightly faster, so it was quite relaxed. Therefore, Li Mu swam back and forth on this lane in a freestyle style.

At this time, there was a burst of whistles in the swimming pool. When Li Mu swam to the side of the pool and was about to turn around, a white foot suddenly stretched out in front of him. The foot was hanging right in front of his head, and it was about to hit him. Li Mu turned over in a hurry and looked up. A woman in a Speedo was sitting by the side of the pool, shaking one foot and looking at him with a smile on her face.

"Zhao Ziqiu?"

Although Zhao Ziqiu was wearing a swimming cap and her long hair was coiled inside, which made her look a little strange, Li Mu still recognized her. Zhao Ziqiu's facial features gave him 60% of the clues. The remaining 40% came from her slender and white legs and the surging waves that could not be hidden in the swimsuit.

Seeing that Li Mu recognized her, Zhao Ziqiu giggled and said, "Long time no see."

Li Mu nodded and asked curiously, "Why did you come to our school to swim?"

Zhao Ziqiu tilted her head to look at Li Mu, pursed her lips and smiled. She proudly rolled her eyes but did not speak. However, this series of expressions was full of charm. Although she was only nineteen years old, her charm was not inferior to any mature woman of twenty-four or twenty-five years old. With just a look, she even made Li Mu, whose heart had experienced many vicissitudes, palpitate.

It was not that he lacked self-control, but he was in the water and looked up at Zhao Ziqiu like this. It was really difficult for him to maintain his composure.

Zhao Ziqiu's facial features were beautiful and delicate. When she put on the swimming cap, her facial features were revealed without any cover or decoration. She was originally impeccable, and with her white and flawless skin, she was even more perfect.

However, when a woman wore a swimsuit, the most important thing was her figure. However, Zhao Ziqiu's figure was better than her appearance.