Chapter 1316

Li Mu had a clear position for himself regarding the SARS incident that was about to break out.

First of all, he was a private entrepreneur. Therefore, as a private entrepreneur, he would try his best to assist the country in dealing with the epidemic. During this process, he could not overstep his authority, nor did he have the ability to overstep his authority. He must clearly coordinate with the country.

Secondly, all actions involving the release of information to the public must be targeted. He must not spread any unconfirmed rumors or rumors. He must be loyal to the industry standards of YY as an online media.

Finally, based on the prerequisites of the first two points, he must do everything possible to remedy and restore the epidemic in his previous life. When necessary, he could bypass the relevant interest departments to act. After all, the interest departments were not equivalent to the country. Once the interest departments harmed the national interest, Li Mu, as a person who had been reborn and a citizen of Hua Xia, had the responsibility to recover the losses for the country.

With a clear position, a clear train of thought, and a clear plan, Li Mu made a layout plan for the upcoming battle and conveyed strategic ideas during the joint meeting between the two core teams of Makino Technology and Taobao Technology.

During this time, there were indeed more and more rumors about SARS among the people, and the impact was also getting bigger and bigger. Members of both teams realized that Li Mu's previous worries were about to come true. Thanks to Li Mu's foresight, Taobao was now prepared on the material level. Therefore, the odds of winning this battle were very high. Everyone was holding back their energy to fight a beautiful battle for the country and society as a whole. Therefore, the enthusiasm of the team was unprecedentedly high.

The second day of the meeting was Arbor Day on March 12th.

At the request of Li Mu, Makino Technology, Taobao Technology, and Alipay jointly donated 12 million yuan to the Northwest Afforestation Volunteer Organization. The company also donated ten saplings to the Northwest Afforestation Area in the name of each official employee. At the same time, YY sent a pop-up window to domestic users, calling everyone to pay attention to the desertification of the northwest and the importance of afforestation in the northwest. At the same time, they also called on everyone to contribute to the afforestation in the northwest.

This time, Makino Technology and Alipay cooperated in fundraising. Alipay specially set up an activity page "Donating for Afforestation in the Northwest". The page introduced the situation of afforestation in the northwest, as well as the real-time announcement of the total amount of donations and the information of the donors. This fundraising would last for 48 hours. After 48 hours, the donation channel would be closed. At the same time, all the amounts would be announced, and all the donations would be publicly donated to the "Hua Xia Greening Foundation" established by the country.

The first donation message was that Makino Technology had donated 5 million yuan. On the second day, the donation message was that Taobao Technology had donated 5 million yuan. Alipay had officially donated 2 million yuan because it had not made a direct profit for the time being.

After the news was pushed out, it immediately aroused enthusiastic and positive responses from netizens. Tens of thousands of netizens left messages at the bottom of the article, expressing their willingness to donate to afforestation with Makino Technology. Within an hour of the news being pushed out, more than 30,000 users had donated on Alipay's activity page. Excluding the 12 million from the three companies, the total amount of user donations had reached 700,000 yuan.

Li Mu did not pay attention to the afforestation donation activity. He was very clear about this kind of activity. It would be amazing to raise a few million yuan in 48 hours. The public's attention to this kind of public welfare was not high, unlike Immortal Veterans, which could touch the hearts of ordinary people through a series of promotion operations and visual presentation.

At this moment, Li Mu was at Makino Technology to understand the development process of YTunes with Fang Xudong. This was an important move for him to encircle and suppress Apple, so he did not dare to take it lightly.

Fang Xudong's feedback to Li Mu was that the development team was currently working hard on YTunes, and the estimated development time was mid-May to late July. Because Li Mu was in charge of the overall framework, the entire software was much better than iTunes in terms of product functions, UI design, user experience, ease of operation, and user-friendliness. After the development and testing was completed, they could directly use YY to launch it on a global scale.

Li Mu did not have much objection to this time node. He conveyed his intention to Fang Xudong: I hope to speed up, but it must be on the premise of ensuring the quality.

After talking with Fang Xudong, Li Mu suddenly received a call from Liu Shixiong. On the phone, Liu Shixiong said to Li Mu in a hurry, "It's released!

Just now, the WHO issued a global warning! "

Li Mu was stunned for a moment, then immediately reacted. He asked in surprise, "Is it related to this infectious disease?"

"That's right!"

Liu Shixiong panted and said, "Oh my god, I couldn't believe it at first. I confirmed it several times!

You're right! "

Speaking of this, Liu Shixiong said again, "It's only been a day, and the WHO issued a warning for the epidemic in our country and Southeast Asia. The officials call it infectious atypical pneumonia. The warning states that this disease is very contagious, and there is currently no practical and effective treatment method. Therefore, the WHO strongly recommends that countries that have suspected cases should isolate and treat the suspected patients. The warning also mentioned that according to the data currently available to the WHO, our country, Hua Xia, has the most suspected patients!"

Li Mu immediately said, "Senior, from now on, you and CEO Lei should be prepared at all times. Keep your mobile phones connected 24/7. I will now inform the person in charge of YY to write the relevant report and push it to YY nationwide as soon as possible!"

…

The relevant departments in charge of national health were in a terrible predicament at the moment.

The WHO suddenly issued a global warning was a sudden attack on the entire health system. Such a heavy blow sent the entire system into a panic.

At times like this, the system had to consider how to deal with the higher-ups and the lower-ups. How to reduce the responsibility of the higher-ups and how to reduce the impact on the lower-ups became the top priority at the moment.

Many traditional media outlets received relevant notices asking them not to report on the global warning issued by the WHO for the time being. However, no one expected that just twenty minutes after the WHO issued the news, YY would immediately send a pop-up message to users across the country!

Under normal circumstances, to ensure the user experience, YY would only do a pop-up notification once a day. It was rare for them to do it twice. Today, not long after the Arbor Day news popped up, a new notification suddenly popped up. This made all the users who had used YY for a while feel strange.

Almost all the online users looked at the bottom right corner of their computers, only to see a shocking title appear in the pop-up window.

"The World Health Organization has issued a global warning. Fatal infectious pneumonia is spreading in our country and Southeast Asia!"

World Health Organization. Global warning. Fatal, domestic, spread …

More than half of the words in this news were a little shocking to ordinary users!

However, that was the truth.

This news title did not embellish the World Health Organization's warning in any way. It was only translated into Chinese.

Users who were frightened by the title hurriedly clicked on the link. Among the tens of millions of online users, more than 60% clicked on the link immediately. It was clear how much attention the users paid to this news.

In the main article, the editor of YY quoted the original English text of the global warning from the WHO and then translated it word by word. Then, the editor reminded at the end of the article, "YY reminds all netizens: Please take personal protection measures and do not let your guard down. If you notice any signs of fever, please go to the hospital immediately!"

In the entire article, the only personal item was this simple reminder. Everything else was the original text and translation released by the WHO. However, even though it was so simple, this article still caused a huge sensation in an instant!

An infectious disease had arrived!?

It was so serious that even the International Health Organization had issued a global warning!

This was a global warning!

Just the word "global" alone was enough to show the seriousness of the situation. Once it was raised to the global level, it was almost at the highest level!

In many people's memory, this kind of global warning was almost unheard of!

What was worse was that this warning was happening in their own country, not in the distant Europe, America, or Africa!

In the past, everyone had seen the news of various infectious diseases breaking out in Africa, but most people did not feel any psychological pressure. After all, it did not happen at their own doorstep. At most, they would express some concern in their hearts. Naturally, they would not feel any pressure. However, this time it was different. This time, it really happened in Hua Xia!

The words "infectious atypical pneumonia" were instantly spread throughout the country through YY. The speed of public opinion was extremely fast. Tens of millions of people saw the news online, and in the blink of an eye, the news had reached hundreds of millions of people!

Li Mu's palms were sweating as he looked at the surveillance data. This time, YY's move could be said to be the first step in breaking down and rebuilding. If he did not spread the news immediately, once the relevant departments decided to weaken their influence, it was likely to repeat the mistakes of his previous life. Therefore, he had to spread the news before they could react, or at least before they thought of contacting YY.

Once the news was released, it would inevitably cause panic throughout the country and have a certain negative impact on society. However, Li Mu believed that this was the best time. If it was released too early, the negative impact of the panic might be greater than the epidemic. If it was released too late, it would be no different from the trajectory of his previous life. Only by releasing it at this best time could he make society panic.

If the society fell into a panic about the disease at this time, it could greatly enhance the people's awareness of self-defense. At the same time, it would put enough pressure on the relevant departments to quickly launch a large-scale epidemic prevention campaign and minimize the losses as much as possible. This was a responsibility to the whole society and to prevent losses for the whole society.

Apart from these, there were two main negative effects that panic would bring. One was the damage to the real economy. When people were afraid of the disease, all the real economy would inevitably suffer a cold winter. The attendance of cinemas might be greatly reduced, the business of entertainment venues might plummet, and the sales of food and beverage retail would also be greatly affected. However, in Li Mu's opinion, these were all expected. At this time, it was necessary to prevent large-scale gatherings of people as much as possible. In the face of social stability and the safety of one's family, it was completely understandable that the real economy would suffer for a period of time.

As for the second damage, he was afraid that it would be the rise in the prices of epidemic-related materials. When Hua Xia was invaded by Japan, even the national crisis could not stop those who wanted to make a fortune from it, let alone an epidemic in an era of peace. God knew how many small merchants and peddlers, as well as individuals who hoped to take the opportunity to make a small fortune, were doing their best to hoard materials, raise prices, and earn some dirty money for themselves. Therefore, after YY announced the global warning from the World Health Organization, the whole country would fall into a panic buying frenzy of epidemic-related materials. When that time came, the price would definitely skyrocket.