Chapter 856

In Li Mu's promotion plan, in addition to the normal full discount promotion, Li Mu also planned a large discount coupon campaign. A large discount was the easiest way to attract users, and it was easy to make users feel optimistic that they had a chance. This was the same as the lottery. Most people subconsciously felt that they had a high chance of winning the lottery. For the lottery, the overall behavior of users was very passive. However, instant kill and snatch coupons were different. Users were more active, so from a psychological point of view, they were more confident in instant kill and snatch coupons.

Li Mu decided to launch two types of large discount coupons for users to snatch and draw. Not only must there be 100,000 coupons for 199-100 every day, but there must also be 1,000 universal coupons for 199-198. This kind of coupons was meant to be a publicity stunt. As long as one could snatch it, they could buy any activity product. As long as the price reached 199, there would be a discount of 198. It was not only to attract users, but also to let a considerable number of users actually enjoy this benefit.

If the two types of coupons were released every day, but only a few hundred were actually released, it would be too unprofessional.

Sometimes, Li Mu really admired the boss and his team. They were very good at playing, and they were very cunning. Whether it was the one yuan instant kill before Double 11, the promotion on Double 11, or the so-called tens of billions of feedback, in fact, there were many traps and traps.

For example, the one yuan instant kill. There were only a few products for one yuan, and the quantity of each product was either one or more, and even if there were more, it would not exceed a single digit. However, they could use this mentality to trick millions of people or even more to participate. Even if there were suspicions of playing the users like monkeys, it had to be said that the boss did a very good job of doing the most things with the least amount of money.

There was also the Double 11. In the early years, the Double 11 was very deceptive. The product prices were not transparent. Some businesses temporarily raised the price to participate in the event, and the price on Double 11 was even higher than the usual price. Some companies launched so-called online special products. For example, some domestic clothing brands launched some online clothing. A down jacket was priced at 2,000 yuan, and there was a 50% discount of 1,000 yuan. They thought it was a good deal, but when they bought it, they found that whether it was the workmanship, materials, or the amount of down filling, it was not as good as the original price of 500 to 600 yuan. However, the consumers could not do anything about it because there was no reference for this style offline.

When it came to the tens of billions of feedback, it was even more deceptive. They received red packets worth thousands of yuan in one go, and the contents were all: Rolls-Royce 10000 coupons. This kind of thing treated the consumers as retarded, and then claimed to give the consumers a huge rebate of 10,000 yuan. What was this if not bullsh * t?

Of course, it was not only that boss. Later, many e-commerce companies also more or less learned from that boss. Since you play this way, then I will play this way too. If I don't play this way, no company will be willing to cooperate with me to do this kind of event. If I insist on doing it, then I will suffer a huge loss.

What Li Mu wanted to do was to put an end to this kind of deceit from the beginning. He wanted e-commerce to develop, popularize, and affect the lives of the majority of netizens in a healthy way.

Some people who liked to clean up the mess would say that although the original sin of a certain company had some bad effects, the bad effects were far less than the good effects it brought. Look at how many people it helped earn money and how many jobs it created?

Can you do it?

Can other people do it?

At first glance, this sounded a little reasonable. But after careful analysis, it was actually just acting smart and acting like a hooligan!

Why?

Why is the credit for the development of the industry all yours?

E-commerce is an inevitable product of the development of the Internet. Without your appearance, there will definitely be others doing it later. E-commerce is not your invention, nor is it your original creation. The model has long existed. It's just that you started in China early, and your methods are ruthless. Hua Xia E-commerce was started by you, and this is a great honor. But when you start, you have led the entire direction and culture astray. Is this also right?

If it was someone else who started Hua Xia E-commerce, and this person is more law-abiding than you, then the industry will also be given a healthy start. But because you did not abide by the rules, although the industry became big, is the model of the industry really healthy?

How many hidden problems are there in this?

In the student community, if someone relied on cheating to get first place, get the favor of teachers and parents, and get scholarships, a group of other students will definitely follow suit. Those who insist on relying on their own abilities will eventually be eliminated, and in the end, a large number of cheating students will emerge. Do you think there is no problem with such an academic atmosphere?

Can you say that this is the prosperity and role model of the academic world?

In the celebrity community, if someone relied on plastic surgery to gain a high popularity, get promoted to the A-list, and make a lot of money, other celebrities will definitely follow suit. In the end, the entertainment industry will settle down with a bunch of plastic surgery faces that only rely on their looks and not their acting skills. Those celebrities who do not have plastic surgery and rely on their acting skills will instead be relegated to the B-list or even C-list. When a capable actor acts with an idol actor, not only does the other party not rehearse the lines in advance, but he also only knows how to say numbers in front of the camera. Do you think there is no problem with such an atmosphere in the entertainment industry?

Can you say that this is a blessing for the industry?

There are too many other problems brought about by a crooked start, but they were later covered up by the temporary prosperity. It's just like a person who has made great contributions, but his sins are easily ignored, understood, and forgiven. This in itself is not in line with legal principles and logic.

For Li Mu, he does not know how much influence he will have in the future, but now that the domestic e-commerce industry started with him, he must think of all ways to do a good job in this opening and lead a healthy atmosphere. If the e-commerce industry's atmosphere from the very beginning was to dig holes and set traps for consumers, and to be ambiguous in the face of real and fake goods, then in order to survive under such unfair competition, the other e-commerce companies can only follow suit!

As the saying goes, the power of an example is endless.

Therefore, Li Mu repeatedly emphasized one point in the meeting: "The price of the promotion must be absolutely transparent. We must use the price of the regular stores as a reference standard, and the price will be the same as the regular stores. Similarly, we must do our full discount promotion on this basis. As for where the difference will come from, it will be up to all of you to discuss with the major companies, find a way to make up for it, or even go back and forth. Use our resources as much as possible in exchange for the cooperation of the companies. If the cooperation of the companies can't reach the intensity of our discount, at the same time, we will take out a portion of our own funds to make up for the difference, so that the consumers can truly experience the intensity of our discount. This is the most important thing."

As he said that, Li Mu used a very firm tone to say: "You must communicate with the companies well. In the cooperation with Taobao, there must not be any behavior of passing off shoddy goods as quality goods. At the same time, we must also strictly control the principles of the promotion. We must not arbitrarily raise the price of the products to save costs. If there are serious quality or fraud problems in this promotion, I will not be lenient, and I will not let it go!"

Li Mu said firmly and solemnly, which made everyone's expression turn cold. They could see that it seemed that this was what Li Mu paid the most attention to.

Lei Jianguo stared at this young man in front of him, who was only twenty years old, but was high-spirited and high-spirited in front of a group of middle-aged people. He was extremely amazed. If a company wanted to succeed, it must have a real leader, a leader who could shock the whole company from a professional point of view, a leader who could shock the whole company from a professional point of view. Obviously, Li Mu had this ability in Taobao. Everyone present, including himself, was under his control.

Li Mu said again: "The number of orders this time may greatly exceed the orders for our brand day. Also, the promotion will last for seven days, and the volume and weight of daily necessities are also much larger than electronic products. It can be foreseen that the pressure of logistics will be much greater than on the brand day. Therefore, we need to start preparing our logistics strength now."

"There is good news. Our self-built logistics has already started. We have already placed orders with many domestic and foreign companies. At the same time, we have poached management from other logistics companies to form a regional team. CEO Liu just signed the agreement with Jinling Iveco. Although we can't wait for the heavy trucks from Europe for this promotion, there are at least nearly a hundred Iveco trucks that can be put into use. Therefore, this time, our logistics capacity will be increased to a certain extent. However, our sorting center hasn't been built yet, and our own logistics management system hasn't been developed yet. Therefore, we still can't handle it ourselves. Like last time, we have to fully cooperate with EMS."

After that, Li Mu looked at Liu Shixiong and said: "CEO Liu, can you give everyone a detailed introduction of the logistics situation?"

Liu Shixiong said at this time, "Let me give everyone a brief introduction of the logistics situation. In the next half a month, relying on the basic teams we poached from major companies, we will set up temporary business outlets in most of the second and third tier cities in the country. Some of them may still be relatively simple, but please rest assured that in half a month, we will definitely have smooth transportation from the second and third tier cities to our city. Iveco will deliver a batch of vehicles in the near future, and when that time comes, they will be distributed to various cities. The main goal is to help EMS reduce the transportation pressure to a greater extent. I believe this force will still bring a great boost."

Liu Shixiong poached a lot of key executive power from major companies. With the temptation of greater benefits, they had begun to continuously rope in their original teams. Basically, they could continue to work for Taobao in their respective areas with a different name. However, this was something that even Boss Ma didn't know yet. Once the time was right, these forces would directly jump out of their previous shells and take drastic measures against Boss Ma.

Liu Shixiong's words made these people in charge of operating and docking with the companies breathe a sigh of relief. With such a huge investment of power, coupled with the strong cooperation of EMS, it shouldn't be a big problem to stabilize the entire logistics demand.