Chapter 1238

Li Mu and Wei Lan stayed in Kerry's room for a few minutes before they went straight to the airport. Before they arrived at the airport, the news had already been sent back to the White House. The chief of staff immediately felt completely relieved and his mood was especially good.

Li Mu's behavior proved that his control over him and the whole matter was completely correct. He analyzed Li Mu's attitude and chose the best and most labor-saving solution.

The other advisors and consultants around all praised the chief of staff's wise decision. They thought that it would be a sudden incident that would make everyone anxious and flustered, but in the end, the chief of staff solved the problem perfectly by making a little fuss about air traffic control.

A presidential adviser couldn't help but exclaim, "The chief of staff's move is really amazing. He solved the whole thing so easily. Kerry flew all the way from Washington, but he only met Li Mu for five minutes. I'm afraid he's going to die of depression now!"

The chief of staff laughed and said, "He flew back and forth for seven to eight hours just to meet Li Mu for five minutes. I'm afraid the person Kerry hates the most now is Li Mu."

As he said, the chief of staff added, "By the way, you have to keep a close eye on Li Mu. Make sure he arrives at the airport, makes sure he gets on the plane, makes sure he takes off. Report to me immediately if there are any updates."

"Understood!"

One person asked him, "Chief of staff, when are we going to send someone to Hua Xia to contact Li Mu?"

The chief of staff said, "I'm going to report to His Excellency the President now to see if he has any recommended candidates. The matter of going to Hua Xia to meet Li Mu is more sensitive. It's not appropriate to send someone from the White House. It would be best if the President has a better candidate outside the White House system. He can go in a private capacity and convey his intentions on behalf of the President."

Then, all of Li Mu's movements in the United States were within the monitoring range of the White House. The White House was thousands of kilometers away and almost had no delay in monitoring Li Mu's every move.

At six o 'clock in the evening, Li Mu arrived at the airport and passed through the VIP channel for quick security checks.

At 6: 20 am, Li Mu took the commercial car prepared for high-end business users at the airport and quickly headed for the business jet parking apron.

At 6: 30, Li Mu boarded the business jet that he had been renting for the past few days.

At 6: 40 am, the cabin door was closed and pushed out, and they lined up to take off.

At seven o 'clock sharp, the plane took off from the runway of Los Angeles Airport and flew all the way west to its destination, Yan Jing.

After Li Mu's plane took off, the think tanks of the Capitol were completely relieved. Almost at the same time, Kerry came out of the Los Santos hotel alone with a lonely expression. The CIB agent took a big close-up of his expression and then sent it back to the Capitol. Kerry's depressed and lonely appearance was printed by a Capitol staff with a color jet printer and made into a mask to wear on his face. For a time, he became the laughing stock of the entire staff.

After President Bush heard the whole process of the Chief of Staff handling the crisis, he greatly praised the Chief of Staff's operation. In his own words, this was an extremely intelligent solution, a typical example of using little effort to overcome a thousand pounds.

The President's praise was the greatest praise and reward for the Chief of Staff. Then the Chief of Staff said his next step and said, "Mr. President, from the matter of Li Mu targeting the Keane family this time, it can be seen that Li Mu now has great influence in the Western world, and he has an unparalleled advantage in the dissemination of information. I believe that Kerry also saw this, so he traveled thousands of miles to meet Li Mu. So, I think, for the sake of insurance, we should also strive for the support of Li Mu. Whether seeking re-election this time or seeking greater development after re-election, Li Mu is a very good partner!"

The President nodded in agreement and said with a smile, "The dispute between Li Mu and the Keane family this time seems to have a great impact on the Keane family, right?"

The Chief of Staff nodded and said, "Paul Keane is still stubbornly resisting. In order to absolve his son of responsibility, he wrote an article and published it, taking all the responsibility on himself. He also found a Silicon Valley lobbyist to pass on a message to Li Mu, hoping to shake hands with Li Mu, but I got the news that Li Mu has clearly rejected him."

The President laughed and said, "In terms of capital strength, after so many years of hard work, the Keane family can already enter the ranks of the top families besides the four big families. But now it seems that their efforts over the years are going to be in vain again. After offending Li Mu and causing such a big scandal, it is already a fool's dream to want to become a member of the top club."

The Chief of Staff agreed and said, "Yes, I am afraid that the Keane family's wish to go to the next level has been ruined."

As he said this, the Chief of Staff thought of something and said, "By the way, Your Excellency, I heard before that the reason why Paul Keane completely angered Li Mu was that he went to the airport to stop Li Mu's plane, and boarded the plane to threaten and entice Li Mu. The result was that he did not expect that he would provoke Li Mu instead."

The President shook his head and said with a smile, "Paul Keane is really stupid. In order to accumulate some resume capital for his son, he did not hesitate to offend Li Mu. He did not think that Li Mu became an Internet giant in less than two years. How could such a capable person be controlled by him? If Li Mu's things were so easy to rob, Li Mu would not be able to have such achievements today."

The Chief of Staff nodded. "Yes, it is said that he also brought a senator to put on an act at that time, but Li Mu did not buy it at all."

"Senator?" The President couldn't help but ask, "What's going on? Tell me about it."

The Chief of Staff said, "Maybe he wanted to show his political strength to Li Mu, so he brought a senator to stop Li Mu's plane."

The President's expression suddenly became a lot uglier, and he blurted out, "This stupid donkey!

If Li Mu accuses him of using public power for private purposes, it will be a great blow to the reputation of our government! "

The Chief of Staff said, "Li Mu did not expose the senator's matter. It should be because he also had his own considerations."

The President said, "It is because he has not been exposed that I scolded Paul Keane. If Li Mu exposed this matter, I have the heart to kill Paul Keane."

After that, the President said, "Go directly to the person in charge of the Keane family and tell him that if the news that Paul Keane brought a senator to stop Li Mu's plane is leaked, the Keane family will be completely removed from the Republican Party. I don't care what method he uses, he must ensure this for me. Otherwise, I will not spare him!"

"Okay." The Chief of Staff said, "I will go and call Todd Keane later."

As the Chief of Staff of the entire White House, he had a very detailed understanding of most of the large families in the United States. These families could provide the money and manpower needed for the campaign during the election. Not to mention other things, in terms of campaign funds, they basically all relied on the help of these large families. However, this did not hinder the President's absolute status in these families. There were not many families that could afford to offend the President, and they were all core members of the four major families.

The Chief of Staff said again, "Your Excellency, for our next cooperation with Li Mu, who do you think would be better to send Hua Xia to communicate with him?"

The President hesitated for a moment and said, "I have a college classmate who is very suitable for this. I will give him a call and see if he can make a trip to Hua Xia for me."

…

Twelve hours later, Li Mu's plane landed at Yan Jing International Airport. Because of the time difference, Li Mu took off at seven o 'clock in the evening local time. When he landed in Yan Jing, it was ten o' clock in the evening the next day, Hua Xia time.

Because they did not rest very well on the plane, after a twelve-hour flight, everyone was a little tired. Li Mu and Wei Lan returned to the villa in Ziyun Villa together, ready to take advantage of this tiredness to quickly have a good rest, sleep well, and wake up tomorrow morning. They did not even need to worry about the time difference.

On the way back to the villa, Li Mu, who looked tired, said to Wei Lan, "Tomorrow, I will go to see Chen Ze and talk to him about uncle's matter. I rarely have dealings with officials, so I will ask him for advice. Then, I will go to Shanghai and try to settle uncle's matter."

After Li Mu landed, the first thing he wanted to do was to help his father solve the problem, which made Wei Lan feel very warm. She just wanted to bury her head in Li Mu's arms like a little woman who was being cared for. However, because of the driver and bodyguards, she only thanked him very gratefully and then asked him, "I will go with you. I know a lot of details about this matter better than you."

Li Mu shook his head and said, "When it comes to asking for help, it's best for the person who owes him a favor to show up. Since I want to use a favor to exchange for this matter, it's better for me to go by myself. Otherwise, if I take you to ask for help and the other party agrees to help, not only will he think that I owe him a favor, but he will also think that you also owe him a favor. So it's better for me to communicate with him face to face. In this way, when the matter is resolved, he will not think that you also owe him anything."

Wei Lan felt that what Li Mu said made sense. If it was really Li Mu who brought her to the dinner table or the tea table to talk about her father's matter with the other party, it would indeed be two favors on the spot. It was not as simple and direct as him going alone.

Therefore, Wei Lan said, "Then I will accompany you to Shanghai. I will not go with you when you are dealing with business."

"Okay."

After returning to Ziyun Villa, Li Mu took a hot bath. Although he was tired, he could not fall asleep. Although a long time had passed since the press conference in Hollywood yesterday, the appearance of those veterans was still lingering in his mind. Originally, he wanted to make a charity plan for the veterans, but at that time, he did not find anyone who could completely entrust it. Now it was time to think about this problem.

Wei Lan, who was in Li Mu's arms, felt that Li Mu had not fallen asleep. She looked up at his side profile and asked, "What are you thinking about?"

Li Mu said, "I am thinking about something that I began to think about when I was in the United States yesterday."