Chapter 276

Ning Hao couldn't see the potential of the girl in front of him, but Li Mu knew that she would become one of the few national goddesses in the future. Not only did she conquer a large number of domestic audiences, but a large number of Japanese and Korean audiences were also attracted by her beauty and temperament. It was a pity that she ended up marrying a Korean, which made many domestic men sigh.

The current Tang Wei really didn't have the temperament of a goddess, so it was normal for Ning Hao to feel nothing for her. However, Li Mu knew that apart from natural beauties like Lin Qingxia and Zhao Yazhi, the rest of the beauties in the entertainment industry, most of them had to rely on fashion packaging to highlight their goddess-like temperament. The current Master Fan still gave people the impression of a "golden lock." Who would have thought that after many years, she would also become one of the national goddesses?

For Li Mu, if Makino Image wanted to take off, it would not only rely on the future output of TV variety copyrights, excellent movies and TV series, but also the support of a strong celebrity team. Many actors like Tang Wei, who would have an amazing impact in the entertainment industry in the future, were still unknown at this moment. For him, this was almost the best time to race for territory. When this micro film was finished, he would return to Yanjing and ask Ning Hao to find a way to sign a group of outstanding young actors.

Although Ning Hao didn't quite understand Li Mu's vision, he still seriously remembered this matter in his heart. He said to Li Mu, "I'll find a chance to get to know her first."

Li Mu said, "Isn't she studying to be a director? Why don't you hire her as your assistant first and let her follow the crew for this period of time. Provide food and accommodation, pay her salary, and strive to let her follow the entire filming."

Ning Hao nodded and said with a smile, "It couldn't be better to have a girl as an assistant. How about the salary?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Give her half of your salary. If she signs with Makino Image, she can get a basic salary from January next year."

Ning Hao said with a smile, "Okay, I'll talk to her after the opening ceremony."

As a student, Tang Wei's financial situation shouldn't be too good. It could be seen from the fact that she sat in a hard seat.

Therefore, Li Mu believed that if he gave her a job in the crew, she would definitely not refuse. Ning Hao would definitely become one of his company's exclusive directors in the future, and Tang Wei was an actress that Li Mu thought highly of.

Therefore, by taking the opportunity of work, she wanted to familiarize herself with Ning Hao first so that it would be more natural for her to talk about cooperation in the future.

At two o 'clock in the afternoon, Ning Hao officially announced the start of the opening ceremony. He first introduced himself on stage.

After that, he briefly introduced the situation of the crew and thanked Haizhou No. 1 High School on behalf of the crew for their help. After Ning Hao finished speaking, Cui Guangshan, the principal of Haizhou No. 1 High School, also went on stage to give a speech.

At 2: 30 pm, Li Mu, the director and scriptwriter, went on the stage. The entertainment reporters hardly knew him. Moreover, Li Mu said that he was a friend of Simple Plan and that he was invited to direct this short film by them. Therefore, the reporters were even less interested in him.

The media did not pay attention to him, which was what Li Mu hoped for. He simply said a few words on stage.

After that, they invited all the actors on stage. Zhang Kexuan and Chen Kun became the favorites of the media. The reporters chased after them and asked them some questions. At three o 'clock, Li Mu, Ning Hao, and the school's leaders announced the official start of filming Old Boys. After that, the media members who received the red packets for the transportation fees were sent away by the staff. Ning Hao took the booklet and said to Li Mu, "For the first fifteen scenes of today, we'll focus on the scenes in the classroom first. At night, we'll film the band rehearsal."

Li Mu nodded.

He said, "OK, get ready to start."

The preparation of the crew and the overall planning of the script made Li Mu understand that making a movie was not as simple as he had imagined.

Even if he remembered all the scenes in a movie, it would be extremely difficult for him to imitate them. When a movie was presented in front of the audience, the key was in the visual sense and visual extension. However, for a director, there were too many things to do behind the scenes. Without Ning Hao, he would have been in a terrible situation.

Li Mu was afraid that he would be overwhelmed before he even started shooting. This made Li Mu feel a little more respect for the film industry. In the future, this kind of thing should be done by professionals. What he needed to do was to gather more film and entertainment talents under the banner of Muye Image.

With Ning Hao around, the entire filming started in an orderly manner. Li Mu was lacking in technical skills as a director, but he had a good understanding of the original work of "Old Boys". He was also good at speaking in front of the camera. With Ning Hao helping him by the side, the handling of the camera was still very good. The main actors, with Zhang Kexuan and Du Wei as the main actors, lacked professional training. Therefore, they were overly sensitive to the camera at the beginning. As a result, the effect of the filming was not very ideal. This problem did not only occur to them. Even many so-called professional actors who had been acting for many years would inevitably have strong traces of acting when they acted.

However, because the atmosphere of the crew was very good, Li Mu and Ning Hao had been using various methods to guide the actors to act naturally. Therefore, it only took a day for the actors to find the rhythm of their high school days. They were almost completely immersed in the high school life in the movie.

What made Li Mu feel gratified was not only that the actors found the feeling, but also that Ning Hao had managed to get his future goddess, Tang Wei.

After continuous interaction, Mother Li realized that this future goddess was basically a silly girl. She was a Suzhou girl, but she was like the girls in Yanjing. She valued friends and was loyal. She even had a slightly immature air of a heroine. When Ning Hao talked to her about being an assistant, she directly patted her chest and said, "I can do any kind of dirty and tiring work. The production team just needs to settle my accommodation and provide me with three meals a day."

Ning Hao said, "Not only will they provide food and accommodation, they will also give you a salary of 1,500 yuan after filming is completed. Our movie has a small time period, few scenes, and few characters. The filming period will not be long either. I estimate that the actual filming time will be fifteen to twenty days at most."

Tang Wei said with a little panic, "I am mainly here to experience and learn. I am already very happy that the production team is willing to hire me. If I have to take money, it will be so embarrassing …"

Ning Hao struck the iron while it was hot and said, "Director Li said that you are quite suitable for acting. If you are interested, you can sign a contract with our Makino Image in the future. Starting from January next year, you will be able to get a basic salary."

Tang Wei looked embarrassed. "I have almost no acting experience now, and I am not a performing arts student. I can be an assistant, but if it is acting …"

Ning Hao said with a smile, "Other than the performing arts department, there are also many famous people in the other majors. Sun Honglei, who worked with Chen Kun on 'Like Fog, Like Rain, Like Wind' a while ago, is studying musical. Isn't he still acting in a TV series?"

Tang Wei hesitated for a while and nodded. "If there is really a role that suits me, I am willing to try …"

In fact, every student who entered the Chinese Opera or Yanjing Film Academy had a dream of acting. She was no exception.

…

In the next few days, besides filming, Li Mu paid attention to the progress of Tencent's Q Bar and NetEase's gaming bar.

Just as he had expected, although these two products were already online, their development speed was relatively slow. The two products used the advantages of their platforms to cut off a portion of the users with low loyalty on Tieba. Subsequently, they were unable to cut off the users with high loyalty. Right now, they still had a very big barrier that they had not broken through. For example, the community clustering effect of Tieba itself, and the large amount of content that had been accumulated on Tieba for a long time.

However, with Li Mu's understanding of Tencent's modus operandi, he knew that once Tencent wanted to do something, they would definitely do it to the extreme. It was the same even if it was an imitation. They loved to imitate to the extreme, to surpass their predecessors. Whether it was QQ or WeChat, the models were not created by Tencent, but in their hands, they turned them into two different social empires. From this point alone, it could be seen that Tencent definitely had a plan in mind when they played with Q Bar.

Even Li Mu himself was secretly waiting for Happy Farm's big move. Tencent's Q Bar at this time could not be as simple as imitating and cutting off traffic. They definitely had a plan in mind. As for how they were going to do it, Li Mu could not guess. He could only wait and see. No matter what tricks they used, Makino Technology would bring out Happy Farm on New Year's Day. He would let all the companies in the industry see how Makino Technology could use an extremely simple game to achieve great things in the Internet field.

Sure enough, when they were filming scenes of the band participating in the campus competition, Li Mu received a call from Kong Lingyu.

"Boss, things are a little troublesome."

Kong Lingyu's tone was a little serious. Li Mu asked him, "What happened?"

Kong Lingyu said, "A few things. The first is: Tencent bought Hao123's navigation location, and the word 'Tieba' is now directly linked to Q Bar."

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's normal. Previously, Tieba did not have any competitors. In addition, Hao123 was very influential. In order to take the user experience into account, Hao123 naturally had to open a portal for us for free. Now that they have a competitor, there's nothing we can do about it. This kind of thing is not supported by the law and industry standards. It's all about money."

Kong Lingyu said angrily, "Then shouldn't they at least change the keywords?

At least changing Tieba to Q Bar is considered professional. Selling the word 'Tieba' to Tencent is too despicable. "

Li Mu snorted and thought to himself, "Despicable?

You haven't seen such a strange thing like McDonald's being linked to KFC. Even when the word 'Taobao' was linked to JD. In comparison, what Hao123 did was nothing. "