Chapter 312

The fifty to sixty people that Zhao Kang had brought with him had already blocked off both ends of the alleyway. When the dozens of people heard that each of them had been paid a thousand yuan, it was as if they had been injected with chicken blood when they came out of school. They also had all sorts of strange weapons in their hands. Most of them were temporarily dismantled bench legs, and a few aggressive ones even took out the throwing sticks that they had hidden under their beds. Dealing with so many people was a piece of cake.

When Zhao Kang received Li Mu's text, he had already come out of the store and was watching the situation from a few dozen meters away. Feng Sier had just wrapped up the money tightly and held it tightly in his arms like a treasure. He looked at Li Mu with excitement and vigilance, and at the same time, he slowly retreated.

"Bro, I'll take the money. The grudge between us is written off!"

Feng Sier had taken so much money that it had far exceeded his expectations, so the little bit of hatred in his heart had long been offset by the money.

He was willing to write it off, but how could Li Mu let him have his way? Thinking that the good show would be handled by Zhao Kang, he didn't want to waste time with him. He waved his hand and said, "Hurry up and take the money and get out of my sight."

“

Feng Sier didn't want to stay here any longer. He hugged the money and turned his head to greet his buddies, "Brothers, let's go."

Those people were wild with joy after taking twenty thousand yuan each. A few of them even felt that it was easier than dreaming to earn twenty thousand yuan just by coming out to buy soy sauce. They wanted to take the money and leave as soon as possible, so they immediately turned around and walked to the other end of the alleyway.

When Zhao Kang saw that those people were walking in his direction, he hurriedly turned around and walked out. At the same time, he called his classmates who were blocking the other end and asked them to hurry up and follow a group of seven or eight men to prevent them from turning around and running away. He himself quickly walked to the end of the alleyway and met up with his classmates who were guarding there.

Seeing that those people had left, Li Mu finally let out a sigh of relief. He turned around and asked Zhao Ziqiu, "Are you guys okay?"

Zhao Ziqiu shook her head lightly and avoided Li Mu's gaze. She said, "We're fine, thank you."

Li Mu realized that Zhao Ziqiu had suddenly become a lot more distant in front of him. He thought about it and asked subconsciously, "You guys went to the National People's Congress tonight?"

Zhao Ziqiu lowered her eyelids and nodded lightly without saying anything. Seeing her somewhat dejected expression, Li Mu didn't know what he was thinking. He actually felt a wave of emptiness, and the more he thought about it, the more he felt.

Even Han Xiaoxiao who was at the side felt embarrassed for the two of them. She couldn't help but say, "Li Mu Zhao Li Mu, you just let those people take."

Li Mu snapped out of his daze and said through gritted teeth, "It's best if he dares to take it. If he doesn't, it'll be hard for me to punish him."

Seeing that Feng Sier and the others had gone far away, twenty or thirty young men with a height of about 1.8 meters suddenly rushed in from behind Li Mu and the others. They were holding all kinds of strange "weapons", rumbling past Li Mu and the others and dashing into the alley.

At this moment, Feng Sier and the others had almost reached the exit of the alley. They didn't expect that twenty or thirty people would suddenly rush in, directly blocking the three meter wide alley entrance. They were all shocked. Feng Sier held the huge sum of three hundred thousand dollars tightly and said tentatively: "Brothers, excuse me, please make way."

Zhao Kang looked at Feng Si 'er coldly.' Crash! 'he suddenly swung the baton in his hand, pointed it at Feng Si' er and shouted, "Beat him!"

Li Mu only asked him to restrain those people, but Zhao Kang did not want to let those bastards go. As he roared, the group of young men beside him, who were as fierce as wolves and tigers, pounced on them like crazy.

Feng Si 'er and the others were so frightened that they didn't dare to resist. They turned around and ran back, but when they turned around, they found that there were twenty to thirty people behind them. The entire alley was blocked by a dark mass of people.

Seeing that the two groups of people were getting closer and closer, Feng Sier was so scared that his face turned pale. He said to the people around him, "Damn it, that brat tricked us!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Kang swung his baton and the metal head smashed into Feng Sier's arm. He cried out in pain and loosened his hand. The clothes with the money fell to the ground. Fortunately, Feng Sier had wrapped it tightly. Not only did he wrap it in a zipper, but he also wrapped it in his sleeve. The bag of money only fell to the ground, but it didn't fall apart.

Feng Sier couldn't care less about the pain in her arm. She wanted to bend down to protect the bag of money, but dozens of people rushed up to them and started beating them up.

Fifty or sixty people against seven or eight people, and it was in such a hopeless alley. Feng Sier's group had no way to fight back. Soon, they were beaten to the point of wailing. Because some people on the outside really couldn't find a chance to punch and kick, they shouted, "Those inside, send some people over to us. We can't hit them at all!"

As soon as he finished speaking, two or three guys with swollen faces were kicked out and surrounded by the people on the periphery.

At this time, Li Mu heard the loud noise coming from the other end of the alley. He turned around and said to Zhao Ziqiu, "You guys sit in the car for a while. I'll go and have a look."

Hui Ka Ming said hurriedly, "I'll go with you."

Zhao Ziqiu was still standing there in a daze. Li Mu went up to open the back door of Benz's car. Just as he was about to let her in, he realized that Lin Lin was sitting inside.

Li Mu was surprised and embarrassed. Before he could say anything, Lin Lin had already come out of the car and said to Li Mu, "Let them sit in the car."

Li Mu let Zhao Ziqiu get in the car, but Zhao Ziqiu was indifferent. It was Han Xiaoxiao who ran over and pushed her into the car. Han Xiaoxiao saw that the back seat was very spacious, so she said to Wang Yanan and Chen Jiao, "Let the four of us sit in the back."

Wang Yanan and Chen Jiao also got in the car. Li Mu threw the bag of money under the front passenger seat and said to Xu Jiahui, "Jiahui, please take care of these girls."

Xu Jiahui nodded and glanced at Li Mu. He then looked at Zhao Ziqiu through the rearview mirror with a complicated expression.

Li Mu didn't notice Xu Jiahui's expression. After he nodded, Li Mu closed the car door and said to Lin Lin, "I'll have to trouble you to sit in the front for a while."

Lin Lin said, "I'm not sitting. I'll go with you guys to watch the show."

Li Mu didn't object. He nodded and called Hui Ka Ming to walk into the alley.

When Li Mu and the other two arrived, Feng Si 'er and the others were already beaten black and blue. They didn't even have the strength to scream.

Li Mu looked for Zhao Kang and asked him to clear the crowd. The fifty to sixty students reluctantly stopped and split into two groups to block the two sides.

Feng Si 'er and the others were sprawled on the ground surrounded by the crowd. They were all beaten beyond recognition. Feng Si' er suffered the worst. His body was covered with wounds. He had been hit more than ten times with the stick. Wherever he was hit, there was bruised blood. Even his bones were affected. His right calf seemed to be fractured and swollen to the size of an egg. The pain was excruciating.

Seeing that Li Mu was in front of him, Feng Si 'er cursed in exasperation, "F * ck you, you f * cking b * stard! How dare you set me up!"

Li Mu didn't say a word. He raised his leg and kicked Feng Si 'er's face. This kick made him dizzy and blood flowed out of his nostrils.

Zhao Kang picked up the bag of cash from the ground and brought it to Li Mu. "The money is all here. It hasn't been scattered. It should be all here."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "We can't take the money."

Then he pointed at Feng Si 'er and said, "Give it to him."

Feng Si 'er, whose face was covered in blood, didn't understand what Li Mu meant at all. Did he set him up just to vent his anger?

Did he want him to take the money?

Zhao Kang also didn't understand what Li Mu meant.

At this time, Li Mu spoke again, "Kidnapping and blackmail. The amount involved is 300,000 yuan. The sentence should be at least ten years, right?"

Feng Si 'er suddenly panicked and shouted in fear, "Didn't you say you wouldn't call the police?

Don't you have any f * cking morals? "

Li Mu frowned and looked at him. He said disdainfully, "You are a b * stard who uses a weapon to threaten a girl. What morals do you have?"

Then he sneered and said, "But I will definitely keep my word. I won't call the police, but if someone else calls the police, then there's nothing I can do."

After hearing this, Zhao Kang immediately took out his phone and dialed 110 without hesitation.

Feng Sier's accomplices were all scared out of their wits. Feng Sier had just threatened the four girls, which should be counted as kidnapping. The key was that he had really given them three hundred thousand yuan, which was quite bad. As long as they called the police, they would definitely be treated as accomplices, and they would be sentenced to at least two to three years in prison.

The guy who first extorted 20,000 yuan from Li Mu hurriedly took out the money and put it on the ground. He begged for mercy, "Bro, please have mercy. We were all tricked by Feng Si 'er. We didn't do anything to those girls at all. We don't want the money. Please have mercy and let us go!"

The others also took out the money like crazy, as if the money had suddenly become a hot potato. No one dared to keep it on them for one more second.

At this time, Zhao Kang had already called the 110 police center and called the police with the reason of a kidnapping and blackmail case in the Hemp Alley. This was Li Mu's real purpose. Feng Sier could not escape from the crime of kidnapping and blackmail. It would be easier for him to die after taking Li Mu's money. Moreover, Feng Sier was beaten up for nothing. With the complete evidence of his crime, the students that Zhao Kang found were here to help a just cause!

At this moment, Feng Si 'er was scared out of his wits. He struggled and begged Li Mu to let him go. At this moment, his friends were crying and begging Li Mu to be magnanimous. Li Mu had the idea of letting them go for a moment in his mind, but he denied it almost instantly.

If one wanted to be strong in this society, one must not be cruel, but one must not be soft-hearted to any enemy or potential threat. Although these people were just there to watch, they already knew the nature of the matter before they came. After they came, they had no intention of stopping at the precipice. Basically, they were Feng Si 'er's accomplices. If the public security organ determined that Feng Si' er was the suspect of kidnapping and blackmail, then without exception, these people were all accomplices and should be punished by the law!