Chapter 323

When Li Mu came out of his work room with his guitar, Su Yingxue was already sitting on the sofa waiting for him.

Li Mu handed her the A4 paper with the lyrics of "Years in a Hurry" and "In My Voice" written on it and said, "These are the lyrics of the two songs. Have a look and give me your comments after reading them."

Su Yingxue took the lyric book and looked at Li Mu's slightly scribbled but beautiful handwriting. The first lyric that came to her eyes was "In My Voice".

"Without any precaution, without any worry …"

Su Yingxue read the lyrics of the song silently. She carefully savored it for a moment and said with a smile, "It looks good. If you just look at the lyrics, it feels very emotional."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Have a look at the next song."

The next song was "In My Voice". If "In My Voice" was an excellent high school composition, then "In My Voice" could be regarded as a master-level essay. In Li Mu's view, the gap between the lyrics of the two songs was at least two Wang Fengs.

For Su Yingxue, "In My Voice" was indeed good, but it was not really excellent. Compared with Li Mu's three folk songs, the lyrics of this song were even not up to standard. It was not on the same level as those three songs at all. But when she thought that this song was written for a girl, Su Yingxue was relieved.

But when she looked at the next song, the four words "In My Voice" made Su Yingxue's eyelashes tremble. When she saw these four words, she seemed to have guessed the direction of the lyrics in advance. It should be a song of nostalgia.

Looking at the text of the lyrics carefully, Su Yingxue was soon completely attracted. The more she read, the more engrossed she became, and the more surprised she became.

Although this song could not be considered Lin Xi's best work, it still could not cover its own brilliance. Nostalgia itself was a kind of emotion, and the lyrics of this song perfectly set off this special feeling. At the same time, it also made people start to look forward to the future, looking forward to "if we can't see each other with red eyes, will we still be able to blush", looking forward to "owe each other, even when the root is broken".

After reading the lyrics, Su Yingxue combined it with the script of "Old Boys" that Li Mu showed her. The scenes of the script unfolded in her mind, and with the lyrics, she actually had the urge to cry.

After reading the entire lyrics several times, Su Yingxue raised her head, looked at Li Mu and said, "This lyric is really too well written. I want to hear you sing this song first …"

Li Mu sang this classic song with a slightly low tone in a descending tone. As soon as he started singing, Su Yingxue was captivated by this song. She held the lyrics in her hands and listened to Li Mu's heartfelt playing and singing. She instantly fell in love with this song "In My Voice".

At the same time, Su Yingxue was also surprised by the talent Li Mu displayed. He always brought her different surprises, and every time, he made her feel like she was getting to know him all over again. And when the other party was her boyfriend, this kind of surprise was even more filled with pleasant surprise.

After Li Mu finished singing the song, Su Yingxue's eyes were already red. Women were more emotional than men, so the lyrics of "In My Voice" were more direct to women's hearts.

Then, Li Mu sang "In My Voice" again. This song used to be very popular, and it was definitely a divine song in a certain period of time. Although the content was slightly lacking, the melody was really catchy. Therefore, after hearing the melody of this song, Su Yingxue's overall impression of this song was much higher than just looking at the lyrics. The melody to a certain extent made up for the emptiness of the lyrics, and it complemented each other well.

After listening to these two songs, Su Yingxue felt that she had been completely conquered by Li Mu's talent. She also felt lucky for herself. She never expected that her boyfriend would be so excellent and outstanding.

Su Yingxue said, "These two songs are very good. If Du Wei really has a good voice, these two songs will definitely be popular all over the country."

Li Mu asked her, "Which song do you think we should choose as the interlude of the movie?"

Su Yingxue said almost without thinking, "I choose 'In My Voice'. Although the lyrics and melody of 'In My Voice' are also very suitable, it is not as impactful as' In My Voice '. If we use this song as the interlude of the movie, it will also be an excellent promotion for the role played by Du Wei."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Then let's choose this song as the interlude of the movie. I hope Du Wei thinks the same as you."

With that, Li Mu stood up and said to Su Yingxue, "Wait a minute. I have to send the lyrics of these two songs to a friend and ask him to forward them to Du Wei's sister."

Li Mu sent the lyrics of the two songs to Chen Ze by email, and then sent a text message to Chen Ze, telling him that the lyrics had been sent. Chen Ze immediately replied with an OK, and then hurriedly turned on the computer to check the email. He first opened the lyrics of the two songs and looked at them. He didn't understand the lyrics very well, but the lyrics of the two songs were quite similar, so he forwarded the lyrics to Dufy, and then called Dufy.

On the other side of the ocean, Dufy was in the morning when she received a call from Chen Ze. Hearing that the lyrics had been sent, she immediately opened her email to check. After reading it, she was surprised for a long time.

Du Fei was an artistic youth. Although she majored in design, she loved literature and music. She had good attainments in literature. Therefore, when she saw the lyrics of these two songs, she felt the same as Su Yingxue. She rated the lyrics of "In My Voice" as excellent, and the lyrics of "In the Hasty Years" as excellent.

After reading it, her attention was almost entirely focused on the song "In My Voice". If such a great lyric was matched with a good tune, it would be invincible.

Du Fei was a youngster who had been heavily westernized to begin with. Regardless of whether it was music, literature, religion, or architectural aesthetics, in her heart, they were all more inclined towards the western style. She rarely listened to folk music to begin with, and those that she truly liked were also few and far between. If one were to talk about Chinese songwriters, she only admired two people, one was Lin Xi, the other was Huang Zhan. Lin Xi's lyrics were meticulous, tender, and sentimental, able to make one shed silent tears with just one or two sentences. Meanwhile, Huang Zhan's lyrics were majestic and imposing, a few sentences drawing out a grand and majestic aura and style, bold and unconstrained to the extreme.

The song "In My Voice" in front of her was quite similar to Lin Xi's style. Although it couldn't compare to Lin Xi's peak works, such as "Red Bean", it could definitely be compared with most of Lin Xi's works.