Chapter 1215

When Li Mu left Harvard, the team structure of 3321 in the United States had been completely reshuffled.

Dong Ai officially became the highest person in charge of 3321 in the United States. Whether it was Hua Xia's 3321 team or Harvard's 3321 team, everyone reported to her.

Every member of 3321 in the United States, including Lawrence, had to unconditionally obey Dong Ai's leadership. Otherwise, they would be permanently expelled from the project. Dong Ai had the power to decide each person's life and death. She even had the power to stop 3321 in the United States as a whole.

After Dong Ai's leadership was made clear, Lawrence's "second-in-command" position was also made clear. Since he was the second-in-command, everything had to follow the first-in-command's arrangements. Moreover, he no longer had the right to decide whether the team members would stay or leave, and he had no chance to bring a scum like James Keane into the 3321 team.

James Keane had originally planned to seize 3321 in the United States by force, but he didn't expect that Li Mu would kick him out as soon as he arrived. Annoyed, the entire Keane family was looking for a solution for him.

After leaving Harvard, Li Mu quickly rushed to Boston Airport and boarded the business jet he had rented in a hangar dedicated for business jets, ready to fly to San Francisco.

Not long after Li Mu boarded the plane, a fleet of five black Cadillacs drove straight into the hangar door. As soon as the captain of the business jet turned on the plane's engine, the airport control's order came through the communicator, asking him to temporarily shut down the plane's engine and ask the flight attendants on the plane to open the cabin door.

Li Mu was originally resting with his eyes closed on the plane. When the plane's engine suddenly stopped, he couldn't help but open his eyes.

Li Mu had been flying frequently recently, so he was very familiar with the roaring engine sound of the plane. Every time he heard the engine turn, he knew that the plane was about to take off. Every time he heard the engine throttle open, he knew that the plane had begun to taxi and take off. This time, the engine sound stopped inexplicably not long after it started, which was indeed very unusual.

At this time, the flight attendant hurriedly walked to Li Mu's side, leaned over and said in Li Mu's ear, "Mr Lee, Senator Billy Duncan of Massachusetts is here."

Li Mu frowned. "Senator?

I don't think I know this person. "

The flight attendant said, "The airport said that he would come to see you, so the plane was temporarily delayed."

A trace of anger flashed in Li Mu's heart. A senator came out of nowhere and wanted to see him. He didn't even ask for his permission and directly stopped his plane. Was he the king of heaven? Did he have to meet him just because he said he wanted to?

Li Mu, who was filled with anger, said to the flight attendant, "Tell the airport that I won't see anyone and ask them to let me go."

The flight attendant said with embarrassment, "Mr Lee, the airport asked us to open the cabin door immediately. We can't disobey this order …"

Li Mu narrowed his eyes and asked her, "Is the plane I rented to you under the jurisdiction of Boston Airport?"

The flight attendant said helplessly, "Mr Lee, according to the regulations, any plane at the airport must obey the airport's dispatch and orders. After 9/11, the airport's control of civil airliners has become stricter. If our airline refuses to cooperate with the airport's request, then our company is likely to be blacklisted by the US civil aviation department. In that case, our business with the US will be completely finished …"

Li Mu asked her, "So you mean you have to open the cabin door?"

The flight attendant nodded apologetically and bowed to Li Mu. Then she said, "I'm sorry, Mr Lee. We can't disobey the airport's order. Please understand …"

When Li Mu saw the young flight attendant's pitiful look, he knew that this matter was completely out of her control. It was meaningless for him to argue with her, so he said to her, "Then you open the cabin door according to the request."

As soon as Li Mu said this, Wang Yuanlang and the other two men sitting in the front immediately became alert. They were afraid that opening the cabin door would bring some danger to Li Mu.

At this time, the Cadillac fleet had stopped outside the cabin. The flight attendant opened the cabin door, put down the spiral ladder, and immediately stood on the side of the cabin door. Through the round window, Li Mu saw a middle-aged man in a suit get out of a stretch car in the middle of the Cadillac fleet. As soon as he got out of the car, he immediately opened the back door. Then, a middle-aged man in a long black trench coat got out of the car.

The middle-aged man in the suit respectfully made a gesture of invitation. The man in the long trench coat straightened the collar of the trench coat with large movements. Then he strode toward Li Mu's official plane. The man in the suit hurriedly followed him and trotted all the way.

Li Mu thought to himself, "It seems that the man in the trench coat walking in front is the senator mentioned by the flight attendant."

Senators had a great social status and influence in the United States. Some of them could even challenge the president. Their strength was extraordinary. Moreover, if they were senators of the state, their power in the state was often stronger than that of the governor.

Li Mu couldn't understand why the senator came to the airport to play a show with him instead of attending to numerous affairs every day.

Before he had time to think about it, the man in the trench coat stepped onto the official plane. As soon as he entered the cabin, he saw Li Mu sitting in the seat. The man in the suit also quickly followed, but he just stood behind the man in the trench coat without saying a word. His face was full of caution and eagerness.

"Mr. Li Mu!"

The man in the trench coat greeted Li Mu with a smile as he walked toward Li Mu. As he spoke, he walked up to Li Mu and said respectfully, "I've always wanted to meet you, but there was no suitable opportunity. I heard that you came to Harvard and will leave today. I could only ask the tower to stop your plane so that I could come to meet you."

Li Mu was unhappy, but he still smiled at him. The influence of the senator in the United States was really extraordinary. If he could avoid offending him, he would try his best not to offend him. So Li Mu said, "Mr. Senator, you're too polite. If you want to see me, you just need to ask the interlocutor to tell my personal assistant. I will definitely find time to visit you. You don't need to come to the airport in person."

When the man in the trench coat heard Li Mu's words, he smiled faintly and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, you misunderstood me. I'm not a senator."

Li Mu was stunned. He was not a senator?

Did the flight attendant hear wrong?