Chapter 1736

Bill Ford Jr. did not expect Li Mu to leave just like that.

Just when he was cursing in his heart about this guy's strange tactics, this guy immediately used his ultimate move.

Although they did not have a pleasant conversation, it was still a business negotiation. Bill Ford Jr. was prepared to fight with Li Mu for a few days. But in the end, Li Mu came up and bombarded him with a few hundred bullets in one go. Then, he turned around and left?

How can this be!

Bill Ford Jr. felt like he had arranged a fight with someone, but his opponent came over and gave him two slaps in the face before turning around and leaving.

Damn it!

Li Mu did not play by the rules, and this caused Bill Ford Jr. to panic.

Not to mention that he had been thrown into confusion by Li Mu, even if he had not been thrown into confusion, he would not have been able to withstand Li Mu's sudden move.

Just when Bill Ford Jr. was at a loss, Li Mu stood up and gave Chen Ze and Li Ziwei a look. Then, he pointed at Elon Musk and said to Bill Ford Jr., "Mr. Ford, please talk to Elon Musk directly. He and his team know more about cars than I do."

"But …" Bill Ford Jr. said unwillingly, "Li Zong, isn't Google going to be listed in a few days?

Why can't we sit down and talk about the acquisition? "

Li Mu said apologetically, "I have already told you everything I know about the car industry. What else can we talk about if we sit down?

Are you going to talk about the internet with me? "

Bill Ford Jr. was stunned. What are you talking about? Can't you put it more tactfully when it comes to showing off and running away?

The core members of the Ford family are here. Am I shameless?

At this moment, Bill Ford Jr. could not keep him. He could only stand up and say, "Li Zong.

Since that's the case, I'll send you off. "

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "You're welcome, Mr. Ford. We can leave on our own. We won't disturb your discussion."

After that, Li Mu waved at the people in the conference room and stepped out of the conference room.

Li Ziwei had been with Li Mu for a long time. She knew Li Mu's style of doing things, so she was not surprised or hesitant at all. She directly followed behind Li Mu. Only Chen Ze had not come back to his senses.

What the hell?

Most importantly, his English wasn't as good as Li Mu's. He understood about 70% of what they were talking about just now. He had to guess the rest, so he didn't really understand.

Seeing that Li Ziwei had left, he hurried out and asked Li Mu in confusion, "Old Li, why did you leave just like that?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "We can't give him a chance to show off. We just stepped on him like stepping on an ant. Let Elon Musk talk to him."

Chen Ze sighed and said, "You're too ruthless. You cut the price to five billion US dollars in one go. This money may not even be as much as what Ford spent on Volvo …"

Li Mu said indifferently, "You can't bargain with the seller bit by bit. The more you bargain, the more they want it. Naturally, the more passive they will be. The best way is to first understand the other party's background, and then cut them. If they can accept it, we can sit down and talk about the details. If not, then forget it."

Chen Ze couldn't help asking, "Aren't you afraid that he will reject you?"

Li Mu said, "Do you think I tricked him for a long time for nothing?

He must want to sell it now. These three things were originally hot potatoes, but after being tricked by me, they became hot fireballs in his eyes. "

Chen Ze smiled and said, "What if this person is very unyielding and doesn't want to sell it?

Wouldn't you have miscalculated? "

Li Mu smiled confidently and said, "I've already said it. It's impossible not to sell it. Although this person is a bit greedy, he's not stupid."

Then, Li Mu said, "Let's go. We're going to Boston."

"Boston?" Chen Ze asked puzzledly, "Aren't we going to New York?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Little Bill Ford is right. There are still a few days before Google rings the bell. Now I have nothing to do in New York. My childhood sweetheart is still at Harvard. In addition, I've also invested in a guy from Harvard to set up a social network for college students. This time I can take a look."

Chen Ze suddenly realized that Su Yingxue was studying at Harvard.

When Li Mu and his party rushed to the airport, the flight crew had already applied for permission to fly to Boston.

On the way, Chen Ze was a little regretful. He said, "It's not easy to come to Dearborn, Detroit. It's a pity that I didn't visit the Ford factory!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There will be plenty of opportunities in the future. When we get these three brands, you can take turns to visit four factories."

Chen Ze was puzzled and asked, "Why four?

Aren't there three? "

Li Mu said, "Jaguar Land Rover is in the UK, Volvo is in Sweden, but Land Rover still has a factory in the US. Did you forget what Musk said before?"

Chen Ze chuckled. "My English isn't that good. I'll probably be able to understand most of it. I'll only be able to understand 60 to 70 percent of it."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Anyway, four factories should be fine. I won't stop you if you want to live in them."

Chen Ze asked, "What if, I mean what if, this doesn't work out?

Do you have a backup plan? "

Li Mu shook his head and said, "What backup plan?"

Then, Li Mu said seriously, "But to be honest, with the current situation of the automobile industry, it will be difficult for you to buy a Japanese brand. But if you want to buy a European or American brand, it will be very easy. If it doesn't work, we can also buy Cadillac, Jeep, or Alfa Romeo. These brands are suffering serious losses now, and it will be even worse in the future."

For the automobile industry, if the industry as a whole is declining, and their own brand is not doing well enough, life can really be described as difficult.

As long as a car brand does not want to go out of business, it must maintain the operation of the factory. Spare parts from suppliers must be purchased, their own production line must be in operation, and the workers must be busy. Otherwise, once the factory is shut down and the staff is dismissed, it will be difficult to reopen it.

However, to maintain the operation of the production line, they must invest money. Raw materials, spare parts, workers' wages, management fees, each cost a huge sum of money. This money is used to produce one car after another, but no one is interested in the cars. This way, the inventory of cars will increase, and the losses will increase. If no one takes over, it will really become a bottomless pit.

Some automobile companies looked very glamorous, and their fixed assets were worth billions of USD. However, after years of losses and debts to banks and suppliers, their net assets might not even be 100 million USD.

Otherwise, those classic automobile companies that have been around for hundreds of years will not be acquired by big automobile groups. Then, they will be reorganized by the big automobile groups with their fame, technology, resources, and channels.

The brands that were acquired by the big automobile groups were considered lucky. The brands that were looked down upon by the big automobile groups were really miserable. For example, Guanzhi had a loss of one billion a year. A bunch of people had been working hard for many years, but their total debt was actually greater than their total assets. They had been losing money for several years. If the money they lost was exchanged for a hundred yuan bill, it would be enough to circle the earth several times …

At this time, Chen Ze looked at the time and said, "We have been out for more than half an hour. Do you want to ask Musk how far they are now?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "There is no need to ask. They must still be arguing. But Bill Ford Jr. will not dare to directly reject Musk. Otherwise, Musk will definitely contact me."

If what Bill Ford Jr. said was true, he would not sell the car for 5 billion. Then, after Li Mu left, Musk would have to leave at most ten minutes. This is because he has no right to change Li Mu's final offer, and this offer is not acceptable to Bill Ford Jr., then there is no negotiation, and they can only break up.

But since half an hour has passed, and there is still no news from Elon Musk, it proves that he must still be arguing with Bill Ford Jr.

In fact, there is nothing to argue about the price. Li Mu did not give Bill Ford Jr. any room to bargain. The only thing that can be argued is some details, and the details must be based on the fact that Bill Ford Jr. accepted the 5 billion offer.

Li Mu and his team arrived at the airport. Because there is still more than an hour before the approved departure time, everyone boarded the plane after passing the security check. They rested on the plane while waiting for departure.

While waiting, Li Mu called Su Yingxue. They have not seen each other for a long time, and the two did not talk much. Not only was Li Mu too busy, but the time difference was also a thorny problem.

Su Yingxue had just finished her class and was on her way back to the dormitory. She received a call from Li Mu. She, who has always been indifferent, couldn't help but ask in surprise, "Why do you have time to call me today?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I just finished talking with a company, and then I rushed to the airport. Now I am waiting for departure. The departure time is quite long, and it will take more than an hour."

Su Yingxue snorted and said, "So you are bored, so you remembered to call me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Why don't you care about which airport I am at and where I am going next?"

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask, "Where are you going?

Are you coming to the United States? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I am already in the United States, and I am now in Detroit."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "When did you come?

What are you doing in Detroit? "

Li Mu said, "I said I am here to talk about cooperation. I arrived this morning, and now I am going to take off for Boston."

As he spoke, Li Mu looked at the time and said, "It is five o 'clock in the afternoon now. I expect to be able to fly at seven o' clock and land at eight forty. Do you want to wait for me for dinner?"

Su Yingxue's voice suddenly became excited, and she asked in surprise, "Are you kidding me?

Are you really in Detroit, and you want to come to Boston? "

"Of course."

Li Mu said, "I will arrive a little late. You should eat something to make up for it first. Don't wait for me with an empty stomach."

After confirming that Li Mu was not joking, Su Yingxue immediately said happily, "Okay, then I will wait for you!"