Chapter 989

As soon as the news of chartering a flight to the United States was announced, the entire Makino Technology was excited.

For the company, chartering a flight cost nearly one million yuan more than buying a ticket. Transatlantic wide-body airliners could carry more than three hundred people, and Makino Technology's team of nearly one hundred people would cause a great waste of capacity. However, this amount of money was nothing to Makino Technology today. It cost less than one million yuan more, but it gave the employees an extraordinary feeling.

First of all, a flight of tens of thousands of kilometers was not easy. If it was a normal flight, people would feel a little depressed when they shared seats with other unfamiliar passengers. However, if the entire plane was filled with their colleagues, the feeling of depression would be swept away. On the contrary, because they were all familiar people, everyone's mood would be much better, and even the atmosphere on the plane would be much livelier.

Secondly, chartering a flight itself was a relatively lofty term. As employees of the company, even those who were not included in the first batch of employees to the United States would feel particularly envious when they heard that other colleagues were chartering a flight to the United States.

Thirdly, the company's disregard for costs further demonstrated the importance the company attached to employee welfare, supporting measures, and other aspects.

Because of the chartering, the random luggage conditions of each employee going to the United States were greatly relaxed. Each person could carry more than fifty kilograms of random luggage. The company also prepared a lot of local flavor food, daily necessities, and so on for them to be shipped to the United States to facilitate their lives in the United States.

In the list of random items quickly made by the administrative department, many domestic goods that might not be available in the United States or were difficult to find were prepared for the employees.

Among them, a certain amount of Lao Gan Ma Chili Sauce was prepared for each employee, and local flavor food such as soybean sauce was prepared for the employees in the Northeast. There were also various popular flavors of instant noodles. It was not that the employees had to eat instant noodles and chili sauce when they arrived in the United States, but when they suddenly wanted to eat these, they did not have to look for them everywhere in a foreign country.

In addition, the administrative department also sent emails to all employees. If anyone had any ideas or suggestions, even food or necessities that they liked, they could ask the administrative department for coordination and satisfaction.

The attentive administrative department warmed the hearts of the entire company's employees, and it also gave Li Mu a sense of accomplishment.

Li Mu was very happy to see that all the functions of Makino Technology were operating with the greatest enthusiasm. This was the best spirit of an enterprise. When everyone fully focused on their own roles, the enterprise would definitely move forward, and it would move very fast.

For Li Mu, he didn't have any messy management philosophy. He didn't want to cultivate factions in the enterprise, nor did he want to purposely eliminate factions. He wouldn't simply use the so-called high-end talent management philosophy in the enterprise management. In his opinion, he had his own set of management methods, a set of management methods that were simple and natural.

No matter how big Makino Technology was, in Li Mu's mind, there were only three types of positions in the company: business positions, support positions, and management positions.

All the positions that did actual business, whether internal or external, belonged to business positions. Business, operation, technology, product, and testing were all business positions. They were the main force of this legion that specialized in charging and participating in various battles.

Support positions were all the positions that did not involve actual business, such as human resources, administration, logistics, legal affairs, and so on. They were the logistics force of this legion. Whether it was resource transportation, cooking, raising pigs and farming, or treating the wounded, they were all their responsibilities.

Management positions were all the core leaders, including himself. They were responsible for tactics and strategies, and internally, they were responsible for team building.

All the core management positions were first to ensure that the colleagues in the business line could work wholeheartedly and charge in the front without any worries; so that the colleagues in the support line could rack their brains to provide logistical support and other services. As for himself and other core leaders, they tried their best to lead everyone to charge in the business line, and at the same time, they painstakingly found ways to improve everyone's income level, work strength, and teamwork.

As a leader, as long as he could control and coordinate these three positions well, and at the same time, be generous with money and be able to share profits, no matter how big the company was, it could still run very smoothly. This was vividly demonstrated by Muye Technology's plan to go to the United States this time.

These expeditionary troops that were about to go to the United States did not even need the company to hold a mobilization meeting. Now, everyone was full of energy and could not wait to go to the United States immediately to help the company conquer the American market.

These administrative personnel would never have the opportunity to go to the United States, so everyone naturally regarded serving them as their greatest responsibility.

As a leader, all he could think about was how to make his colleagues achieve results in the United States and be full of motivation.

This time, Lin Ching-ah was scheduled to go to the United States with the HR team and a small number of support staff in three days. Before going to the United States, she also took the initiative to support other colleagues. She was also prepared to discuss the charter flight cooperation with Air China.

Before communicating with Air China, Lin Ching-ah first looked for Li Mu and asked him about the specific requirements for this charter flight.

Li Mu's answer was: "There are two requirements for this charter flight. First, it's best to charter a Boeing 747 passenger plane from Air China."

As Lin Ching-ah noted down Li Mu's requirements, she asked curiously, "Li Zong, why must it be a 747?"

Li Mu said with an expression of a nouveau riche, "Because the 747 is currently the world's largest commercial passenger plane. Even the President of the United States' Air Force One was modified using it. In my mind, the 747 is the most domineering model, especially the raised double fuselage at the front. It looks very domineering. I like it."

Lin Ching-ah didn't expect Li Mu to have such a childish side. She smiled and said, "It's not like you're the one sitting. Why do you have to be so particular about it?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not sitting, but I'm going to the scene to send off the plane. When the time comes, I'll see everyone sit on the 747 and fly to the United States. It'll definitely be a different kind of enjoyment for me."

Lin Ching-ah asked in surprise, "You're still going to the scene to send off the plane?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is the second requirement I wanted to tell you. When you communicate with Air China, you must communicate with them well. Our people have to board the plane on the tarmac, because I want to give everyone a grand farewell ceremony on the tarmac."

"Farewell ceremony?" Lin Ching-ah said in surprise, "So grand?"

Li Mu said, "Of course it has to be grand!

These days, the country has to hold a farewell ceremony to send off a panda, let alone an elite team of nearly a hundred people? "

As he said that, Li Mu said, "We'll have the same configuration as the Olympic athletes go abroad for the competition!

The company that will carry out the event must be high-end, and at the same time, invite all the media that can be invited to the scene. Give them enough transportation fees! "

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "If that's the case, we'll have to bear the additional security fees for the media."

As soon as she said that, Lin Ching-ah pursed her lips and smiled. She said, "But this bit of money is nothing. Our Li Zong isn't just any ordinary rich and powerful, isn't that right, Li Zong?"

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and smiled. "We want to be the benchmark company of Hua Xia's Internet industry, to be the name card of Hua Xia's Internet in the world, so we must consider ourselves as the industry leader, and we must always have the awareness of being the leader. How can we be the leader?

Let's start with the standard of the leader. This farewell ceremony not only has to be held, but it has to be grand! "

Lin Ching-ah immediately nodded and said with a smile, "I understand. I'll talk to the airline company today, and then I'll let my assistant contact the executive company. When the time comes, you'll definitely be satisfied!"

Li Mu smiled slightly and reminded her, "Remember what I said just now, the standard must be in line with the leader's identity!"

After saying that, Li Mu's expression became serious, and he solemnly told her, "Although it's called a farewell ceremony, it's actually more like a pledging ceremony before the troops go to the front line. I have four goals:

First, to fill the soldiers who are about to go to war with fighting spirit;

Second, to fill the soldiers who are likely to go to war with fighting spirit in advance;

Third, to fill our compatriots in the country with confidence that we will win the war;

Fourth, to make the enemy fear us before the war begins! "

Lin Ching-ah also nodded very solemnly, "Rest assured, Li Zong, I will definitely arrange everything well."

Li Mu grunted and said, "This time, you will be in the United States for a long time, and you left in a hurry. You have to adapt to the United States as soon as possible. In the next few months, you will be the top leader of Makino Technology in the United States."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I will definitely do my best to play my role, and I will not let the company down!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I have a lot of trust in you. Your growth speed is the fastest among the core management of Makino Technology."

"Thank you, Li Zong, for your praise."

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, and then asked Li Mu, "By the way, Li Zong, aren't you going to the United States in the near future?

Your visa has already been approved. When the time comes, you can take some time to go to the United States to inspect the work and encourage everyone. "

Li Mu smiled and said seriously, "Some time ago, Ding Zhenglin revealed some information to me. Because our reputation has increased too quickly after cooperating with eBay and PayPal, and after YY became popular overseas, the American capital has a high recognition of us. Therefore, if we want to take Sequoia's money, it is likely that we will have to talk to the people at Sequoia's headquarters."

"Is that true?"

Lin Ching-ah asked in surprise, "Now, Sequoia's Hua Xia no longer has the authority to handle our C Series financing?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is the news that Old Ding heard from the inside of Sequoia. Although it is not 100% clear, according to his inference, it is already very close. Our valuation has increased too quickly, and our reputation in the United States is getting higher and higher. The headquarters in the United States is very concerned, and they also realize that our ultimate goal is to go public in the United States. In this case, it is naturally more convenient to contact the headquarters directly. If this matter is confirmed, I will definitely go to the United States in the near future."

Lin Ching-ah said excitedly, "Doesn't that mean that our C Series financing is about to be settled?

How much can we talk about? "