Chapter 618

The people of Yan Jing were famous for being talkative. If one person said it was a monologue, then two people said it was a crosstalk. Dufy and Chen Ze echoed each other and teased Li Mu first. However, Li Mu didn't care. When he heard Dufy say that he could transfer people from the army first, he immediately became interested.

"Why? You can transfer active duty soldiers from the army first?"

Dufy and Chen Ze looked at Li Mu as if they were looking at a fool. Chen Ze was the first to speak. He smiled and said, "Everything needs to be done properly. If you do it well, we can even transfer a helicopter for you to use."

Li Mu couldn't help but ask, "How do I do it?"

Chen Ze said, "The simplest way is for you to do it first."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What do I do?"

Chen Ze said, "Build a joint military and civilian construction!

It's best if you can be rated as an advanced unit that supports the army and gives preferential treatment to the soldiers. If you do this well, the army can send a few people to protect your personal safety. "

Li Mu hurriedly asked him, "How do I do it?

Tell me, tell me. "

When Dufy saw Li Mu's serious face, she hurriedly said, "Don't listen to him. If someone else wants to do this, they have to do it according to what he says. You don't have to. You don't have to worry about this. I'll help you solve it."

Li Mu said, "If I can follow the normal procedures, I'll try to follow the normal procedures. This way, I can also save you some trouble."

Dufy hurriedly said, "Don't worry about it. I'll take care of this. I'll help you settle it in a few days."

"If it's a retired soldier, you can introduce him to me and I'll pay him. This is easy. But if it's an active duty soldier, isn't this the same as taking advantage of the army?

It won't be good if word gets out. "

Li Mu felt that if this kind of thing could be solved with money, then he would not hesitate to pay. For him, the best thing was to solve the problem with money. There was no need for Dufy to replace the role of money. It wasn't that Li Mu didn't want to owe her a favor. Since he asked her for help, he would definitely owe her a favor. But even if he owed her a favor, he didn't want others to get into trouble because of him.

Therefore, Li Mu still wanted to ask about the specific operation, but he was worried that if he kept asking, Dufy would feel that he was being too polite.

Chen Ze could see the little struggle in Li Mu's heart, so he said to Dufy, "You definitely know what kind of person Li Mu is. If he can help a little in this matter, he will feel more at ease."

Dufy nodded helplessly and said, "Actually, it's what Chen Ze said just now. Do Double Support, or do joint construction between the army and the people. If you contribute to the army, the army will give you something in return. Although it doesn't quite conform to the normal procedures, it's still a matter of course. As for how to do it, it's actually just that. You can either donate money and goods to the army, or provide some jobs for the soldiers' families. But donating money and goods, to be honest, is just going through the motions. The army doesn't lack money or goods, so it doesn't make much sense."

Li Mu said, "I'm not in the industry. It might not be easy to find jobs for a large number of soldiers' families …"

As he said this, Li Mu suddenly remembered what Xu Jianjun had talked to him before, so he asked Dufy, "I heard from others that the Divine Sword Brigade, as a special force, often has actual combat missions. May I ask if there are any soldiers in the Divine Sword Brigade who have sacrificed or become disabled for the country?"

"Yes."

Dufy said, "Although the number is not large, there are soldiers who are disabled or even sacrificed every year."

Li Mu said, "Okay, then I will set up a Double Support Fund for the Divine Sword Brigade."

Dufy and Chen Ze asked curiously, "Set up a fund?

What kind of fund? "

Li Mu said, "A pension and subsidy fund. If it's the family members of the soldiers who sacrificed themselves, the fund will give them a monthly allowance based on the local average salary and the number of immediate family members. If there are still children in school, the fund will guarantee that the children will be fully supported until they graduate from college. This includes tuition and living expenses. If it's a disabled soldier, the fund will give a certain amount of living and medical subsidies according to the level of disability to solve their living and rehabilitation problems. I think this model is more practical."

As Xu Jianjun said, in times of peace, most soldiers would not experience actual combat, but the special forces were different. In addition to their daily training, they also had to shoulder anti-terrorism, anti-drug, rescue, overseas peacekeeping, and other tasks. Actual combat was inevitable. No matter how strong the army was, as long as there was actual combat, it was difficult to prevent casualties. Li Mu knew himself well. The investment in the construction of the army was a bottomless pit. If he took out all his assets, it might not be enough to equip a large team. Moreover, the country did not need him to add bricks and tiles to the construction of the national defense. As a businessman, he just needed to do his job and pay taxes as usual. If he really wanted to do something meaningful for the army, he had to spend his money where it was most needed.

Therefore, Li Mu wanted to set up a fund to take care of the families and relatives of the martyrs of the Sword God Brigade and solve the living and medical problems of the disabled soldiers. This was the real meaningful thing.

Dufy also thought that Li Mu's proposal was very good. Although in her heart, she did not want Li Mu to contribute to this matter. Helping him solve the problem was the right way to return the favor. However, Li Mu's idea was really good. No matter how perfect the national policy and the military policy were, it was impossible to give enough care to the relatives of the soldiers who sacrificed themselves and the disabled soldiers. If Li Mu succeeded in this matter, it would indeed be a very meaningful good thing for the Sword God Brigade. More importantly, Li Mu would need the soldiers of the Sword God Brigade or retired soldiers to protect his personal safety in the future. If he set up such a fund, it would also greatly improve the soldiers' impression of him. For them, protecting Li Mu made a big difference between carrying out a mission and being grateful for his kindness.

Therefore, Dufy said to Li Mu, "Well, I'll go back and talk to my family tonight. This matter will definitely not be a problem. I promise you."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I'll go back and think about the specific implementation rules of the fund carefully. I'll try to come up with a more perfect plan."

…

After dinner, Dufy drove home. Her sister, Du Wei, and her parents were watching TV with her grandparents in the living room. After Dufy came back, she joined them. After the TV series that her grandparents loved to watch finished, Dufy talked about what happened tonight. She said, "I had dinner with Li Mu tonight. He asked me for a favor."

The whole family was attracted by Dufy's words. Dufy's father, Du Kecheng, asked, "He asked you for help?

What kind of help? "

Dufy said, "Li Mu wants to find a few bodyguards from the Sword God Brigade."

Du Kecheng nodded and said to his wife next to him, "You talk to Big Brother and ask him to help as soon as possible. Li Mu takes care of Weiwei so much, so we have to show our gratitude."

Although Du Kecheng had never seen Li Mu, he appreciated Li Mu's kindness. It was not only because he was very good to Du Wei, but also because Dufy had been unwilling to return to China before. Now she was willing to come back to stay with her family. As far as he knew, it was also because Li Mu and Chen Ze had made some trouble together. If it were not for Li Mu, Chen Ze's vision alone would not have been able to attract Dufy to make the decision to return to China. Therefore, when he heard Dufy mention that Li Mu wanted to find bodyguards, his first reaction was to help him as soon as possible.

Dufy's mother actually thought the same, so when Du Kecheng said so, she said without hesitation, "I'll call Big Brother later and tell him."

Dufy hurriedly said, "By the way, Li Mu wants to set up a fund for the Sword God Brigade."

"A fund?" Du Kecheng frowned in surprise and looked puzzled.

Dufy told her family about Li Mu's views on this matter and the general idea of the fund. After that, Dufy's grandfather immediately clapped his hands and praised him, "This guy is really good!

No matter what his purpose is, it is very commendable that he can think of this level and grasp a practical and meaningful foothold! "

As far as the current national conditions were concerned, many businessmen couldn't wait to dig into the corner of the country and society for their own personal interests. Li Mu's awareness of paying attention to influence was already a small group of businessmen with a high level of awareness. Moreover, the foothold he chose was indeed very practical. In this day and age, if people still donated money to the army, it was basically a formalism. However, providing financial help to the families of the martyrs and the disabled soldiers was the real meaningful thing, so Dufy's grandfather particularly appreciated it.

Du Kecheng's view was the same. He found that he really couldn't find any fault with this young man, Li Mu, and he also refreshed his own understanding of him again and again. Therefore, his impression of Li Mu was getting better and better. He said, "Li Mu doesn't lack money, and he is willing to do something practical. This is a good thing. Honey, you can tell Big Brother. I believe he will be very happy."

Du Wei's mother nodded. She stood up and said to Du Wei's grandparents, "Dad, Mom, you talk. I'll go upstairs to make a phone call."

After Du Wei's mother walked away, Du Wei's grandfather said to Dufy, "Feifei, find time to ask Li Mu to come to our house for dinner. I can't wait to see this young man."

Dufy nodded and said with a smile, "Okay, I'll make an appointment with him later and see when he is free."

Du Wei's grandfather nodded slightly and said to his wife with a smile, "Shuxian, we have three granddaughters and two granddaughters. It would be great if Li Mu could become our grandson-in-law!"

The old lady said with a smile, "If this young man really came to our house to propose marriage, I would be willing to marry whoever he likes. But now children pay attention to free love. You can just think about this kind of thing. Don't make a fuss about it."

Du Wei couldn't help saying, "Grandpa, Grandma, Brother Li Mu has a girlfriend."

When the old man heard this, he sighed and said, "What a pity, what a pity!"