Chapter 126

The first floor of the shelter only had a cashier counter and a short corridor. At the end of the corridor was a staircase leading to the second floor. The main business was on the second floor.

When he went up to the second floor, there were already dozens of men and women gathered inside. There was even a banner that said, "A warm welcome to the Southern Su freshmen to join the National People's Congress's Southern Su Hometown Association."

Li Mu looked at the worn-out banner. It seemed that this thing had been used for several years. No wonder it didn't specify which year it was. It could be used again and again.

When he went upstairs, he suddenly received a lot of attention. Of course, most of these came from the infatuated boys. Their eyes were all looking for the same focus, and that focus was Su Yingxue, who was beside Li Mu.

Su Yingxue was a little uncomfortable and instinctively walked closer to Li Mu. The event hadn't started yet, and everyone was sitting around and chatting. Su Yingxue pointed to a booth in the corner and said to Li Mu, "Let's sit over there?"

Li Mu nodded. Before he could take a step, three girls and two boys surrounded him.

"Yingxue!"

These were Su Yingxue's junior high school classmates. Although they were not in the same class, they were still the top students she knew in junior high.

The two boys looked very shy. It seemed that they hadn't seen Su Yingxue for a few years. Meeting her in this kind of situation, they suddenly felt a little shy.

The other three girls seemed to have met Su Yingxue in private. At this moment, they pulled Su Yingxue to the side and whispered to each other. Li Mu was not far away. Sometimes, he vaguely heard a few keywords, such as senior, handsome, boyfriend, and so on.

Then Su Yingxue called Li Mu and Sun Jian to the front and introduced them to the three girls. The three girls were obviously more interested in Li Mu, which made Sun Jian's expression look a little sad.

Li Mu and Sun Jian sat for a while, bored. A tall and handsome boy jumped onto the small stage in the hall of the wind shelter. He held a wired microphone and said with a smile, "Everyone, please be quiet."

Someone came out to host, and the scene quickly quieted down. The tall and handsome boy showed a charming smile on his face and said loudly, "First of all, let me introduce myself. My name is Wu Shuai. I'm a third-year economics student at the National People's Congress School of Economics. I'm from Jinling. Today, I'm here to host this meeting."

The applause was thunderous, and the girls screamed. Someone shouted, "Senior Wu, you're so handsome …"

Wu Shuai was indeed quite good-looking. He had fair skin and long bangs, giving off a cool vibe.

Li Mu touched his airplane head. He thought to himself that he was indeed not as handsome as this kid, but this kid did look a little feminine and feminine.

Wu Shuai seemed to be used to this kind of screaming. He smiled and said, "Here, on behalf of all the old members of the National People's Congress's Southern Su Alumni Association, I welcome the new Southern Su students of the class of 01 to join us. In the future, everyone is a family in the National People's Congress and in Yan Jing. If there are any difficulties, all the members of our alumni association will not stand idly by!"

Wu Shuai's words were somewhat provocative to most of the students who had just arrived in Yan Jing, so there was another round of thunderous applause.

Li Mu looked on coldly. He thought to himself that this guy was interesting. He took the initiative to pay 30 yuan for Su Yingxue, so it was obvious that he was interested in Su Yingxue. If he guessed correctly, this Wu Shuai was probably going to launch a romantic, heartwarming, and considerate series of attacks on Su Yingxue, right?

As Wu Shuai spoke, he received a lot of infatuated gazes from the girls. However, he had been secretly paying attention to Su Yingxue. It seemed that Su Yingxue did not seem to be interested in him, because she did not raise her head to look at him from the beginning to the end.

She was really cold!

Wu Shuai thought to himself that he had met many cold-faced beauties. Su Yingxue was not the coldest. The coldest kind could freeze people with just a glance, but so what?

It was not like he had never dealt with iceberg beauties before. Only after he had dealt with them did he realize that the passion of an iceberg after it thawed was more powerful than a volcanic eruption. Last year, there was such a girl, and he could not get rid of her at all.

However, thinking about it, she was far inferior to Su Yingxue. If she could melt an iceberg like Su Yingxue, it would be equivalent to conquering Mount Everest in the career of picking up girls, right?

Wu Shuai thought about it and said, "Let me introduce to everyone that today's gathering is divided into two major parts. The first part is at the wind shelter, and the second part is dinner at 7 p.m. Of course, if you want to participate in the dinner and KTV after the end, you need to re-register and pay 50 yuan per person for the event."

After that, Wu Shuai did not give everyone time to think and said directly, "Let me talk about the first part first. Everyone has four hours to think about the dinner and KTV. After the first part, there are several subdivided parts. For example, after I open the meeting, we will enter the self-introduction part. Everyone came in with a number plate, so we will introduce ourselves one by one according to the order of the number plate."

Wu Shuai said as he took out a number plate with the number 1 written on it. "I am number 1. Let me introduce myself again: Hello everyone, my name is Wu Shuai, from Jinling. I like music and movies, like playing the guitar and singing. In addition, I starred in a cult movie this summer. I think you will see it after the National Day."

Applause, another round of applause. The group of girls almost became infatuated.

Wu Shuai was very satisfied with this response. He nodded and said, "Next, let's welcome number 2."

Number 2 was also a senior member. A boy stood up and chattered a lot.

Su Yingxue chatted with her junior high school classmate for a while, then said goodbye to Li Mu. When number 10 was introducing himself, she whispered to Li Mu, "It's so boring …"

Li Mu nodded. "The ability of the event organizer is indeed limited."

There were no waiters on the entire second floor. Although the drinks were unlimited, they had to pour themselves. Li Mu asked Su Yingxue what she wanted to drink, then went to get a few drinks. When he came back, it was only the 13th self-introduction, but it was already three o 'clock.

Li Mu calculated in his heart. When everyone finished introducing themselves, it would probably be five o 'clock.

Wu Shuai also realized this problem.

Some of them stood up and said their names and the city they were from before sitting down, but some of them didn't. They stood up and chattered nonstop, which made him a little annoyed. So, after the fifteenth person finished speaking, he interrupted and said, "Students, our time is limited, so we can't waste too much time. How about this, the next student will mainly introduce his or her name and the city he or she is from. This will also make it easier for the other students to find people from the same city. Let's leave some time for everyone to gather together and chat."

After Wu Shuai finished speaking, the people behind him were much more efficient. Basically, they introduced one person every ten seconds.

There were a total of 58 freshmen today. Including a dozen seniors, there were more than 70 people in total. This year, Renmin University had found a total of five students in Haizhou. In addition to Li Mu and Su Yingxue, there were two girls and one boy.

The boy named Dou Xueli turned out to be in the same major as Li Mu, but they were not in the same class. Maybe it was because these two boys were among the five people who took the National People's Congress in Haizhou this year, so after the introduction, Dou Xueli took the initiative to find Li Mu and chatted with him enthusiastically.

They were from the same province, so it was not a problem to say that they were from the same hometown, but they did not have much sense of identity. Because Hua Xia was too big, and many provinces were too big, so there were many dialects. Sometimes, it was normal for two neighboring cities to not understand each other's language. For example, Peng City in the north of Southern Jiangsu and Jinling City in the south spoke completely different languages. There was also a big gap between Haizhou and Jinling City, so they basically had to rely on Mandarin to communicate.

They were from the same city and spoke the same dialect, so they had a higher degree of recognition for this kind of people from the same hometown. Li Mu and Dou Xueli exchanged numbers. Dou Xueli said that he was also in the fifth building of the first courtyard. His dormitory was 519, which was downstairs from Li Mu's dormitory, which surprised both of them.

Dozens of people were divided into many small squares and chatting. The boy who had received them downstairs came to Wu Shuai and told him, "President Wu, the money you paid for Su Yingxue, she didn't take it."

Wu Shuai frowned. "What do you mean she didn't take it?"

The man roughly told him what had happened and then said, "That Li Mu is the guy sitting next to Su Yingxue."

Wu Shuai glanced at him and asked, "Is it the guy with short hair on both sides and long hair in the middle?"

"Yes, it's him."

Wu Shuai smacked his lips and thought that this guy was quite handsome, but a little dangerous.

Turning his head, Wu Shuai winked at the boy next to him. The boy understood and stood up, took out a wooden guitar from the side, and volunteered, "Everyone, let's liven up the atmosphere. There is karaoke in the shelter. If you are interested, you can come up and sing. Let me start by playing and singing a song for you."

Young people loved to be lively and noisy. Hearing his words, many people began to cheer. The boy went up and sang "Those Flowers", which was also one of the most popular songs sung by college students.

The boy's playing was average, and his singing was average, but he still received a lot of applause.

After singing a song, he suddenly said, "Actually, my level is only at the beginner level. Our President Wu's attainments are superb. Why don't everyone applaud and ask President Wu to come up and sing a song?"

The applause was thunderous again.

Wu Shuai went up the stage with a posture of reluctance, and everyone applauded. Li Mu, who had lived two lives, could tell at a glance that Wu Shuai was pretending to be pretentious.

At this time, Li Mu's phone rang. It was a text message from Chen Wan. "Bad boy, what are you doing!"

"Hehe, your little brother is watching someone pretend."

"Yo, how do you pretend?"

"Playing the guitar and singing."

"Who is it? Showing off in front of an expert. What song is he singing?"

Just as Li Mu was about to reply that he didn't know, he saw Wu Shuai sitting on a stool and saying to the microphone, "Then I'll sing a relatively niche song for everyone. It's called" Zebra, Zebra. "