Chapter 860

When Xu Bo said the words "Fantasy Westward Journey", Li Mu's heart was clear!

He was indeed awesome!

Even though Xu Bo was just an ordinary game developer who had just officially entered the industry, he already had the idea for "Fantasy Westward Journey" at this stage. This made Li Mu recognize his ability and mentality a little more.

Many great people in the future grew up little by little. Their strength, vision, and vision were also constantly improved as they grew. For example, Liu Shixiong. If one read his biography, one would know that from 2001 to 2003, Liu Shixiong was an ordinary self-employed person who sold optical and magnetic products in Zhongguancun. He made some money and lived a good life. Among his classmates who graduated from the National People's Congress, his income at that time was considered very high.

If it weren't for the changes during the SARS period, Liu Shixiong would not have founded JD.com. Moreover, JD.com did not have such great ambitions at the beginning of the era of 360 Buy. At that time, Liu Shixiong only thought about putting his products on the Internet so that his customers could complete the purchase at home, and he could hire people to deliver it. It was this idea that helped him open a window into e-commerce, allowing him to gradually improve himself in the field of e-commerce. He raised his vision and goals, which later led to JD.com becoming bigger and bigger.

In other words, until 2003, Liu Shixiong did not think about e-commerce. He did not plan for e-commerce. He did not think that if he tried e-commerce, it would bring him a higher vision.

It was not only Boss Liu. Almost all the great people were the same. Boss Ma also hoped to sell QQ for hundreds of thousands of yuan. That was because he did not realize how much room QQ had for development.

However, Old Xu was already one step ahead of them in this regard. When he was just a small figure, he had already begun to plan the future he wanted in his mind. He planned a blueprint that was far greater than his current situation. Although his achievements in the future were far less than that of Liu Shixiong, he was more ambitious in 2002 than Liu Shixiong in 2003.

It was precisely because of this that Li Mu firmly believed that Xu Bo must have a very perfect idea in his mind since he could say the name "Fantasy Westward Journey".

Then, Li Mu immediately decided, "Okay!

Fantasy Westward Journey, I like this name very much!

If you write this structure well, I'll give you the manpower and the budget, and let you lead the development of this game! "

Even when Li Mu asked Xu Bo to write the game's framework, Li Mu did not say that he would be in charge of the development. Old Xu did not expect that the boss would hand over the game to a newbie like him. In his mind, if his game's framework could be adopted by the company and he could be the game's architect, he would be very satisfied. However, he did not expect that Li Mu would give him the highest authority!

How could a newcomer be qualified?

This was truly a great trust and grace!

Old Xu was so excited that he could not even speak properly. He stammered, "Li Zong, you … you can rest assured. I will definitely work hard, I will definitely work hard. Oh no, I will definitely do my best to make the game's framework well!"

In Li Mu's future game development plan, the highest priority was "Fantasy Westward Journey". For this reason, he also decided to give Xu Bo strong support, so that he could make a better game than the original "Fantasy Westward Journey".

Currently, there was no game company that could introduce celebrities into the game. Li Mu was prepared to use "Fantasy Westward Journey" to bring in the classic characters from the movie "Fantasy Westward Journey". Due to copyright issues, names such as Joker and Zixia Fairy could not be used. However, it did not matter. He could find Zhu Yin and use her as a model to create a cartoon character that looked 80% like her. Changing the name and putting it in the game as an NPC would still be very attractive to the players.

In the few years before Li Mu's rebirth, the integration of Hua Xia's game market and celebrities had reached an extreme. All kinds of web-based games and client-side games started with third-rate actors from Hong Kong, and in the end, they hired first-rate actors from both sides of the Taiwan Strait to endorse them. The investment in celebrities doubled, and the reason was none other than the huge influence of celebrities.

In the beginning, when Lin Zicong endorsed a web-based game, she was especially loser. Everyone only thought that this game was a knockoff and a loser. However, no one would have thought that not long after, Deng Biao, who was very popular, also endorsed this web-based game. Thinking about Deng Biao's net worth at that time, everyone started to wonder how much money this game was making.

The real data was shocking. This knockoff and particularly low-class web-based game was the most profitable web-based game in the country for two years in a row. It made more than a billion yuan every year. It was so profitable that it made one's hands go limp.

Li Mu was very clear about the influence of celebrities. He also knew that celebrities could easily lead users to pay to realize their goal of cashing in. However, he was not willing to adopt the low-class model of letting celebrities carry a big knife to shoot advertisements. It would be best if he could integrate the celebrity's image into the game in a very natural way, so that users could interact with the celebrity NPC in the game. In this way, in the future, with the celebrity's live advertisements, celebrity blogs, and interaction on Tieba, it would also have a huge supporting effect on the promotion of the game.

In his future plans, Li Mu hoped to make full use of the celebrities' resources in the entertainment industry. He wanted them to become another engine for the development of the product.

The thing that Li Mu was least worried about at the moment was the resources in the entertainment industry. Although he had never been in the entertainment industry, he was very clear about the direction of the deep river that was the entertainment industry. In fact, everything in the entertainment industry revolved around cashing in.

Regardless of whether it was a singer or a movie star, they all pursued fame. Whether it was singing or acting, whether it was publicity or hype, the fundamental goal of the celebrities and the companies behind them was to find a good cashing in and turn their fame into income.

So, who was the most influential person in the entertainment industry?

It wasn't the best music producer or the best movie director. It was the platform or person with the most resources and cashing in.

Although Weibo did not make money, most celebrities attached great importance to it. This was because Weibo could provide them with a strong platform to gather fans. This was something that no other platform could achieve. The so-called so-called singers, movie stars, or Internet celebrities all chose to operate and hype their personal online influence on Weibo. For them, Weibo was an object that they had to maintain.

Li Mu had created a precedent in Hua Xia Internet. No Internet company could reach the current height of Makino Technology's influence on the entertainment industry. Li Mu's successive operations had made the entertainment industry realize the dissemination ability of the Internet in advance. Therefore, for the entire entertainment industry, Makino Technology was an outlet for cashing in resources. It was a platform that they had to find ways to please.

Influence had created the basic influence of Makino Technology on stars. On this basis, the sales of Taobao's audio-visual products and the promotion of Makino Technology through all channels had brought greater influence to the singers in the entertainment industry. Therefore, at present, Li Mu could confidently say that singers from both sides of the Taiwan Straits and Taobao, as long as they wanted to be popular, would definitely actively please the two major platforms, Makino Technology and Taobao. If Makino Technology needed help, the real cost it needed to pay was very low.

It wouldn't be long before Taobao's online ticketing system went online. Together with Li Mu's own cinema chain, it would definitely give a huge shock to all the cinemas in the country. Behind the online ticketing system was a larger user group, a more convenient ticket buying experience, and a simpler payment process for choosing seats. Behind all these conveniences, the core data that really affected the number of seats in the cinema was the attendance rate.

Li Mu had already planned a series of promotional activities with the online ticket system, so that his cinema chain would shock and influence the entire industry through the online ticket system.

Together with YY's strong promotion ability and the purchase and payment channels of Taobao and Alipay, the online ticket system would gradually become the choice of all offline cinema chains. Li Mu had absolute confidence that in a very short period of time, most of the cinema chains in the country would be connected to his online ticket system.

At that time, although the cinema chain would not be in his hands, most of the movie ticket transactions would be in his hands, and he would truly be able to control the domestic film box office!

At that time, through the online ticket system's control of the industry, it would allow the company to show a stronger influence in front of the movie stars. At that time, he would definitely be able to obtain the powerful resources of film and television stars at an extremely low cost.

Moreover, Li Mu was not worried at all that the online ticket system would encounter a strong opponent. Looking at the current domestic Internet companies, no one had the strength to compete with him in online tickets.

Teng Xun?

It was already an empty shell.

Ali?

Its Le Tao had not even been able to go online yet.

Meituan?

Micro Shadow?

Review?

Sorry, these had not been born yet.

Therefore, Li Mu's online ticket system was like a foreign invasion. It had no enemies in the country, so once it was launched, it would definitely be able to achieve a complete online monopoly.

At that time, the resources of the entertainment industry in the film and television industry would definitely be like a planet surrounding a star, consciously moving closer to him.

If Muye Technology needed the resources of a certain singer, then it could directly communicate with the other party's company and ask their singer to promote for them. In return, Muye Technology would give the singer a full-channel promotion. Why wouldn't the other party be happy?

This method was the same for movie stars. If Makino Technology needed the resources of a certain movie star, it could directly communicate with the other party's company or film company, and let the movie star promote Makino Technology. Correspondingly, YY could cooperate with the online ticket system to promote the movie star's movie. This kind of promotion could directly translate into the movie box office, not to mention the promotion of influence.

In that case, the launch of each new product in the future would have to be bundled with a large number of star resources to promote together, achieving twice the effect with half the effort.

For example, in the future, if his company developed an online game based on Jin Yong's works, he could find a large number of actors from Jin Yong's classic film and television works to promote the game platform.

The most popular characters of the demi-gods and semi-demons were Huang Rihua and Chen Haomin?

The most popular characters of The Condor Heroes were Gu Tianle and Li Ruotong?

The most popular character of The Deer and the Cauldron was Chen Xiaochun?

OK, he could directly communicate with the other party's company to exchange resources. He could let these stars transform into the characters they had played, become the game's NPC, and appear in a game that was played by millions or even tens of millions of people. If they helped him in this aspect, he would help them in other aspects. At the same time, it would also be a huge promotion for the stars themselves. For the stars and the companies behind them, it would definitely be more than what they could ask for.

After having a comprehensive plan to integrate the resources of the entertainment industry, Li Mu found Ding Zhenglin and Lin Ching-ah and gave them new work instructions.

"Qing Ya, the company will add a copyright purchasing department. You will be responsible for recruiting talents in content from the major publishing houses, film and television companies, and music companies on both sides of the Taiwan Strait. After the team is formed, let Old Ding be in charge."

Ding Zhenglin came from Sequoia and knew how to operate capital. He was also in charge of capital operations in Makino Technology, so Li Mu wanted to put him in charge of the copyright purchasing department. He was good at investment and acquisition of companies and products, so it would definitely not be a problem for him to invest and acquire intellectual property.