Chapter 621

Li Mu wanted to make an appointment with Ding Zhenglin immediately, but he calmed down and thought about it carefully. He didn't need to rush this matter. Even if he could poach Ding Zhenglin, he couldn't use him in the offshore company system, because Hui Ka Ming's team was helping him with these things. Even if Ding Zhenglin came, he didn't know him well enough, so he couldn't let him do this kind of thing.

Furthermore, the entire investment circle was waiting for him to summon them. Of the fifty-odd names on Lin Qingya's list, he could call any one of them at any time, and he was confident that they would be able to reach him in the shortest time possible. Standing in such an advantageous position, Li Mu was in complete control of the tempo. Thus, he decided to focus all his attention on the matter at hand.

Buying a house was the big thing at hand.

School would be on holiday soon, and it would only be two or three days. He had already made an appointment with Su Yingxue to go back with him a few days later. Su Yingxue could also accompany her sister Wang Xinran to take the college entrance examination in Yan Jing. After the college entrance examination, it would be the time for the summer brand activities, and he couldn't leave Yan Jing at that time. Therefore, he should be able to take some time to go back home in mid-July. If he went back home in mid-July, Li Mu had already prepared to gradually tell his family. He would stay at home for a period of time to mentally prepare his parents, and then bring them to Yan Jing. Therefore, he had to settle the matter of buying a house before mid-July, so that when his parents came to Yan Jing with him, they could directly live in the newly bought villa.

In order to achieve this goal, Li Mu commissioned a real estate agent to look for suitable villas in Yan Jing. In addition to villas, Li Mu also asked the real estate agent to help him find suitable houses near the National People's Congress and near Zhongguancun. If he bought one in each of these two places, it would be more convenient for him in the future.

Recently, the real estate agent helped Li Mu find a batch of suitable houses, and they were waiting for Li Mu to go to the site to look at the houses.

Therefore, when the whole investment circle was waiting to see Li Mu, Li Mu took a break and drove to the North Fourth Ring Road to choose a villa for himself.

In the past two years, there had been a series of villa areas near the North Fourth Ring Road, and there were also villa areas under construction. These villa areas were not large. In the future, when Yan Jing developed to the Fifth Ring Road, it would become a unique villa area in Yan Jing, and its value would be incomparable to the villas outside the Fifth Ring Road or even the Sixth Ring Road. Li Mu wanted to take his parents to Yan Jing for a period during this summer vacation, and tell them some of his secrets step by step. A villa was a good start in Li Mu's mind.

In Li Mu's view, if he wanted to gradually tell his parents that he had a net worth of tens of millions of yuan, it would be much better to start with a villa worth tens of millions of yuan than with a three-bedroom apartment that he rented in Yucheng Garden. Moreover, his parents needed a place to live when they came to Yan Jing.

Before looking at the house, Li Mu called Zhao Kang. Buying a house was a big deal, and if he looked at all kinds of houses, he would definitely be in a dilemma. It would be better to have an adviser by his side. As for why he called Zhao Kang, it was because Zhao Kang was one of the few people around Li Mu who knew everything about him. Recently, when he was busy, Li Mu only assigned tasks to him over the phone. During this time, they had not met each other, so he could take advantage of this opportunity to ask Zhao Kang to accompany him.

After making an appointment with Zhao Kang, Li Mu drove to Zhao Kang's school. When he drove out, through the rearview mirror, Li Mu found that the company's Benz S-class had been following his car about two or three parking spaces behind his car. This Benz was the car assigned to Chen Yuanlang's three-man tactical team. They had also begun the work of secretly following and protecting Li Mu's personal safety.

As for the two men sent by Xu Jianjun, Li Mu did not let them follow him at all times for the time being. Instead, he asked them to be on standby near Makino Technology.

After picking up Zhao Kang, Zhao Kang, who got in the car, could not help but ask Li Mu, "Has everything been settled in Hong Kong?"

Li Mu asked him curiously, "You know about it too?

The Chinese media hasn't reported about this, right? "

Zhao Kang smiled slightly. "My Internet Water Army is now all over the world. Basically, wherever there are Chinese, there will be Douban's Internet Water Army. I threw some money in and recruited some new core members in various places. Then, I let these core members devote themselves full-time to using it as an information network. Needless to say, the feedback of all kinds of information is very sensitive."

Li Mu exclaimed, "That's a good idea. In the future, we can strengthen and split the Internet Water Army team. It's not impossible to filter out an information network from them."

“

Zhao Kang nodded and said, "By the way, the entire Zu family has now gone to Australia. You didn't do it, did you?"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly. "Do I look like someone with such great ability to you?

I have no foundation in Hong Kong at all. "

Zhao Kang asked curiously, "Then who on earth is so awesome?"

Li Mu shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. Don't you have information channels? Didn't you find out?"

Zhao Kang said, "My core members' ranks are not high enough yet. They can easily find out some information, but if I want more in-depth information, I can't count on them."

Li Mu grunted. "Take it slow. We can't rush this kind of thing."

Zhao Kang nodded. Since Li Mu also said that he did not know who was behind the Zu family's incident, he did not ask further. Instead, they talked about buying a villa. He said to Li Mu, "Have you made up your mind?

Are you going to lay your cards on the table with Uncle Li and the others? "

Li Mu said, "I won't lay my cards on the table. Sooner or later, someone else will lay my cards on my behalf. If someone else lays their cards on the table, I'm afraid I'll scare them off if I use too much force."

Zhao Kang sighed softly. "You've got so many things on your plate now. It's already a miracle that you've been able to hide until now."

Li Mu said, "I didn't deliberately hide in the past. It's just that the media was more cooperative, so I just took advantage of the situation and kept a low profile."

Zhao Kang said casually, "I suspect that there's someone behind you, and it's a very powerful person."

"Is that so?" Li Mu asked curiously. "What do you think?"

Zhao Kang said, "I don't know the specifics, but let's not talk about other things. There's definitely someone in the media who's behind you."

Li Mu nodded. "Someone is behind me, but it might not be a long-term plan. It'll be exposed sooner or later, so I have to prepare in advance."

Zhao Kang laughed. "If it'll be exposed, then so be it. Anyway, everything you've done is completely legal. It's not a bad idea to expose it and let the entrepreneurs all over the country worship you."

Li Mu laughed. "I'm ready. Let nature take its course. Come, let's go take a look at the house."

…

Li Mu had now completely lost interest in hoarding houses, and he didn't have to consider distant issues like his children's education in the future. So, the principle of choosing a villa was very simple. As long as the location was good, the house was good, and everything else didn't matter.

The real estate agent brought Li Mu to look at a few villas outside the North Fourth Loop, but Li Mu basically didn't think much of them. This was because most of them had just been put up for sale, and the residential area was very empty and deserted. Moreover, it was a big project to buy them and renovate them. Even if they were entrusted to a highly efficient renovation company, it would be next year before they could be moved in.

The real estate agent brought Li Mu to look at a few quasi-new houses. Generally, the owners bought them and renovated them, but they had to sell them before they moved in. This kind of house was more in line with Li Mu's requirements. As he looked around, he accidentally saw the residential area where Zhao Ziqiu's family villa was located.

When the real estate agent of this residential area told Li Mu, "Not far west from here, there is a villa area. There is a very good house for sale in that villa area. It is also a quasi-new house. The owner is an outsider, and he hasn't moved in since it was completely renovated. I've seen the house once before, and the renovations are very good. It is said that the owner specially hired a foreign designer to design and renovate it. All the household appliances and furniture are pure imported products. They haven't been used since they moved in, and they even have dust covers. However, the price is a little high, and the owner isn't willing to give a discount on the soft and hard renovations. All of them are included in the transaction price, which is more than 30 million."

After hearing this, Li Mu was very tempted. After the renovations were completed, he hadn't moved in yet. Taking over such a house was much more convenient than buying a new house. Moreover, the original owner had never lived in it before, so there wouldn't be any psychological grudges about living in a second-hand house. As for the original owner's renovation style, Li Mu didn't really care. He didn't really pursue these things. As long as he lived comfortably, it was fine. As for the price, it really didn't matter.

Storm Entertainment's revenue was enough for him to show off. Just as he was about to ask the real estate agent to bring him over to take a look, and then carefully calculate the geographical location, Li Mu suddenly felt awkward. If he went further west from where he was, it seemed to be the villa area where Zhao Ziqiu's family lived. Li Mu didn't want to be neighbors with Zhao Ziqiu's parents.

The real estate agent saw Li Mu's hesitation and thought that Li Mu might think that the price was too high, so he hurriedly said, "How about this, there are better houses further north. Why don't I go back and help you sort them out carefully, and then arrange a time to bring you over to take a look?"

Zhao Kang accompanied Li Mu to look around. In his heart, he understood Li Mu's needs very well. The house that the real estate agent mentioned just now sounded very suitable. As long as the house was bought, Li Mu's parents could come and live in it at any time. Although he didn't see the house, after all, it was specially designed by a designer. The renovation, electrical appliances, and furniture were all imported. Regardless of the renovation effect, the house would definitely be very comfortable to live in. Moreover, the price of more than 30 million was indeed a little scary, but Zhao Kang knew that this amount of money was really nothing to Li Mu.

Therefore, he quietly asked Li Mu, "I think this house is quite good. Why are you hesitating?"

Li Mu just felt a little uncomfortable thinking about it, but after thinking about it carefully, he remembered that Zhao Ziqiu's parents didn't often stay in Yanjing, not to mention that the villa area was a single-family house. They had to drive in and out of the house, and the chances of neighbors meeting each other were basically negligible. He didn't need to think too much about it. As long as the house was suitable, it would be enough to satisfy his immediate needs.

Immediately, Li Mu said to the real estate agent, "Bring us over to have a look."