Chapter 983

Li Mu suddenly felt that Wei Lan's selfishness was too heavy.

The reason why she had agreed to film the case on the big screen was that she wanted to take this opportunity to benefit herself.

When Wei Lan was kidnapped, he had truly felt the hidden danger that the lack of surveillance coverage would bring to public security. That was why he had decided to set up the Skynet surveillance system. Wei Lan knew very well that the process of the case had given her this feeling. Once it was moved to the big screen, through the performance of a good scriptwriter, director, and actors, this feeling would definitely be released to the audience.

Needless to say, once the movie was released, regardless of whether it was good or not, it would definitely make all the audience eager to improve public security. Once this subconscious change was brought to the audience, the Skynet surveillance system would become a popular product. At that time, the resistance to the popularization of this system would definitely be reduced to the minimum.

That alone was not enough. Wei Lan even thought of her own Makino Image. She actually asked Makino Image to invest in the production, which immediately shut out the film and television companies that really wanted to make this movie.

To be honest, Li Mu didn't want to invest in this movie. He always felt that it was a bit painful to consume Wei Lan, so he said to Wei Lan, "Thank you, Wei Lan, but if you really want to see that case turned into a movie, then don't let Makino Image make this movie. Makino Image is actually an empty shell, and it lacks experience."

Wei Lan said, "I think I can only rest assured if Makino Image makes this movie."

Wei Lan then added, "Many movies adapted from real events or novels lack respect for the story itself. Many times, they change the story beyond recognition for some personal purpose. So, I think I can only rest assured if Mu Ye Imprint is in charge of this movie."

Li Mu said, "If you are afraid that the adaptation will be too outrageous, then you can ask them to look at the script in advance."

"I don't want to …" Wei Lan almost said to Li Mu in a tone that almost sounded like a spoiled child for the first time, "I don't trust anyone else, I only trust you."

Wei Lan said after a moment of hesitation, "If it's possible, I hope you can be the screenwriter."

"Me?" Li Mu's head swelled up. "I'm not cut out for this."

"I don't believe it." Wei Lan said, "You wrote and directed 'Old Boys', right?

I've watched it several times. Whether it's the screenwriter or the director, you're very good. "

Li Mu said, "That's just a toy …"

Once again, Wei Lan used the tone of a spoiled child. "Oh, just promise me this time. This is probably the only time in my life that I'll ask you for something like this. Makino Technology is going to shoot this movie. I don't care who's going to be the director or the lead actor, but the screenwriter must be you."

Li Mu had intended to decline her politely, but Wei Lan's tone made him unable to say anything tactfully.

How could Li Mu not know that Wei Lan's' begging 'for his help was actually to help him?

If he were to continue acting pretentiously at this time, he would really lose face.

So, Li Mu sighed and said, "Okay then. Makino Impression will shoot the movie, and I'll write the script."

Wei Lan immediately became happy and said with a smile, "Then when you write the script, I want to be the first audience!"

"Okay!

I'll show you the script as soon as it's written! "

…

When the car drove into the border of Haizhou, it was almost eleven o 'clock at night.

Li Mu's parents knew that he was going home, so they hadn't gone to bed yet. They were sitting on the sofa at home, waiting.

When Li Mu rang the doorbell, Li Ma, who had been waiting anxiously, hurriedly got up to open the door for him.

As soon as she opened the door, she saw Li Mu, who was travel-worn and slightly tired. Li Ma suddenly felt sorry for him and said to Li Mu, "Son, you've been in the car for so long. Are you tired?"

Li Mu entered the door, changed his shoes, and said with a smile, "I'm not tired. I even slept in the car, so I'm full of energy."

As he spoke, Li Mu and Li Ma walked into the living room together. Papa Lee had already stood up from the sofa and said excitedly, "Your mother and I have been waiting for you all night. Have you had dinner?

Your mother was afraid that you would be hungry, so she specially left zhajiang noodles for you. "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Then I'll quickly have a bowl. I'm hungry."

Li Ma hurriedly went to serve a bowl of noodles for Li Mu, and Li Mu simply sat on the sofa and ate it. He had been rushing all the way, so he was not in the mood to eat, let alone feel hungry. However, as soon as he arrived home, he felt unbearably hungry.

Seeing Li Mu eat the noodles, Li Ma said with some distress, "If I had known that it would take so long to drive, I wouldn't have let you come back."

Li Mu said while eating, "It's my fault. I didn't think about going home during the National Day holiday. Mom, don't be angry with me."

Li Ma said with self-blame, "I said those words in anger on the phone. At that time, I didn't consider that Hangzhou is far from home, and going home is much more troublesome than going back to Yan Jing."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Mom, it's not troublesome to go home, no matter how far it is."

Li Ma shook her head and sighed softly. Looking at Li Mu's tired and hungry appearance, the self-blame in her heart was not relieved by Li Mu's words at all.

At this time, Papa Lee asked him, "Son, why did you go to Hangzhou?"

Li Mu said truthfully, "I went to Hangzhou to buy a company that does a good job in security monitoring."

"Security monitoring?" Both of them were a little surprised. They asked Li Mu, "Why did you suddenly do this?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I have an idea. I want to develop a monitoring system to improve the security of the city."

Then, Li Mu told his parents the idea of the SkyNet system.

After listening to Li Mu's plan for the SkyNet system, the couple praised the idea.

Papa Lee had been a skilled worker for half of his life and could be regarded as an intellectual, so he had a strong sense of social responsibility. He said to Li Mu, "Son, your SkyNet system is of great significance. If it is done well, it can save the lives and property of countless people, and it can also bring more criminals to justice. So you must do a good job. Don't give up halfway."

Li Mu nodded solemnly, "Don't worry, Dad. Once I finish integrating the security monitoring resources, the development of the SkyNet system will be very fast. In the next few years, the SkyNet system will definitely cover all the cities in the country."

Papa Lee said seriously, "I couldn't even dream of your current achievements in the past. But among all your achievements, the one I'm most proud of is actually the 3321 that doesn't earn a single cent. Now, it seems that the SkyNet system can also become one of them."

Li Mu naturally understood his father very well. Most of his sense of social responsibility came from what he saw and heard every day. This was especially important to him. If it wasn't for the fact that he always had a sense of social responsibility in his mind, Li Mu would never have thought of a business model like 3321. Even if he were to incubate Alipay, he would definitely choose a business model that was truly profitable to incubate.

If there wasn't 3321, the only way to incubate Alipay would be through Taobao. That was to first cultivate the citizens' awareness of online shopping. After the citizens had a demand for online shopping, they would then promote Alipay among online shoppers with "safe payments" as the core point. But in this way, it would probably become more difficult for Alipay and Taobao to really get off the ground.

It could be said that 3321 created Alipay, and at the same time, it also provided a high-quality payment user base for Taobao. That was why Taobao could develop smoothly and leave all its competitors far behind.

Looking at it this way, Li Mu himself had also benefited a lot from 3321, a non-profit educational charity project.

The Skynet surveillance system, like 3321, was born out of Li Mu's strong sense of social responsibility. When Li Mu first came up with this idea, he really didn't think that the security surveillance field would bring him so much profit. But when he really started to push this project forward, Li Mu unexpectedly gained a future security surveillance giant — Hikvision.

With his huge support, Li Mu believed that Hikvision, which was still worrying about a few million R&D funds, would represent a high market value of more than 100 billion RMB in the future. This was an unexpected gain when he conceived the Skynet surveillance system.

Now it seemed that Li Mu increasingly felt that social responsibility was really a good thing. When you really wanted to benefit society and contribute to society, society would always give you unexpected rewards in other aspects.

After chatting with his parents until it was almost one o 'clock, Li Mu then returned to his room. After taking a shower, the originally exhausted Li Mu felt a lot more refreshed.

Lying on the bed, Li Mu suddenly thought about what he promised Wei Lan. When he thought about writing a script about Wei Lan's 24-hour kidnapping, his mind began to involuntarily start to flash many realistic and imaginary scenes. He even began to think about the specific presentation of the film and television concept in his mind.

Li Mu felt that since he was going to do it, he had to do it well. He didn't want the script he wrote and the movie he shot to end up in failure. So he began to think about how to conceive the script so that the movie would be recognized by the market.

Then, Li Mu began to carefully analyze the various details.

First of all, since it was going to be adapted into a movie, he had to first omit the complicated relationship background between himself and Wei Lan, as well as the interests involved. He couldn't reflect his real relationship with Wei Lan. For example, Wei Lan was his subordinate, but he owed Wei Lan hundreds of millions in cash. This would not only weaken the main plot, but it would also expose himself and Wei Lan. Anyone who had a little understanding of himself and Wei Lan would be able to guess that the main characters in this movie were Wei Lan and himself.

After thinking about it, Li Mu felt that he should follow the principle of making small changes to the details of the case and big changes to the background of the identity. He should make the characters of himself and Wei Lan deeply into a movie, and the best way to do so was to set the relationship between himself and Wei Lan as a couple.

To make it into a movie, first of all, there had to be enough conflicts between the characters and the plot. So, Li Mu felt that the best setting was not only to set himself and Wei Lan as a couple, but also to set them as a couple who had some temporary cracks in their relationship and entered a cold phase. Following this principle, the relationship between the male and female lead in the movie would continue to repair, heal, and even sublimate as the case progressed. Finally, it would reach its peak. Only then would it be able to cater to the audience to the greatest extent.

Restraining feelings first and then elevating them was also a plot that urban men and women loved to see.

Secondly, the setting of the identity had to be as pleasing as possible.

For example, the male identity that women liked the most was definitely an overbearing president, while the female identity that men liked the most was a host or a celebrity. So, the best solution was to set himself as an overbearing president and set Wei Lan as a celebrity host.

In this way, the background of the plot was: the male lead, who was an overbearing president, and the female lead, who was a celebrity host, were experiencing a serious cold war. The female lead felt that the male lead was too focused on his work and neglected her. The male lead felt that the female lead did not understand and tolerate his work enough. The gradual quarrel made him gradually lose his patience.

It was such a pair of seemingly united but actually at odds with each other. Suddenly, the female lead was targeted by a few professional kidnappers. As for the leader of the kidnappers, which was the character of Song Zhilei, Li Mu also made some adjustments.

The character of Song Zhilei was set by Li Mu to be the male lead's former rival. Because of the male lead's decisiveness in the business world, Song Zhilei went bankrupt and hated him to the core. After Song Zhilei sent his wife and child overseas, he prepared to find the male lead in China for revenge. He kidnapped the male lead's girlfriend and extorted a huge amount of money from him. He looked forward to killing the male lead after he succeeded and taking the money to reunite with his wife overseas.

The male lead, who was in a cold war with the female lead, was completely focused on his work. Late at night, he was still organizing an important meeting. The female lead, who had just gotten off work from the television station, called and questioned why he did not take the initiative to call her. The male lead somewhat coldly claimed that he was busy with work and did not have the time. He even advised her to be more mature and not be unreasonable. The female lead finally could not take it anymore. She yelled and scolded the male lead over the phone. She threw down a harsh word of a breakup and then drove home. On the way home, she cried as she drove, showing that the female lead actually still had deep feelings for the male lead.

The male lead did not take the female lead's talk of a breakup seriously. He did not care at all and continued to work overtime with his staff late at night, giving the audience the illusion that the male lead no longer loved the female lead. At this time, the plot suddenly changed. The female lead was kidnapped by the kidnappers in two cars!

When the male lead's meeting reached a critical moment, he suddenly received a call from the female lead's cell phone. The male lead became a little impatient when he thought of her and refused to answer the phone several times. This almost caused the kidnappers and the kidnapped female lead on the other end of the phone to sink into despair.

At this critical moment, the male lead's determination still wavered a little. Perhaps it was because he was not tired of it, or perhaps it was because he still had feelings for the female lead deep in his heart, but he stopped the meeting, picked up the phone, and coldly asked the female lead what she wanted to do.

At this time, the kidnappers' voice sounded. Only then did the male lead know that the female lead had been kidnapped.

After that, the male lead, who was actually very worried about the female lead's safety, began a battle of wits and courage with the kidnappers. He fought for the opportunity to communicate with the female lead, and thus used the previous conversation between the two of them to cleverly reveal the identity of the criminal leader to the male lead.

During this period, whenever the male lead reached the most tense moment, he would take out a proposal ring that he had bought long ago from the drawer in his office. The intention was to let the audience know that although the two of them frequently quarreled and lacked mutual understanding, the male lead still deeply loved the female lead and had plans to propose to her.

After that, how the male lead solved the case together with the police, the advancement of various clues was presented in the film and television method. Many clues were released one by one and failed one by one, causing the atmosphere of the movie to reach a particularly tense critical point.

At this time, the male lead used the method that Li Mu used in the past to filter through the clues bit by bit. Like finding a needle in a haystack, he miraculously locked onto the criminal leader's phone number. The plot progressed layer by layer and was exciting. At the same time, it also attracted the audience's attention, constantly waiting for the moment when the male lead successfully locked onto the criminal's phone number.

After the plot reached a climax, the plot entered the rescue stage. Through the efforts of the police, the female lead was successfully rescued.

After the female lead was rescued, she discovered that the male lead had also arrived at the scene. She desperately ran to him, hugged him, and cried.

Then, the male lead took out the ring and knelt on one knee. He looked at the female lead without saying a word. The female lead was so happy that she cried and stretched out her right hand …

At this time, before the camera could show the male lead putting the diamond ring on her, the big screen turned black and the movie ended.

During the whole process of surviving the disaster, hugging and crying, proposing, and agreeing to the proposal, there was not a single word of dialogue.

This kind of adaptation was a little melodramatic, but Li Mu felt that if he wanted to cater to the public and create a high box office and influence, melodramatic was almost indispensable.

After sorting out his thoughts, Li Mu used his laptop to write from one o 'clock in the evening to seven o' clock in the morning. After waking up, he ate some food and continued to write until two o 'clock the next day.

After more than ten hours of writing, Li Mu finished the script of the movie. After writing the word "End", Li Mu turned around and thought about the name of the movie. It didn't take long before the last pot of melodrama was finalized. On the title, Li Mu wrote four big words: "Hot Pursuit."

…