Chapter 1103

Li Mu realised that no matter where Wei Lan was, she would always be the best scenery in his field of vision.

Watching her standing on the roadside with her long hair and long dress fluttering in the sea breeze, Li Mu sighed inwardly. "Such a woman is simply a magic weapon in a martial arts novel. She will definitely arouse the desire of everyone to fight for her."

Practically all the men around Wei Lan were looking at her from all sorts of weird angles. He had no idea if the two cars rear-ended because of the driver peeking at Wei Lan.

Li Mu stopped his car beside Wei Lan and rolled down the window. He then told Wei Lan to get in. A smile instantly appeared on Wei Lan's face as she opened the door and entered.

When the men that were looking at Wei Lan saw her entering an ordinary GL8, all of them felt that it was a pity in their hearts. Everyone felt that an ordinary business vehicle like the GL8 wasn't worthy of such a peerless beauty like Wei Lan.

Many people guessed that the vehicle that would pick her up would be a Benz, a Bentley, or even a Rolls-Royce or Ferrari. But there was nothing they could do about it, since it just had to be an ordinary GL8.

When Wei Lan entered the car, Li Mu immediately stepped on the accelerator and drove away. He didn't want to be stared at by so many people. If someone recognized him through the window, it wouldn't be good if it was posted on the internet.

However, Li Mu also sighed in his heart. The pressure of being a celebrity was much lesser nowadays. Out of a hundred people on the streets, there might not be a single person with a camera. Unlike ten years later, everyone on the streets would have a smartphone, and the first thing they would do when they see a celebrity would be to take pictures. At that time, it would be hard to protect the privacy of a celebrity.

Seeing that Li Mu was driving a little too fast, Wei Lan stared at him and asked with interest, "Why are you driving so fast?

It seems like someone is chasing us away. "

Raising his brows, Li Mu smiled. "There are so many men paying attention to you, and they will definitely want to see what the driver looks like. You have to get rid of them quickly, or they will kill you with their gazes."

"Nonsense."

A trace of shyness flashed in Wei Lan's eyes. Although she acted like an ordinary friend after getting in the car, she was extremely nervous seeing Li Mu again after so many days.

No matter how confident Wei Lan usually was, when she saw Li Mu, all the confidence in her heart almost lost its effect. All that was left was apprehension. She was worried that her clothes were not good enough, worried that her hairstyle was not beautiful enough, worried that everything she did was not perfect enough.

To Wei Lan, Li Mu was like a supreme treasure that had pulled out Zixia Fairy's sword. Only he could open the door to her heart and make her fall for him.

After driving for a few kilometers, Li Mu asked Wei Lan while driving, "What do you want to eat?"

Looking at Li Mu's handsome face, Wei Lan was infatuated. She felt that Li Mu's side profile was simply too handsome when he was focused on driving. This man was younger than her by a few years, but no matter what he did, he would always have a serious and focused look that made her infatuated.

Looking at Li Mu, Wei Lan's beautiful eyes wandered. "I'm fine with anything, but is it suitable for you to eat in public?"

Li Mu lightly smiled. "It's not suitable, but fortunately, Old Chen introduced me to a restaurant. The owner can be considered his friend, and he took good care of me."

Wei Lan nodded and smiled. "Then let's go to the restaurant you mentioned!"

"Alright." Li Mu replied, then asked her, "Oh right, what did you guys go to Hong Kong to investigate?"

Wei Lan smiled. "I brought my team to look at some of the comprehensive malls in Hong Kong. After all, Hong Kong's retail industry is leading in Asia, and there are many things that we can learn from."

Li Mu asked her, "What did you gain?"

Wei Lan said with a serious face, "We've gained quite a lot. There are very few comprehensive malls in the country, and most of them are outdated. Their management experience is even worse. From hardware design, construction, and software, we need to learn from the developed market."

Saying that, Wei Lan continued, "But we are also different from Hong Kong, and there are also some areas that aren't quite reasonable. We still need to learn from each other's strengths."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "These are your strengths. I don't understand them, so everything will be based on you. You will come up with the plan, and the rest of us will only serve as references."

Wei Lan smiled, then said seriously, "I will try my best not to let you guys down."

Saying that, Wei Lan looked at Li Mu and smiled. "Tell me, how did you feel about going to America?

I heard from my dad that the Americans want to treat you like a god? "

Li Mu laughed at himself. "That's too exaggerated. They just gave me a little more praise. With my current strength, I can't even be ranked in the United States."

Wei Lan said seriously, "It's not the same. Those who are stronger than you are either much older or have a much stronger background than you. As for those who are as young as you and started from scratch, other than you, I'm afraid there isn't even a tenth of you."

Li Mu smiled. "What's the use of that?

It's like comparing weight classes with your opponents. If your opponent is 100kg and you are 60kg, you will selectively compare yourself with the 60kg opponent. This kind of comparison is nothing more than self-consolation. "

Saying that, Li Mu's expression became serious. "The real battlefield doesn't care about weight classes. In the future, if my opponents weigh 200kg, they won't go easy on me just because I'm only 60kg. What I'm after is not only to dominate my opponents in the same weight class, but to step on all my opponents."

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu spoke in a relaxed manner, but his expression and tone were particularly serious. She couldn't help but marvel in her heart. What kind of monster was he? He was so young, but he had such high requirements for himself. What he said was extremely arrogant, not to mention a 20-year-old young man. However, Wei Lan didn't think that Li Mu's words were arrogant at all. Instead, she felt that Li Mu had a kind of confidence and domineeringness that didn't match his age, and this kind of temperament had a fatal attraction to her at all times.

While Li Mu was in the United States, Wei Lan had been using various methods to pay attention to Li Mu's every move in the United States. Due to the time difference, she would work during the day and contact her parents in the United States every night. She would ask them how the American newspapers and magazines reported on Li Mu, and how the American television media evaluated Li Mu. Every time she heard about the American media's crazy praise for Li Mu, she would be so excited that she couldn't sleep at night.

Especially when she saw the video of Li Mu's speech at Harvard, her admiration and admiration for him reached a peak. That night, Wei Lan couldn't sleep at all. When she thought about Li Mu's passionate speech, she laughed; when she thought about the distance between her and Li Mu, she cried; when she thought about the favor she owed Li Mu, she sighed; when she thought about the position Li Mu had in her, she felt a little resentful.

After Li Mu left her at Wanying, he rarely cared about her and rarely contacted her. It seemed like he had positioned himself as a professional manager.

She knew that Li Mu's position wasn't wrong, but she couldn't help but feel wronged.

She felt wronged not because Li Mu had let her down, but because no one knew that she had always been madly in love with him. Whether it was the age difference, the difference in status, or the difference in ability, she didn't dare to express her feelings. However, the man beside her had never stopped being outstanding. Instead, he emitted a fatal temptation that made her fall deeper and deeper. She looked calm on the surface, but deep in her heart, she had long been unable to extricate herself.

Sometimes, Wei Lan felt that she might not fall in love with any man other than Li Mu in this life. After falling in love with Li Mu, she could only make do with any man. However, the gap between her and Li Mu was too big. Her family still owed him a huge favor. In this unequal situation, it was even more impossible for her and Li Mu to be together. However, Wei Lan really didn't want to give up.

Sometimes, Wei Lan even thought that if she couldn't have an emotional intersection with Li Mu for the rest of her life, she would definitely be unwilling. However, if she really wanted to analyze it, she didn't have the confidence. In this case, it was better to find a chance to confess to Li Mu. She didn't ask to be his girlfriend, nor did she ask to marry him. If he could accept her, she would follow him for the rest of her life. In front of others, she would be his right-hand man. Behind others, she would be his secret lover. She didn't ask for anything else. She just wanted to have a place for herself in his heart.

In a person's life, the most important thing was to have no regrets. As for other rules and regulations, she didn't care at all.

If he loved her in the future and allowed her to have a child, it would be the most perfect thing she could think of. She wouldn't have any regrets in this life.

Thinking of this, Wei Lan's eyes were even a little hot. Coincidentally, on the radio that Li Mu had been playing, after a song, the DJ's voice came, "A Miss Huang called and said that today is the birthday of the boy she likes. She hopes to wish him a happy birthday here and say to him: Third Brother, do you know that I have liked you for a long time? At the same time, Miss Huang also hopes to order a song to wish her sweetheart a happy birthday. She also hopes that her sweetheart can understand her feelings."

After saying all this, the DJ paused for a moment and then said, "Alright, next, please enjoy the song that Miss Huang ordered for her sweetheart, 'Crazy for Love,' from Liu Xiaoying …"

The song 'Crazy for Love' that Chen Sheng wrote for Liu Xiaoying had Chen Sheng's style and imprint everywhere. The lyrics were simple and direct, but they touched the heart. When the song played on the radio, Li Mu, who was driving, couldn't help but hum along.

When the song reached the chorus, "I want to ask you if you dare to be crazy for love like me."

At that moment, Wei Lan's eyes turned sour. The tears that she had been holding back for a long time turned into bean-sized teardrops that dripped down. Wei Lan hurriedly turned her head away and secretly wiped her tears with her sleeves. She glanced at Li Mu from the corner of her eye and realized that he was focused on driving and wasn't looking at her at all. She felt even more disappointed.

Li Mu had already called the owner of the restaurant, and the car soon drove to the underground garage of a building. There was an elevator dedicated to the hotel, and the owner of the restaurant had been waiting for a long time in front of the elevator in front of the hotel parking space.

Li Mu parked the car and then said to Wei Lan, who was beside him, "Let's get out. We've arrived."

Wei Lan then put away her emotions and thoughts. Afraid that Li Mu would notice something, she deliberately stretched and rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand. She said with a hint of laziness, "Aiya, I'm so tired. I'm so tired today!"

Eyes that were rubbed would turn red, so when Li Mu saw Wei Lan's red eyes, he didn't notice anything. He just smiled indifferently and said to her, "If you're too tired, take a good rest for a few days. The weather in Shenzhen is not bad. It's neither hot nor cold, so it's comfortable. You also have a bestie here, so why don't you stay for two more days and rest well before returning to Yanjing?"

Li Mu knew that Wei Lan didn't have any friends in Yanjing, and her parents were both overseas. It was rare to hear that she had a bestie in Shenzhen, so she probably didn't have many opportunities to see her. Since she was here, he naturally hoped that she could stay with her bestie for a few more days.

Wei Lan smiled bitterly in her heart. What bestie do I have? If I really "rest" here for a few days, wouldn't I have to stay in a hotel every day?

However, even if she stayed in a hotel, at least she would be in the same city as Li Mu. That way, there would be more opportunities for them to meet.

So Wei Lan asked without confidence, "Li Zong, are you telling the truth?"

Li Mu nodded. "Of course, there's nothing to doubt."

Wei Lan said, "It's quite busy in Yanjing …"

Li Mu said, "It's a commercial real estate project. The battle line has already been out for more than a year. Why would you care about a few days?

Besides, you can't do a lot of the work yourself. Even if you're not here for the time being, it's impossible to stop the whole project. "

Wei Lan pursed her lips and said, "That's true …"