Chapter 1175

Li Mu felt that sometimes people had to be more shameless.

In his previous life, he had only treated "The Strongest Samurai" as a commercial film. But in this life, he had succeeded. His level of thinking had reached a higher level, and he had a deeper and more complete view of the problem. Only then did he realize that there was another layer of meaning behind this movie.

Since you can flatter and whitewash the spirit of the extreme samurai, why can't I blacken you?

Li Mu didn't care about the unknown source of the capital behind "The Last Samurai". This movie had blocked his way in many ways. It had blocked his way to spread the Hua Xia culture and the spirit of Hua Xia to the world, and it had blocked his way to expose the true crimes of Japan during World War II to the world.

Since you're blocking my way, and you're still going against me, then I'm going to blacken you to death!

If I don't blacken you to death, I'll have worked so hard in the Internet industry for nothing.

Moreover, Li Mu had already made up his mind this time. He would disregard his moral integrity and resort to any means possible. Everything he did was to blacken the movie to death. Not only the movie itself, but also the actors and directors. None of them would be spared!

Not only did he want to publish the detailed plot of this movie, but he also wanted to find ways to stir up the nationalist emotions of the American audience. He wanted to subtly influence a large number of people to accept his brainwashing, and then make them spontaneously boycott this movie, this movie's director, actors, and even the company that invested and produced this movie.

Li Mu wanted to turn "The Last Samurai" into an object of extreme hatred for the Americans before it was completed. He wanted this movie to become a black hole that no one in Hollywood dared to touch!

People in every country had their own nationalism and nationalistic spirit. Therefore, public figures and films and television works had to seek development based on the nationalism and nationalism of their home country or market country. This had become an iron law of business. For example, no one dared to make films and television works that praised the Nazis, because once such works were filmed, they would definitely be rejected by the whole world.

The crimes committed by Japan's extreme bushido during the war were not much different from those committed by the Nazis, but because the Japanese government itself had been trying to avoid responsibility for the war, the extreme bushido spirit was far less notorious than Nazism on a global scale.

Li Mu knew very well that "The Last Samurai" itself was flattering and beautifying the extreme samurai spirit of Japan, so this was the key to its popularity. As long as he did it well, he would definitely be able to make it the object of contempt and disgust for all Americans.

After all, the methods and emotions of the people to protect their nationalism did not distinguish between national boundaries, or even right and wrong.

For example, in his previous life, there were a few Japanese film and television actors who developed their career in Hua Xia. Because they participated in a film and TV series about the Japanese invasion, they were spurned and ostracized by a large number of Japanese people. They were even threatened with death in Japan. Objectively speaking, they did not do anything wrong. Instead, they were doing the right thing. However, the Japanese people were nationalistic and could not care less about right and wrong. This was the great influence of national nationalism.

For the sake of national nationalism, even the wrong point of view could be accepted by most people in a country, let alone those who were right.

After a lot of overall consideration, a perfect and huge plan had gradually matured in Li Mu's mind.

This time, Li Mu did not directly ask Zhao Kang for help, because this involved him exposing all the detailed plot of "The Last Samurai" in advance. This in itself was a big bug. If he let Zhao Kang do it, it would cause unnecessary trouble in case Zhao Kang had doubts and questioned the way he obtained the information.

Moreover, if he wanted to discredit this movie, he had to hide his traces very thoroughly. Not only could he not let Hollywood have the opportunity and clues to find him, but he also could not let the Japanese capital behind this movie find him.

Although Zhao Kang's core Internet Water Army was good at avoiding tracking, it was probably still far from being able to deal with Hollywood and the Japanese conglomerates. Therefore, this matter could only be done by himself. At the very least, he had to first release the detailed script of the movie and some guiding comments. After this matter gained a certain amount of popularity, he would treat it as an accidental discovery and let Zhao Kang follow up. In this way, he would not be the one who exposed it.

…

Two days later, the war led by Li Mu quietly began.

At eight o 'clock in the evening in Los Angeles, a post titled "Full Plot of Tom Cruise's New Movie" The Last Samurai "was quietly posted on a Tom Cruise fan forum.

This was the peak time of the day. In addition, Tom Cruise had many fans, so as soon as the post was posted, it was immediately followed by hundreds of people.

The user who posted the post was nicknamed "Kiss-My-Ass". In the post, he claimed that he had obtained the most detailed plot introduction of the movie from the crew of "The Last Samurai" through special means. In order to satisfy the curiosity of the vast number of Tom Cruise fans, he deliberately sorted out the details of the plot and posted it for everyone to see.

There was one thing that Li Mu did not lie about, and that was that the plot introduction was indeed extremely detailed.

Except for some of the lines that Li Mu could not remember, even if there were some lines that he could not remember, he gave a new description according to the general meaning in his memory. As for the plot, the appearance and characteristics of each character, the transition of each scene, and the transition of each plot, he wrote them all perfectly.

Fortunately, Li Mu had written a script before, so he had made full use of the skills that he had accumulated.

In this almost extremely detailed plot introduction, Li Mu also specially matched it with the makeup photos he found on the Internet. He even specially photoshopped a photo of Tom Cruise wearing a Japanese samurai uniform to enhance the reader's sense of immersion.

At the end of the whole article, Li Mu also deliberately added a sentence: "If you are interested, please read it quickly. I will delete it after 24 hours. After all, it is very risky for me to reveal such a detailed plot."

In addition to exposing the plot, Li Mu did not attach any other personal opinions in this post.

Because this was just the first shot that he wanted to fire. The first shot was not to hurt people, but to announce that the curtain of war had begun!

…

Tom Cruise's fans were really fanatical!

Although this kind of spoiler post would be posted every day to please the public, when people saw this kind of spoiler title, they could not help but come in to find out what was going on.

When they came in and read carefully, they found that this was very different from the previous posts that deceived clicks, because this post was full of real information!

Although many fans could not confirm the authenticity of the content in this post, the introduction about the plot was really extremely detailed, and the plot seemed to be very withstanding the scrutiny. It also perfectly corresponded with some of the information released by the crew.

This immediately made many people believe that this was the real detailed and complete version of the plot of "The Last Samurai"!

When these fans believed the content of this post, they saw Li Mu's friendly reminder at the end. That reminder gave them a sense of superiority as if they were enjoying the secret. At the same time, it also gave them a sense of urgency that "the secret is valid for a limited time".

As a result, almost every fan who finished reading the post did the same thing, which was to copy all the content in the post first, and a considerable number of them took the initiative to spread the content a second time!

Users spread content with the mentality of showing off. If a person had some seemingly exclusive or little-known news, then he would be very happy to spread this news to others on a psychological level. This was because when spreading, his vanity could be greatly satisfied. When others were amazed by the news he obtained, he could also get a different kind of psychological pleasure. This was the root of the gossip mentality.

It was precisely because of this gossip mentality that the content of Li Mu's article spread at an unimaginable speed throughout the entire American Internet!

Netizens sent the content to their relatives and friends, or to make their presence known in front of other netizens. There were even people who specifically sent the content to various YY groups.

At first, this article only spread in the circle of Tom Cruise's fans. Soon, it reached the eyes of more movie lovers. The scope of the plot exposure was getting wider and wider. When the Internet was in a frenzy of discussion, Hollywood also learned of this shocking news.

A mega-production film with an investment of 140 million US dollars had been leaked before the script was even completed. Such an incident was no less than a magnitude 8 earthquake for Hollywood!

All the film and television companies and directors felt a chill down their spines because of this incident!

A movie with an investment of hundreds of millions of US dollars was a commercial project worth hundreds of millions of US dollars. Now, all the information about this commercial project was undoubtedly leaked. The impact was really too great!

At this moment, it was 11 o 'clock in the evening in Los Angeles. Although it was late at night, the entire Internet was in a frenzy. Li Mu did not need to add fuel to the fire at all. His ruthless spoiler had already caused a huge impact on the entire Internet and Hollywood.

At this time, it was exactly 3 o 'clock in the afternoon in Yan Beijing. The young doctor from the Third People's Hospital of Shenzhen City, Du Chunxiao, had just arrived to give Li Mu a daily checkup. For the time being, Li Mu did not care about what was happening on the American Internet.

At the same time, far away in the northern part of New Zealand, it was around 7 o 'clock in the afternoon. The entire crew of "The Last Samurai" had just finished a full day of intensive filming. Today's filming progress was very smooth. Be it the director or the lead actors, they were all very happy.

Director Edward Zwick was in a good mood. He specially ordered the crew to prepare a sumptuous dinner. A sumptuous dinner was set up in the Japanese-style building built by the crew to reward the lead actors.