Chapter 471

Boss Ma had thought of ten thousand possibilities as to what Makino Technology was up to, but he had not expected Makino Technology to be like him and create an online casual gaming platform.

Although he was a little nervous about the news that Makino Technology was about to announce, he always had a belief in his heart that the QQ Gaming Hall would be online next month. He did not dare to say that he would be able to recover all the ground, but at least he would be able to turn the tide in a situation where he was constantly losing ground.

Boss Ma skillfully boiled water and scalded the tea set. Dean, who was at the side, suddenly said, "Boss Ma, can you let me try?"

Boss Ma looked at him, pointed to the tea set, and asked curiously, "You want to try making tea?"

Dean nodded and said with a smile, "I've seen you make tea so many times. I'm very clear about every process, and I really want to try it."

Boss Ma smiled, nodded, and handed the kettle to him. Dean began to make tea in a proper manner. How to wash the tea set, how to wash the tea, and how to filter it were all very standard. It could be seen that he had really put in a lot of effort to study it.

When the tea was brewed, Dean poured two cups and placed one of them in front of Boss Ma. He said with a smile, "Come, have a taste of my cooking."

Boss Ma smiled and picked up the teacup. He looked up at the time on the laptop and said, "It's eight o 'clock."

After saying that, he wanted to open the official website of YY. In the end, a push notification suddenly popped up in the lower right corner of YY, which he had logged in in advance. When Boss Ma saw the notification, the teacup in his hand instantly fell from his hand. The hot tea splashed on his legs, but he did not even have any reaction. He just stared at the notification dumbfounded, his face ashen.

Dean saw that Boss Ma had such a big reaction and could not help but ask, "Boss Ma, what's wrong?"

Dean, who could not read Chinese, did not know what the content of the YY notification said. Boss Ma said in a daze, "Makino Technology released their YY gaming platform and launched the YY National Dou Dizhu Competition at the same time to win mobile phones. It turns out that they are doing the same thing as us, and they started earlier than us …"

Dean was also extremely shocked when he heard that. Makino Technology did the same thing as Teng Xun?

Heavens, this was Teng Xun's final move!

Boss Ma came back to his senses and hurriedly clicked on the link to head to the download page. He then immediately downloaded and installed the YY Gaming Hall. After the YY Gaming Hall was downloaded and installed, YY itself completed a small plug-in update. The logo of the Gaming Hall flashed continuously on the interface and a notification popped up. "You can log into the YY Gaming Hall with one click here."

Boss Ma suffered another blow to his heart.

They had just gone online, and they already had a product linkage. This product awareness was simply too strong!

After Boss Ma clicked the button with trembling hands, the YY Gaming Hall client immediately started. It skipped the login interface and quickly entered the Gaming Hall.

Be it the current Lianzhong Gaming Hall, Bian Feng, or the QQ Gaming Hall that was being developed, the visual processing of the product was still at the current stage of the era. The colors were monotonous, the elements were tacky, the interface was simple, and the pixels were low. However, the interface of the YY Gaming Hall was more than two eras ahead of them. Once he entered, the interface that was full of design, the exquisite color scheme, and the clear image elements were simply epoch-making. This made Boss Ma's heart sink. There was no way to compare. He could not compare in any aspect, not even in time. The QQ Gaming Hall that he was still developing still needed nearly a month before it could be released.

At this time, all thirteen games could be seen in the game list area. The number one was, of course, Happy Dou Dizhu. Behind it was a label that said "Competition in Progress". Boss Ma double-clicked to open it, and the Gaming Hall automatically downloaded the game package of Happy Dou Dizhu. Immediately after, it was automatically installed and opened.

When Boss Ma saw the button to enter the competition, he did not click it immediately. Instead, he roughly looked at the rules of the competition. When he understood the rules of the entire YY National Dou Dizhu Competition, his heart suffered another violent blow.

Not only was the product well done, but the operation was also so awesome. They really did not give him any way out …

After Boss Ma read the rules, he tried to click the button to enter the competition with a cold heart. He found that it immediately jumped to the matching interface. There was a prompt above: 300 people have been filled. The competition is about to start.

Boss Ma was surprised. Was it so easy to gather 300 people?

It was filled up almost without any waiting time?

What he did not know was that at this moment, there were millions of netizens waiting in front of the computer for Makino Technology to unveil the mysterious veil of Rich and Capricious. In just a short while, hundreds of thousands of people had already finished downloading and started to participate.

Boss Ma tried playing in the interface of Happy Dou Dizhu.

The super good gaming experience gave him another violent blow.

The game interface was quite amazing, the game effect was extremely smooth, and the gaming experience was very perfect. Not only was there no fault to be found, but there were too many places that made him unconsciously exclaim in his heart, "Why, why are they doing so well!"

The YY gaming hall and the fist game "Happy Dou Dizhu" not only convinced Boss Ma, but they were also affecting players all over the country in an unprecedented trend.

The current Lianzhong was a platform that basically did not know how to cater to the user experience. It was just that there were no competitors, so casual game players could only helplessly throw themselves into it. Even if there were many dissatisfaction with the product experience, they could only grit their teeth and persevere. After all, there was no other choice. After all, the user experience of Bian Feng was also terrible, and there were very few users. Most netizens were not willing to specifically register an account for Bian Feng.

However, when the YY gaming hall went online, players suddenly realized that they had suddenly become gods!

The interface that looked extremely comfortable and the very, very simple and convenient operation mode fascinated the users.

Playing games in Lianzhong was like dealing with some lazy government departments. In order to achieve a little goal, they needed to spend a lot of energy and time. However, the other party was not willing to change at all. In order to get results, they could only persevere bitterly. However, after playing the YY game, they realized that when the platform took the initiative to consider for them, they would actually feel so happy.

Especially after entering the game, they really felt the charm of the YY gaming platform. At the beginning of the game, there was not only cheerful background music, but also various cartoon-like sound effects. For example, when cards were dealt, there was a very crisp effect sound, very rhythmic. After the cards were dealt, it entered the "Call the Landlord", "Grab the Landlord", "Don't Call" and so on. There were real people voice-overs. What was interesting was that when male users played, the system would make a male voice, and when female users played, the system would make a female voice.

In the game, any kind of card would also have a sound, such as: three, three against three, three with one, plane, and the most exciting was the sound of the "bomb". Every time a bomb was played, the dubbing would be more exciting than the other sounds, and it would be accompanied by an explosion sound effect, giving the person who played the card a great psychological satisfaction.

When the players at the same table inadvertently sent a voice message, the others at the table were completely conquered by the details of Makino Technology's products.

"Hey, hurry up, the flowers are wilting!"

"Your card skills are simply earth-shattering and earth-shattering. I admire you!"

"It's such a pleasure to work with you …"

All kinds of sentences with exaggerated tones played an excellent role in promoting the atmosphere in the game.

After players experienced a few rounds of the game, they would sincerely find that the game was too addictive to play. The entertainment it brought to people was far more than the game itself. There were always all kinds of surprises.

In the past, players would only open Lianzhong and play a few rounds of poker in that sh * tty product interface when they were bored to the point of not knowing what to do. Today, however, the YY gaming hall made all players feel like they were possessed. They were too lazy to play online games for the time being, and all their thoughts were focused on the Landlord competition. Of course, a considerable part of the credit came from the competition's rewards and marketing, but in any case, Li Mu's goal had been achieved.

Boss Ma experienced for a few minutes, but he was forced to quit the competition before the game was over. At this moment, he was very disappointed because he knew in his heart that compared to the YY gaming hall in front of him, his undeveloped QQ gaming hall had been declared dead in advance.

He couldn't be blamed for this. His opponent was simply too strong. No matter how he looked at it, he was far superior to him. What he hadn't thought of, they had thought of, and what he had thought of, they had done. Under such circumstances, no matter how hard he tried to catch up, it was impossible for him to catch up. How could he continue to persist?

Dean, who was next to him, was also disheartened. He had been training for the past few days, so he was very familiar with the development progress of the QQ gaming hall. He also understood the design plan of this product very well. After looking at it again and again, he even felt that there was no need to continue developing the QQ gaming hall because it would be a dead end even if it was developed.

At this time, Dean was extremely depressed. He did not drink a single sip of the tea he made for the first time. He just watched Boss Ma try one game after another. The more he tried, the more obvious the despair on his face became.

Seeing that even Boss Ma was in despair, Dean no longer held any hope in his heart. He even wanted to write a report to the headquarters to tell them his current point of view: Teng Xun's current problem was unsolvable. In the instant messaging market, where two tigers cannot share the same mountain, there was an opponent that could crush Teng Xun in every aspect. Under such circumstances, if Teng Xun continued to stubbornly resist and continue to invest, it would be like trying to fill a bottomless pit with money. The final result would be futile, and it would only lead to more losses.

Dean looked at Boss Ma sympathetically and asked him, "What are you going to do now?"