Chapter 8

The heavy rain only cooled Haizhou for half a day. The next day, the weather was as hot as a dog's nest.

After breakfast, Li Mu's parents took the commuter bus to work. After his parents left, the phone in Li Mu's house had not stopped ringing since nine o 'clock. The people who called him were all his classmates.

Some called to ask about his performance in the college entrance examination; others could not understand some of the questions in the science paper and could not wait until the day after tomorrow, so they called to confirm with Li Mu. There was also a high school student, Ferromagnet, who asked him out to an internet cafe at night.

Ferromagnet's name was Zhao Kang. He was Li Mu's childhood friend and lived in the same neighborhood as Li Mu. Almost everyone in this neighborhood was the workers of the Xiling Coal Mine. Zhao Kang's parents were no exception. The two of them had been playing together since they were kids. They were in the same class in primary school. Although they were not in the same class in junior high and senior high school, they had always been in the same school. They had a very good relationship when they were teenagers.

However, Zhao Kang did not do well in the college entrance examination this year. He thought he could pass the college entrance examination, but he did not expect to fall short by nearly 20 points. He originally wanted to apply for a junior college, but his parents had always been proud and arrogant, so they forced Zhao Kang to repeat a year. That year, Zhao Kang became more and more rebellious. In the second half of the semester, he had a big fight with his family and ran away from home.

At that time, Li Mu, who was in college, had tried to contact Zhao Kang many times. However, the boy was very stubborn. Not to mention Li Mu, even his parents could not contact him. He could only receive a call from him during the Chinese New Year every year to tell him that he was safe.

After that, every Chinese New Year, there would always be a domestic landline calling Li Mu. The place would often change, and the other party would only say six words: Brother, Happy Chinese New Year.

Then, before Li Mu could respond, the call would be hung up. When he called back, either no one picked up, or it was the owner of the public phone booth.

Li Mu knew it was Zhao Kang who was calling him. Zhao Kang had been in this habit for more than a decade. But Li Mu knew nothing about Zhao Kang's life during those years, so he didn't know whether Zhao Kang lived a good or bad life or whether he was happy or not.

Thinking of him, Li Mu couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

Zhao Kang's original intention for the call was to let Li Mu find a good excuse to go to the internet cafe at night, but Li Mu's mind was filled with the currently popular game, Stone Age. He said, "Have your parents gone to work?

If you're at work, let's have lunch together and go to the internet cafe after lunch. "

"Okay, then let's go to KFC for lunch, my treat."

At the beginning of 2001, the first KFC opened in Haizhou, and its business was so good that it was beyond the imagination of later generations. People often lined up outside the store and even lined up on the side of the road. Although the popularity had decreased a lot in the past six months, KFC was still fashionable in the eyes of young people.

Li Mu couldn't help but persuade, "Why do you want to eat KFC? It's all junk food. Find a restaurant and cook a few dishes."

"Tsk!"

Zhao Kang said disdainfully, "KFC's hamburgers are so delicious that I, Brother Kang, can't bear to eat them even once a month. You don't like it when I treat you?"

Li Mu didn't insist, "Okay, then KFC, 12 o 'clock?"

"Okay, I'll go to your house first."

As soon as he hung up the call with Zhao Kang, the landline rang again.

"Hello."

"Is this Li Mu?"

It was a woman's voice, and it was very beautiful.

"Sister Wan?"

"You have sharp ears!" Chen Wan said on the phone, "Where exactly is your house?

I'll go visit. "

Li Mu said with a smile, "My parents aren't home. You're a girl. Is it appropriate for you to visit my house?"

"What's inappropriate about it?"

Chen Wan muttered with dissatisfaction, "You're just a little kid. Is it inappropriate for me, your older sister, to visit you?"

Little kid …

Li Mu used his right thumb to pull open the elastic band of his underwear and pants. He looked down and muttered to himself, "I've been fighting for years."

Li Mu told him the address and Chen Wan said, "Wait for me. I'll ride my bike there."

"You're not driving?" Li Mu said with a hint of mockery.

"Drive my ass. Wait for me at home!"

After telling him the address, Li Mu opened the front door of his house. His house was located in a five-story red brick building. His house was on the first floor. Since it was his company's house, no one cared about it. Therefore, every floor had a small courtyard in front of the front door and built three single-story houses.

Li Mu's house just pulled up the courtyard wall, made the cement floor, and built three more houses last year. It cost nearly 30,000 yuan, but the price to performance ratio was very high. Not only did it have a house and a courtyard, but the space on the roof was also a good place to dry clothes and quilts.

Li Mu found a pure white cotton T-shirt on the drying rack. Compared to the other garish clothes, this simple style was the only one that Li Mu was interested in.

Because a beauty was coming to visit, Li Mu specially went to the bathroom to fiddle with himself. Looking at his current appearance in the mirror, Li Mu really couldn't get enough of it.

The main thing was that his jar-like hairstyle made him look listless and a little effeminate. The most annoying thing was the tuft of black hair on his mouth. It was almost a common trait of teenagers in this era, but his parents didn't allow him to shave it. They said that the more he shaved, the thicker it would be and he would look ugly. How could they know that in a few years, the little girl would be madly infatuated with an uncle with a face full of stubble?

Without saying anything, Li Mu took his father's razor and shaved off the black hair on his beard. Now it was white and clean, and it looked a little more comfortable.

"I'm going to get a haircut."

After making up his mind, Li Mu called Chen Wan back and asked her to find him at a barbershop at the entrance of the neighborhood. Then he took out his savings from three years of high school from his desk. There was a total of 580 yuan. Li Mu put 180 yuan in his pocket and went out in a pair of loose pants and flip-flops.

Sitting at the entrance of the Five Yuan Wash, Cut, and Dry Barbershop, Li Mu said to the hairdresser with a hipster hairstyle, "Excuse me, give me a haircut that's not so ridiculous."

The hipster hairdresser looked at Li Mu in surprise, "Little brother, what's a haircut?"

Li Mu was speechless.

In this era, very few men could accurately find the most suitable hairstyle for themselves. Everyone either had a crew cut like that of a helipad, or a bowl cut like Li Mu's. The more fashionable ones had long hair. As the hair grew longer, the color became brighter and brighter. If one was not careful, he would look like a hipster hairstyle.

The hairstyle of a hipster hairstyle was cut by a girl after Li Mu went to college. After cutting it, Li Mu realized that the standard to test a handsome man was short hair.

Especially Edison Chen's hairstyle in a certain era. The hair on both sides was very short, and the top of the middle was a little longer. Then, he rubbed it with hair gel until it stood messily. This hairstyle was not exaggerated at all. The key was that the facial features were all exposed, and it could especially highlight the angular facial features of men. This hairstyle was not only very spirited, but also very cool in this era. It would not be outdated in 2016.

The most important thing was that this hairstyle had a natural attribute. It looked bad and was very popular with girls.

Although Li Mu was not as good-looking as Edison Chen, he could definitely be regarded as a handsome man with a temperament.

After listening to Li Mu's explanation, the hipster had a little sympathy on his face. It seemed that he felt that Li Mu was old-fashioned and ignorant. He deliberately shook his long hair that covered his eyes and said proudly, "Brother, your current bowl cut is suitable for my hairstyle. I will trim it for you and trim it into a slanted fringe. If you keep it for two months, you will definitely be very handsome!"

Li Mu quietly watched him show off and asked, "If I listen to you, how much will you pay me?"

"What are you saying …" The hipster smiled and said, "I'm also doing this for your own good. With this hairstyle, you will be able to hook up girls in the Internet cafe!"

Li Mu said, "I don't want to go to the Internet cafe to hook up girls."

"If you don't go to the Internet cafe, where else can you go?" The hipster was confused.

"Go to the university."

Li Mu teased and urged, "Hurry up and cut it according to what I said. I'm from the Xiling Coal Mine community. I'm the local bully. If you don't do it well, I won't pay you!"

The hipster looked resentful. Although he knew that Li Mu was joking, he really could not afford to offend the children of the Xiling Coal Mine's workers. Good heavens, hundreds of people would come out at the same time to fight. Ordinary people really could not deal with such a situation.

Although the hipster had a poor sense of aesthetics, he did have some skills. Under Li Mu's guidance, a basic model of an airplane head was formed in ten minutes. After pushing both sides up, Li Mu instructed him to use the thin-toothed scissors to cut the slightly longer hair on the top of his head. After washing and blowing it dry, he asked him to bring a bottle of mousse over. After a little spray, he grabbed it casually with both hands, and a somewhat ruffian airplane head was born.

Looking at Li Mu in the mirror, the hipster felt as if his heart was being cut by a knife.

His hipster style was also full of ruffian aura, but it was fundamentally different from the ruffian aura of others. Others had the kind of ruffian aura of handsome young men in Hong Kong movies, while his … the aura of a village gangster in the rural-urban fringe was too strong.

Li Mu stood up with satisfaction, took out the money from his pocket, and said, "Do you have new mousse?

Give me a bottle, and I'll pay for it together. "

The hipster was stunned. He quickly took a new bottle of mousse and handed it over. With some respect, he said, "The haircut is free, and the price of the mousse is 10 yuan."