Chapter 1829

The Aurora Makino had been praised by the automotive media all over the world, and favored by car enthusiasts and ordinary consumers all over the world. Now, every car manufacturer was racking their brains to develop their own human-computer interaction system based on the color screen.

Toyota was the first to start, followed by Volkswagen.

They were aware of the huge changes that the disruptor had brought to the automotive industry, especially a disruptor like Li Mu. He did not play by the rules at all.

What was the competition between car manufacturers originally like?

Based on different user groups, different needs, and different market environments, they developed different types of car models, and compared them with other competitors' models in a comprehensive and industrial manner.

Therefore, all the major car groups had product lines that covered almost every category, including but not limited to hatchbacks, three-hatchbacks, SUVs, hatchbacks, touring cars, mini cars, small cars, medium cars, large cars …

Take the common B-class cars in China, for example. Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, Volkswagen Passat, and Buick Regal. The competition between car manufacturers basically revolved around appearance and mechanical configuration. No one had ever extended their competition to the field of technology that had nothing to do with traditional cars.

However, Li Mu had done it.

In fact, Li Mu also knew his strengths and weaknesses.

The most comprehensive technology he had was the Volvo technology, which was most suitable for mid-range cars.

On the other hand, Land Rover and Jaguar were basically nobles that couldn't do anything. Their current technologies and platforms were not suitable for mid-range cars. They were more suitable for mid-range and high-end cars. After all, these two brands didn't have engines with a displacement lower than 3.0 liters.

The Volvo technology used by the Aurora Makino was far behind that of giants like Toyota and Volkswagen.

Li Mu was also very clear that it would take him three to five years, or even ten years to catch up to this industrial gap. Many domestic car manufacturers had been developing for ten years or even longer, but they were still imitating the Japanese cars, and they still could not catch up.

After all, while you were running, the other party was also running. Moreover, the other party had been running for decades before you. It was really too difficult to catch up with such a gap.

Therefore, he could only find another way.

Why was Hua Xia's Internet company able to rise so quickly in such a short period of time? Even in the life before Li Mu's rebirth, Hua Xia's Internet companies were basically at the forefront of the world in various fields.

The reason for this was that the world's internet started in the 90s, and the internet in Hua Xia was also started in the 90s. Everyone's technical standards were not that far apart, and it would only take a few years. Coupled with the hardworking and diligent spirit of the people of Hua Xia, it would take at most ten years for them to catch up and surpass those few years.

However, this was only in the field of software, as well as the field of Internet product forms and models.

When it comes to computer hardware, the gap between Hua Xia and the West is much bigger than the automobile industry.

At the very least, when Li Mu was reborn, Hua Xia was still lacking in the field of computer chips. Although they had their own chips, the performance gap was far greater than that of automobiles. Although the overall technical level of domestic cars was much worse than that of automobile companies in the United States, Japan, and Germany, at least they could produce many practical and cost-effective models. Chips were far worse.

This was also why Li Mu wanted to subvert the traditional automobile manufacturing industry instead of competing with them head-on.

Therefore, in addition to using the interior and appearance to win the first opportunity, his remaining advantages were all focused on the humanized design of the product and the degree of technology.

This gave him an advantage of at least two to three years ahead of the traditional automobile companies, and Li Mu was confident that he could continue to expand this advantage.

There was a very difficult thing in the automobile manufacturing industry. Basically, everything had to be adapted to the hardware and software.

The current automobile manufacturers did not have much interaction with the Internet industry, nor did they have much interaction with the high-tech computer and software industry.

This feeling was like a mobile phone brand that had never made a smartphone before was suddenly forced by the market to start researching smartphones.

However, they hadn't even made a color phone before.

Therefore, the workload in front of them became extremely huge.

Not only did they have to develop an entire system, but they also had to adapt all the corresponding hardware of the entire system to this system.

Even top automobile companies like Toyota and Volkswagen did not have the ability and foundation to independently build a set of intelligent human-computer interaction systems.

Moreover, if they replaced the central control with a color screen, just the hardware supply chain alone would be troublesome for them.

They would have to redesign the interior, redevelop the molds, and find suitable hardware suppliers around the world to integrate a new supply chain.

The Germans were the first to feel despair because they found that even if they integrated the supply chain, they would not be able to develop an interactive system comparable to the Makino within one to two years.

If they could only put a color screen in the car, but they could not make the color screen intelligent, the consumers would not pay.

Moreover, Li Mu had a trump card, which was the map and navigation provided by Keyhole.

Since Keyhole was jointly acquired by Li Mu and Google, he and Google had already set up a closed loop of rights and interests.

First of all, Keyhole would never authorize any automobile related company to use any of Keyhole's technology and data.

Secondly, Keyhole would never authorize any Internet company other than Makino Technology and Google to use it.

If Volkswagen and Toyota wanted to develop a navigation system, then Keyhole would not be able to buy the complete digital map copyright in a short period of time.

Toyota might be able to buy the map data of Japan, but their Toyota cars were sold all over the world. Keyhole would not be able to buy the digital map of the world.

Keyhole could. If it was the previous Keyhole, they would definitely sell the data and maps to companies like Toyota.

However, the current Keyhole would not give Toyota, Volkswagen, Benz, and BMW any chance.

As a result.

It would be a long process for the automobile companies to implement navigation in various countries and regions on their cars.

Even the first and previous generations of iPhones released by Steve Jobs used the mapping service from Google.

Apple's own maps were only officially released in 2012, and the experience of using Apple Maps for the first few years was very bad.

This showed that Google Maps in Lu Zhou's previous life relied on the foundation of Keyhole to lead the way in electronic maps, far surpassing Apple.

It took Apple a few years to release Apple Maps, but it was not to surpass Google Maps. It was to finally be able to replace Google Maps.

In fact, the best electronic map in the world had always been Google. No one else could do it.

Now, Li Mu, Google, and Keyhole had reached a tripartite agreement. In the automobile field, all of the foundation of Keyhole, as well as all of Google's innovations based on Keyhole, would be exclusive to Makino Motors in the automobile field, excluding all similar competitors.

In the future, all the automobile brands in the world would not be able to use Google Maps.

Therefore, this alone made it difficult for other automobile brands to develop car navigation.

It could also be seen that Li Mu, a reborn man, had a good grasp of the overall situation and the key points.

For example, without the foundation of Google and Keyhole, if the automobile companies in the world wanted to provide navigation services in Hua Xia, their only choice would be Gaud.

Gaud had only been established for two years, and it was still in its infancy. Even they did not have a complete electronic map of Hua Xia. If the automobile companies cooperated with them, they might only be able to provide navigation for a few or a dozen large cities in the early stages.

Other than that, the automobile companies had no other choice. It was simply unrealistic for them to form their own mapping team.

Because the automobile industry was a test of the supply chain. No one could control everything from start to finish.

A car was made up of thousands of parts. Whether it was a domestic car, a Japanese car, an American car, a German car, or even a French car, their parts came from all over the world.

However, Li Mu did not want to give any chance to other brands. Before they could react and figure out all the areas that needed to be considered for the entire human-computer interaction system, he immediately instructed Li Ziwei to contact Gaud directly and give Gaud a strategic investment. Gaud would become a subsidiary of Makino Technology, leaving 49% of the shares for the Gaud team, so that they could continue to do their best in the domestic electronic map business.

At the same time, in the future, Gaud's electronic map would be exclusive to Makino Motors in the automobile field.

In this way, the other automobile companies would have no chance.

Moreover, Li Mu had a great trump card.

This trump card was the two smartphone operating systems that were currently being developed simultaneously.

Once Android and IOS came out, and smartphones became the trend, the human-computer interaction system in cars would naturally usher in a big leap. If Android was used to modify the car's operating system, Makino Motors would be more advanced in terms of technology.

In the future, most of the car systems were developed based on Android, and the only automobile company that could develop a mature and intelligent human-computer system was Tesla.

Tesla's human-computer system was developed based on Linux, like Android. This was a huge amount of work. Except for Tesla, no other automobile company in the world could do it.

The reason was that Tesla's boss, Elon Musk, was an Internet entrepreneur from Silicon Valley. When he founded Tesla, he had more software engineers than automobile engineers. Therefore, he could lead a large number of software engineers to develop a human-computer system for Tesla based on Linux. This was not a difficult task for him.

However, it was almost impossible for other automobile manufacturers to do so.

Furthermore, Li Mu also had shares in Musk's Tesla.

Also, Musk was waiting for Li Mu to help him realize his dream of going to Mars. Therefore, in the future, all of his Tesla technologies would definitely be shared with Makino Motors.

Currently, Musk had selflessly contributed Tesla's lithium battery pack technology and drive motor technology to Li Mu. Even the electric car that Li Mu ordered for delivery used Tesla's technology.

Therefore, this meant that Li Mu would have at least three real human-computer systems that could be used at any time. Toyota and Volkswagen would not be able to provide any of them.

This laid a very important foundation for Makino Motors. In the future, Li Mu might not be able to catch up with Toyota and Volkswagen in the automobile industry, but he would be able to take the lead in the software field.