Chapter 1301

The music of "1492 Conquering Heaven" sounded again, and the audience couldn't help but be solemn.

More than 50 veteran Flying Tigers walked slowly onto the stage, accompanied by more than 50 students from Spring City's Bayi Elementary School. Bayi Elementary School was a school for the children of Spring City's military district, and all the students were children of active military personnel. It could be said that this was the new generation with the right roots.

Although the elderly walked very slowly, it could still be seen that they were very different from ordinary elderly people from their tall and straight figures and postures.

Li Mu had paved the way for the appearance of these elderly people. When they really appeared in front of hundreds of reporters, the scene was completely boiling.

At this moment, it was no longer important who the actors of "Flying Tigers" were. Everyone's real focus had shifted from the movie to these veteran Flying Tigers.

The thunderous applause kept echoing and stacking on top of each other. People seemed to have found new idols in this impetuous society, new idols that could make them bow down to them. The halos of these idols were more dazzling than the halos of any other stars. They were purer and more supreme. Anyone with hot blood in their chest would be infected by them, and their blood would boil with excitement.

For so many years, there had never been such a grand reception and such intense attention from the veterans of the War of Resistance, whether it was the veterans of Hua Xia or the veterans of America, it was the same.

The veteran Flying Tigers of Hua Xia all came from the national army. Because of their composition, they had not been treated with courtesy and attention in the past few decades. In order to avoid criticism, they hoped that people would forget their origins and let them live incognito as farmers who stood aloof from worldly affairs. They had never thought that the society would remember them again, and remember them again with gratitude.

In contrast, the situation of the veteran American Flying Tigers was not good either. They came to Hua Xia as volunteers to fight against the Japanese. Although they were very respected in Hua Xia, they did not attract much attention in America. And the embarrassing thing was that after the Vietnam War, American society began to be filled with anti-war sentiments. This anti-war sentiment quickly spread in society, so much so that the entire society had a layer of hostility toward the veterans who had participated in the war. Later, they were even more unnoticed by society and completely forgotten.

But today, all their past was reawakened and rediscovered by the world. To them, this was the greatest comfort in their lives for the past few decades.

Li Mu bowed to all the veteran Flying Tigers on the stage and said from the bottom of his heart, "On behalf of all the staff and volunteers of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, all the staff of Makino Technology, Taobao Technology, and all the members of the CSC Club, I would like to thank you, as well as all the veterans who have participated in the Second World War from the standpoint of justice. Thank you for your outstanding and indelible contributions to the country and the world."

Li Mu felt that 'representative' was a very lofty and sacred word. As an IT employee and a private entrepreneur, he could only represent these people who had participated in the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation and could not represent other groups. If other groups also wished to pay tribute to these veterans, then they could use their own ways to applaud, support, donate, or actually do something for the veterans around them. If one day, the whole society did not need to be represented by others and could truly participate in this charity activity, that would be the situation he most desired to see.

The reporters in the audience also spontaneously bowed to the veteran heroes with Li Mu. Then, each veteran hero took turns to introduce his name, place of origin, time of enlistment, military designation, and the battles he had participated in.

More than 20 pilots from Hua Xia had the military designation of the National Air Force. The other 20 or so American pilots had the official designation of the Hua Xia Air Force, the American Volunteer Air Force for Hua Xia Air Force.

Including Elder Sun Xiaozhong, Elder Han Zili, and Elder Paul Crawford, an hour and a half had passed after each old man had finished introducing themselves.

This time, which was comparable to a movie, did not make anyone feel bored. They listened carefully to each old man's self-introduction. From their calm words, they felt the flames of war and even the romance of blood that they had experienced in the past.

Among them, there was really an old American Flying Tigers pilot who married a Miss Hua Xia who worked near the Flying Tigers station. It was said that there were several American pilots who fell in love and married Miss Hua Xia in the Flying Tigers. It was just that too much time had passed and the others had passed away, so they could not appear at today's press conference.

The only regret was that there were no American nurses in the real history of the Flying Tigers. Otherwise, there might really be a love story between the pilot Hua Xia and the American nurse in the script.

The love nurtured in the flames of war was comparable to Jin Jian. Li Mu was also particularly looking forward to the screen performances of Leonardo and Du Wei, Liu Ye and Anne Hathaway. If they could vividly interpret the great love nurtured in the flames of war of that era, then the height of the future romance film might not be inferior to that of Titanic. In terms of level and foundation, it might even surpass the latter.

…

In the end, no one paid any attention to the press conference for the cast of Hua Xia in Flying Tigers. Everyone's attention was focused on Li Mu's Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation and the surviving old Flying Tigers. It wasn't until all the old people finished introducing themselves and when the veterans' representatives expressed their deep expectations for the movie Flying Tigers in front of all the media that everyone suddenly remembered that the actors hadn't been announced yet …

Everyone had forgotten the original intention and ignored the original intention. Although it was somewhat putting the cart before the horse, this also proved that the story of the veterans could attract enough attention from society.

The children from the military elementary school accompanied the veterans down the stage. Only then did Li Mu return to the stage and say calmly, "Next, let's welcome the cast of Hua Xia in Flying Tigers!"

As soon as Li Mu's voice fell, before anyone could react, Teacher Li Xuejian took the lead, and all the actors lined up according to their age and walked up the stage from one side of the stage to stand next to Li Mu.

The reporters were all confused.

What was going on?

Did he just call out all the actors at once?

This was a big event that the whole society was paying attention to. Hua Xia was a milestone in the film industry. Shouldn't there be some suspense when the cast was announced?

Even if there was no suspense, at least it should be a little more grand, right?

There was no background music, no short film to set off the atmosphere. With just a word from Li Mu, everyone lined up?

At least they should have called out their names before going on stage. This … compared to when the veterans came on stage, it was really like heaven and earth …

The reporters didn't react for a while. Li Mu had already begun to introduce everyone. "Let me introduce our cast to everyone. First, we have the famous performing artist, Teacher Li Xuejian!"

Only then did the reporters start to applaud. Teacher Li Xuejian bowed deeply to the audience. Then, Li Mu introduced Teacher Chen Daiming and Teacher Chen Baoguo, followed by Huang Bo, Liu Ye, Tang Wei, Du Wei, and Wang Xinran.

When introducing each actor, Li Mu only made the simplest introduction and introduced each of their names. Other than that, he didn't introduce the roles they were going to play in "Flying Tigers". The actors didn't speak either. They knew very well that "Flying Tigers" had garnered enough attention from society that they didn't need to hype or promote it themselves. The whole society would spontaneously pay attention to it. Therefore, the real protagonists today weren't them, but the veterans on stage just now. Everyone, including Li Mu, was building a stage for the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. They wanted this charity foundation to be known to the whole society, and they wanted the whole society to voluntarily participate in this charity project.

After introducing all the actors, Li Mu invited each actor to make a brief speech. Starting with Teacher Li Xuejian, each of them only used one or two minutes to make a simple self-introduction. After that, they spent most of the time promoting the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. Everyone was very honored to have the opportunity to listen to the oral history of these veterans, understand their real stories, and understand the flames of war that year. They were even more honored to have the opportunity to act in their stories in the movie.

These stars, big names, and veteran actors were now willing to be the supporting characters for the veterans, adhering to one principle: Everything makes way for the veterans.

Li Mu did not waste time on the cast. After he finished introducing the actors, he invited the representative of DreamWorks, Director Spielberg, to come on stage. After Spielberg came on stage, the discussion also revolved around these respectable veterans. He only said a few words about the movie itself. Everyone maintained a tacit understanding. Today, the movie was not important, and they were not important. The veterans were the most important!

Regarding the establishment of a film academy with Hollywood, Li Mu only briefly mentioned it in front of the media. He did not put much emphasis on it. Although the reporters were very curious, the focus of their thinking was also changing according to Li Mu's deliberate arrangements. At the scene, everyone's main focus was on the veterans and the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation.

In the subsequent Q&A session with the reporters, Li Mu, Spielberg, and the other actors also maintained a tacit understanding. Questions related to the movie were answered simply; questions related to the charity foundation were answered with emphasis; questions unrelated to the two were refused.

This press conference was not authorized to be broadcast live by any TV station, so the people who had been paying attention to Li Mu and the movie were waiting for the relevant media reports. They could not wait to know who would star in the movie and how Li Mu would respond to the comments on the Internet.

By nine o 'clock in the evening, the major media and TV stations had already begun the first round of large-scale reports. At ten o' clock in the evening, YY also pushed the news containing the video to the entire country through YY.