Chapter 1285

Li Mu's complete definition of the CSC Club made everyone inexplicably excited.

Before coming, there were only three core points that attracted them to the club: first, Li Mu; second, Chen Ze; and third, social circle.

Being interested in luxury cars and sports cars wasn't the main point. Many people didn't like sports cars or even didn't like driving, but they still ordered a sports car and were ready to join the club for these three core elements.

However, what they did not expect was that Li Mu's promise far exceeded the three points they expected.

First, Li Mu promised to bring them to do something that created value, which also meant that he would provide everyone with opportunities to cooperate and make money, which was very attractive to everyone.

Li Mu's ability to make money was basically enough to apply for the Guinness World Record. He was known as an old driver in the financial circle. Anyone who could get on his car would make money, and his speed of making money was so fast that it broke through the sky. Even the big shots on Wall Street and various investment banks were trying to get on his car. Now, Li Mu was willing to take the initiative to open a money-making express car for the members of the CSC Club. It was simply a great thing that they could not even dream of.

In addition, Li Mu also promised to bring everyone to do something that would contribute to society. Everyone knew that the things that Li Mu meant to contribute to society must be charity and public welfare. However, not only did they not reject it, but they also looked forward to it.

Li Mu's charity and public welfare could achieve a global reputation, and he could be praised and respected by the majority of people. This was extremely rare. These second generations not only envied Li Mu's wealth, but they also envied Li Mu's halo and reputation. If Li Mu could bring them to make money, and also bring them to earn a halo and reputation, then it would be perfect.

Who could resist the attraction of such an amazing club?

Did not want to join?

Reconsider?

No, there was no such thing. Now, everyone only had one thought in their mind: Boss, when will you open the membership? How to join? Who should I give the membership fee to?

Someone couldn't bear it anymore and asked loudly, "Manager Li, I want to join the club now. Tell me, who should I give the money to?"

The sudden roar caused a roar of laughter, but it also resonated with many people. Then, more people began to echo, "Yes, Li Zong, we want to apply for membership, the sooner the better!"

At this time, Li Mu opened his mouth and said, "From today onwards, the CSC Club will officially start applying for membership. In a moment, our staff will distribute a membership application guide to everyone. The specific requirements, method of membership, and membership level will all be explained in great detail in the guide. Everyone can use the above website to enter our online application page and submit detailed information. The information will be reviewed within three to five days. If the review passes, our staff will contact everyone and arrange a time for the review."

"The review will be conducted offline. At that time, everyone must drive their sports car that meets the membership requirements to participate in the review at our race track in Shun Yi District. If you pass the review, you can pay the membership fee on the spot and be officially registered as a member of the CSC Hua Xia Supercar Club."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu added seriously, "Everyone, rest assured, we only have two requirements for members. First, you must have a sports car that meets the membership requirements under your name, whether it is paid in full or with a mortgage, whether it is first-hand or second-hand. Second, you must pay the required amount of membership fee. So as long as you meet these two requirements, you can become a member of the CSC Club."

The scene was filled with cheers.

Among these people, some already had sports cars that met the membership requirements, and some had already booked sports cars that met the membership requirements. They were just waiting for the official opening of the membership channel. For them, the membership fee was not a problem at all. So at this moment, when they heard what Li Mu said, they suddenly felt relieved. They didn't have to worry about not being able to join the club because of the quota or other reasons.

After giving everyone a reassurance, Li Mu threw out his investment fund plan.

He opened his mouth and said to the crowd, "The CSC Club is preparing to establish an investment fund. The investment fund will adopt the method of prioritizing the secondary funds. The investment fund will be jointly funded by me, Mr. Chen, and Mr. Cai as the secondary funds, and the subscription funds of the members will be the priority funds. We will set a fixed net profit cap for the priority funds. We will be responsible for the operation of the fund, and our secondary funds will bear the main risks. The main investment target of this investment fund will be the Internet industry, which is currently the most popular and also the industry I am most familiar with."

In the future, the total global production value of the Internet industry would exceed trillions of US dollars. There were e-commerce, social media, communications, games, portals, video, live broadcasting, O2O, P2P, and countless vertical industries related to hardware and mobile Internet. Among them, there were a lot of slightly famous products and enterprises. This pie was so big that it was scary. As an individual, it was impossible for Li Mu to dip his fingers in all of it. So, he could only become a behind-the-scenes investor in the entire Internet industry. He would invest in super projects with huge profit potential, or his own company would invest in them. For medium and large projects with relatively large profit potential, he could use the fund to invest in them. With a large number of investors behind the fund, it would not be too conspicuous. Otherwise, if most of the successful Internet companies in the future were invested by Li Mu alone, it would really be too arrogant.

Therefore, since the market space was so big, and it was so big that he could not take it all by himself, Li Mu randomly found a few reliable projects from the market and let the fund invest in them, and it would be enough to ensure the returns.

Investing in the Internet industry was currently the industry with the highest rate of return. Most of the Internet companies that could go public, as long as the early investors could persevere, they could earn hundreds or even thousands of times the returns. As long as the CSC fund could seize such a project in a year, the returns would be absolutely guaranteed. With Li Mu's understanding of the domestic Internet industry, it was extremely easy to achieve this.

Everyone present knew about the capital legend that happened to Li Mu. Everyone could not wait to participate in the investment fund that Li Mu promised.

Li Mu suddenly found that the atmosphere at the scene had begun to be a bit like the situation in the internal brainwashing meeting of a MLM organization. Everyone looked at him with extremely firm faith in their eyes. Their faces were full of fanaticism, as if no matter what he said, they would unswervingly believe it. They were very much like the respected soul teachers in MLM organizations.

So, Li Mu said to the crowd, "Everyone should know that some time ago, I cooperated with Hollywood's Spielberg to shoot a movie called" Flying Tigers. "It was also this opportunity that made me pay attention to a special group that I had never paid attention to before. About the story of this special group, I have prepared a video for everyone. You can watch it first."

Because the Veterans Don't Die charity project had not been made public to the outside world, the people present were unprepared for the content of the video that Li Mu prepared for everyone. At this time, the staff turned on the big screen behind Li Mu, and Li Mu immediately walked off the stage. Everyone's attention was focused on the big screen. The video began with the real video of the Flying Tigers pilot Hua Xia pilot fighting the Japanese invaders' air force in Hua Xia's airspace. The video quality was not very good, and it was black and white, but it was full of the unique loftiness of World War II.

In the video, the scene of the fierce battle between the two sides was extremely spectacular. In that era, all the fighters fought within the visual range. Compared with today's aerial battles, it was more bloody and heroic.

In the video, a white light gushed out from the head of each plane, which was the flame of machine guns and aircraft cannons. The picture flashed, and two Flying Tigers rushed into the formation of four Japanese fighters. The flame spewed out, and a Japanese fighter's wing emitted billowing white smoke, and then it quickly fell down. The other three Japanese fighters quickly pulled up in the air at top speed, forming a huge C-shape, and fought fiercely with the two Flying Tigers.

In the fierce battle, another Japanese fighter was shot down. At this time, one of the Hua Xia Air Force fighter's tail was bitten by a Japanese fighter, and the aircraft cannons hit the tail of the Hua Xia Air Force fighter. The plane immediately lost control and spun several times in the air.

Then, the fighter dragged thick smoke.

In an instant, it suddenly pulled its nose up and flipped 180 degrees upward, colliding with the enemy fighter behind it. After a huge white light, the two planes turned into countless pieces, scattering continuously in the air.

The voice of the male narrator sounded, "April 29, 1938, in the air battle of Jiangcheng, pilot Chen Huaimin of the National Air Force's 4th Brigade, 21st Squadron, took the initiative to pilot a fighter plane and collided with the Japanese Air Force fighter plane, dying together with the invaders. He died a heroic death for his country at the age of 22."

The tragic background music gradually entered, and what emerged on the screen were old black-and-white photos. Everyone in the photos was wearing a straight military uniform, and their angular faces were full of tenacity. The narrator read their names one by one, as well as the time they joined the Air Force, the number of enemy planes they shot down, and the year, month, and day in which air battle they died in.

After introducing more than a dozen martyrs who died in the air battle, the pictures on the screen began to change to group photos one after another. Most of them were photos of the pilots' daily training, as well as group photos of their lives.

After a round of photos in a slideshow, the screen suddenly went black, and then a line of white text appeared one by one along with the sound of a typewriter. The voice of the narrator appeared together with the words:

"Some of these people in the photos have already sacrificed themselves in the Anti-Japanese War, and some have gradually left us over the past 50 years. However, some of them are still alive today …

"So, how are these old heroes who are still alive now?"