Chapter 1768

After the CCTV News broadcast that night and the evening news broadcast, Hungry Mike was immediately pushed to the eyes of the entire nation, causing an uproar.

Even Makino Technology's own online publicity was far less than the coverage of the CCTV News.

This was because offline media was a black hole for the Internet media. If a person did not go online, or if very few people went online in an area, it would be too difficult to deliver information to them through the Internet.

But television was different.

At this stage, most of the Internet was still concentrated in cities and towns, and it had not truly formed a comprehensive coverage.

However, the radio and television business had been developed for decades and had long achieved a high level of coverage in the country. The audience was several times more than the Internet.

Therefore, when the CCTV News broadcast, those who had not been exposed to the Internet finally realized what the Internet could do.

The Internet could change lives. Before this, it was just a slogan. Except for those who actually used the Internet, ordinary people had no idea what the Internet could do and how it could change their lives.

However, the CCTV News reporter showed the operation process of Hungry Mike from the three perspectives of the merchants, users, and riders, so that even those who did not understand the Internet could understand how Hungry Mike operated.

It turned out that the Internet could also be closely linked to life. It could make life smarter, simpler, and more convenient.

Li Mu's almost mythical aura was sublimated to a higher level because of O2O and Hungry Mike's innovative model.

The news spread overseas at the same time. Wall Street also made a certain increase in the valuation of Makino Technology because they could see that this thing had an unparalleled market space in Hua Xia.

Although Hua Xia's current economic development was rapid, there were still a large number of people at the bottom of society. There were abundant cheap labor resources. This kind of huge team that easily required millions of people to deliver goods could only be found in a country like Hua Xia.

Because of the O2O model, it meant that the distance between the service provider and the service receiver could not be too far. Even at this stage, it could not be more than five kilometers. This required a country that had enough urban population, white-collar workers, and even elites with a certain amount of spending power. This country also needed to be able to provide enough cheap labor.

If this model was used in countries like Cambodia and Myanmar, the group of people delivering goods may be far larger than the group of people eating, because their overall economy was too backward.

However, if this model was used in some developed countries in Europe and the United States, the number of people delivering food might be far lower than the number of people eating, because their overall economic development was more advanced.

Wall Street felt that if a company needed to hire millions of employees in the US, then this company would not have a good future, and no one would dare to invest in it.

Take a look at the automobile industry in the United States. On the one hand, these companies suffered from their own lack of progress, and on the other hand, they were restricted by powerful unions and high wages.

This was also the reason why the US companies that needed a lot of manpower were leaving the US and heading overseas.

In the past few years, the US manufacturing industry that could be moved out of the US by the laws and regulations promulgated by the US government had basically moved out.

Because of this, in the eyes of Wall Street, Hungry Money's model could not be replicated in the US.

How to replicate it?

Even a pizza delivery in the US required at least a few dollars in tips. Usually, the delivery services of fast food restaurants, Chinese restaurants, and other restaurants were basically handled by the restaurant itself, and they only needed to be paid hourly.

Moreover, each restaurant only had a few employees responsible for food delivery, and there was no union. However, once the main business had millions of food delivery employees, the union would follow. Then, they would demand insurance, paid leave, and all kinds of benefits from the company. They would even go on strike at the slightest provocation. No other company would be able to take this.

For Hungry Money's model, which relied heavily on the riders, once the riders went on strike, the entire platform would immediately be paralyzed, and one would not even be able to catch a breath.

Silicon Valley's view on this was the same as Wall Street's.

They also felt that although Hungry Money was good, it could not be replicated in the US.

Silicon Valley itself advocated high technology and high added value. If ten people created a company with a market value of ten million USD, it would be enough for everyone to give a thumbs up. However, if one hundred people created a company with a market value of one hundred million USD, everyone would think that it was just so-so.

If a company needed to recruit millions of food delivery employees all over the country, it would be a disaster for Silicon Valley. Coupled with the legal and union issues, very few people were willing to invest in this type of industry.

But Wall Street was especially cunning about this.

They felt that if Li Mu was really not going to be listed in the US, they might as well play with him and disgust him.

The way to disgust him was very simple. Invest in a food delivery platform company in Hua Xia and compete with him directly.

Hungry Money had just opened in Beijing, right?

Then we will support a company to start in Shanghai and split the market with you. This company will become a thorn in your side and cause you a lot of trouble.

At that time, we will talk to Li Mu about mergers and acquisitions. For example, Wall Street invested a total of 100 million USD for 50% of the company's shares. At that time, the company would need at least 1 billion USD to sell to Li Mu. If Li Mu could not pay this price, then we will continue to disgust him. As long as we can expand this business model in Hua Xia, we will not have to worry about sellers in the future.

A few big shots on Wall Street were immediately interested in this proposal. So, everyone immediately decided to invest 50 million USD first and find a suitable entrepreneur to start the business in Shanghai.

Tens of millions of USD was not a big amount to the big shots on Wall Street. So, everyone quickly reached a consensus. But they were at a loss when it came to choosing the person.

They listed the requirements of the investor.

First, this person must be capable. Although it was difficult to find someone stronger than Li Mu, the difference must not be too big.

Secondly, this person must have a certain level of influence. It was not enough to be influential in the US. It must be influential in Hua Xia. Why?

This was because influence could greatly reduce the cost of publicity and promotion.

Finally, this person must have the courage to go against Li Mu. It was clear that there were not many people in the Internet industry who were willing to go against Li Mu. Because everyone knew how Li Mu played. Provoking him might lead to a nuclear attack. To go against him directly for this project, it really required a certain amount of courage.

However, coincidentally, on the second day of the secret discussion on Wall Street, an email from Hua Xia was sent to the business contact mailbox of the headquarters of Hua Xia of IDG Capital.

The person who sent the email was Lu Yunhao, an online teacher of a large private training institution in Hua Xia.

This Lu Yunhao was very interesting. He had been paying attention to Li Mu's movements for a long time and regarded Li Mu as his idol. Every day, when he was not teaching, he would fantasize about how he could become an Internet big shot, like Li Mu, and guide the vast Internet world.

However, although he regarded Li Mu as his idol, he did not worship Li Mu as a person, but Li Mu's current achievements.

Moreover, he thought that he was too late. If he had thought things through two thousand years ago and directly entered the Internet, there would definitely be no place for Li Mu in the Internet world now.

The more he thought about it, the more he felt that he had suffered a loss.

He had suffered a great loss.

He had seen the news a few days ago and found out that Li Mu had fallen out with Wall Street. He had always felt that Li Mu was a little stupid.

Why did he say that Li Mu was stupid?

It was because he felt that in this day and age, entrepreneurs should hold on to one thought: Milk is mother. If the other party was unwilling to give you milk, then you should circle around her butt and call her mother, until you have milk to eat.

However, Li Mu did the opposite and fell out with Wall Street?

Aren't you just too free?

Is there a need for that?

Wall Street wants to cheat the American investors to make money, and you cooperate with Wall Street. When the big shots of Wall Street make a lot of money, they will also owe you a favor, right?

He felt that if it was him, let alone falling out with Wall Street, he would also want to cooperate with Wall Street and make a lot of money together. After all, who would say no to money?

Did he have nothing better to do?

Since then, he felt that if Li Mu offended Wall Street, not only would he suffer heavy losses, but he would also be punished by Wall Street in the future.

Just when he was waiting to see Li Mu make a fool of himself every day, in the end, Li Mu played a big game.

He created the O2O model that shocked the world, and Hungry Man made the world give him a thumbs up.

It was really awesome. Many Internet companies did not even understand the online business, and Lu Yunhao just turned around and went offline. This made Lu Yunhao feel bad.

He was waiting to see Lu Yunhao make a fool of himself, and in the end, Lu Yunhao made a big move. Now, Lu Yunhao dominated the global headlines and solidified his position as the Godfather of the Internet.

While Lu Yunhao was disappointed, he suddenly had a thought. If I am so depressed, then Wall Street must be even more depressed, right?

How can those pampered modern aristocrats on Wall Street swallow this?

I can't even swallow it!

Therefore, from the looks of it, Wall Street will definitely think of a way to mess with Li Mu.

Then, he analyzed Li Mu's current business. Makino Technology's entire business was mature, stable, and almost monopolized the world. No one could shake it, and Wall Street would not overestimate themselves to engage in communication software and social ecology.

Taobao's products were already very powerful, and there was almost no chance of winning if they were to compete with him now.

The only one that had a chance of winning was the new Hungry Man.

Therefore, if someone wanted to create a product similar to Hungry Man and go against Li Mu, Wall Street would definitely applaud.

Moreover, Wall Street should be willing to invest some money in it, right?

If that's the case, I can totally cater to their interests and create a wave!

I am so talented, so capable, and so far-sighted. It is a waste of my talent to be an English teacher.

Moreover, I am already very famous on the Internet in China. There are now my classic quotes everywhere on the Internet, and I have a lot of fans. This is a good foundation for the masses. It is perfect!

Thinking of this, Lu Yunhao immediately wrote a detailed business plan, including his self-introduction, entrepreneurial ideas, and overall plan. He sent it to a few well-known American venture capital firms in China.

Sequoia, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and IDG Capital were all targets that Lu Yunhao was fighting for.

However, considering that Sequoia had already invested in Makino Technology and was on Li Mu's ship, he excluded Sequoia and sent emails to several other firms.

The first to see this email was IDG Capital.