Chapter 316

Li Mu and Su Yingxue walked hand in hand on the campus of the National People's Congress. Because it was too late, the campus was quiet all the way.

Su Yingxue said, "The song 'Rice Shop' you sang today touched a lot of people."

Li Mu squinted and asked her, "Are you touched?"

Su Yingxue pursed her lips and asked Li Mu, "My first kiss was cheated by you. Do you think I'm touched?"

Li Mu hurriedly went around to Su Yingxue and said with a smile, "The first kiss is too short. I guess you haven't had time to experience it carefully. I'll give you another one to compensate you."

After that, Li Mu bent down. Su Yingxue shyly dodged and said in a panic, "I don't want you to compensate me. I …"

Before she finished her words, Li Mu had already sealed her lips.

Although she said no, when Li Mu really kissed her, Su Yingxue still took the initiative to respond.

The two stopped on the winding path leading to the dormitory. They hugged and kissed gently. Su Yingxue, who had no experience, gradually got into a good mood under the leadership of Li Mu.

Li Mu didn't have any lewd thoughts in his heart. He just felt the girl who had made him infatuated with two lives, felt her slightly reserved kiss, felt her slightly flustered breath and heartbeat, and his heart was full of satisfaction.

When he was enjoying the beauty with his heart, Li Mu's mobile phone suddenly vibrated in his pocket, and the beautiful atmosphere was suddenly broken.

Their lips parted. Li Mu took out his mobile phone resentfully.

It was a strange number.

After hesitating for a moment, he pressed the answer button.

"Hello, Li Mu!"

Lin Lin's voice on the phone was a little impatient.

Li Mu recognized her voice, especially when her tone was hurried. The voice was very recognizable.

Although he didn't know why Lin Lin suddenly called him, Li Mu still asked her politely, "What's the matter?"

Lin Lin said, "We still haven't settled the matter of you hitting my brother last time!"

Li Mu had a headache. She didn't do anything to her brother, it was Zhang Kexuan. Besides, didn't Chen Ze help to communicate with her?

He had always thought that Chen Ze had comforted her after such a long time without any follow-up. He didn't expect that she didn't mention it when they met today. After they separated, she specifically called him.

Li Mu asked her, "Then tell me, how do you want to solve it?"

Lin Lin immediately said, "Give me 100 bags of high-quality fertilizer in Happy Farm!

Oh, no, 200 bags! "

Li Mu was worried that she would make some excessive demands. He didn't expect that the first thing she said was to ask for fertilizers from his farm …

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed that the influence of Happy Farm was indeed great. Lin Lin was so protective of her brother, Lin Chu, but in her heart, her brother being beaten was only worth 200 bags of high-quality fertilizer from Happy Farm.

It was reasonable to say that as the developer and official operator of the game, Li Mu shouldn't agree to such a request that destroyed the fairness of the game. However, Happy Farm was a social game. The game world wasn't fully open, but a semi-closed social circle. So even if he gave her some items, it would only have a certain impact on her circle of friends. It wouldn't have any impact on the large group of tens of millions of people in the game.

Therefore, Li Mu readily agreed, "Okay, give me your account number. I'll arrange it."

Lin Lin immediately asked him excitedly, "Really?

You can't go back on your word and play with me! "

Li Mu immediately said, "Of course, I'm serious. I'll give you another 100. Is that enough?"

When Lin Lin heard this, she immediately said excitedly, "That's enough, that's enough!

I'll treat you to dinner another day! "

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Aiyo, you don't have to be so polite."

"It's what I should do." Lin Lin said excitedly, "I'll text you my farm account number later."

"Okay."

Hui Ka Ming, who was driving, was dumbfounded. Lin Lin was at loggerheads with Li Mu previously. She hated him so much that she couldn't live under the same sky. Now, just a game item was enough to dispel the hatred in Lin Lin's heart?

At this time, Lin Lin texted Li Mu and said excitedly, "Jiaming, Li Mu promised me 300 bags of high-quality fertilizer!

300 bags!

Hahahaha, how many levels can I level up with these 300 bags of fertilizer?

My friends will definitely be envious!

Items like fertilizer can't even be bought! "

Hui Ka Ming really wanted to ask, if your little brother, Lin Chu, who you've spoiled since he was young, knew that you used his beatings in exchange for a bunch of game items, how would he feel?

However, Lin Lin's behavior also proved how attractive the Happy Farm game was from another aspect. Li Mu was also preparing to introduce a paid item in the near future. He believed that when that time came, it would definitely cause a frenzy of paying. In his heart, Hui Ka Ming was looking forward to the future of Li Mu and Makino Technology.

At the same time, Li Mu also didn't expect that he would be able to resolve the conflicts with Lin Lin so easily. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Lin Lin's request.

After putting away the phone, Li Mu held Su Yingxue's hand and walked in the direction of her dormitory.

When they arrived at Su Yingxue's dormitory, Su Yingxue told Li Mu, "Go back and rest early."

Li Mu nodded. Su Yingxue said again, "There is one more thing I want to ask you, you have to answer me honestly."

Li Mu said, "Ask away, I will definitely answer truthfully."

Su Yingxue asked, "There is a singer named Mu on the Internet, is that you?"

Li Mu admitted, "It is me."

Although Su Yingxue had already confirmed this answer in her heart, when Li Mu said it himself, she was still secretly shocked. She never thought that Li Mu had the ability to compose songs, and the three songs were very interesting to her. With such a talented boyfriend, Su Yingxue's happiness was greatly improved.

"You are honest."

With a playful wink, Su Yingxue said to Li Mu, "You can't casually use your ability to write songs on other girls in the future."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said with a bit of doting, "Then I will only write songs for you in the future."

Su Yingxue nodded with a satisfied face and said reluctantly, "Then I will go upstairs."

Li Mu nodded. Seeing that Su Yingxue was about to go in, he took her hand again, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her forehead gently. Then, he whispered in her ear, "Go ahead."

Seeing that Su Yingxue was about to go in, Li Mu turned back to his dorm. On the way, he called Kong Lingyu and asked Kong Lingyu to give Lin Lin the game items. Kong Lingyu then passed it on to the manager on duty, and the manager immediately sent 300 bags of high-quality fertilizer to Lin Lin's item box in Happy Farm.

Hui Ka Ming drove Lin Lin home. The first thing Lin Lin did when she got home was to go straight to her room and turn on the computer.

Tonight, before going out for dinner, she got a batch of pomegranates that needed two hours to ripen. Now, it must have been stolen by her good friend, and only the minimum amount was left. But it didn't matter. Lin Lin just wanted to quickly harvest all the pomegranates and then plant sugar cane for one and a half hours. That way, she could harvest the vegetables after taking a shower and then go to bed.

After logging into Tieba and opening the game, Lin Lin found that her crops had been stolen to the maximum limit as expected. So, she harvested all the current crops and prepared to plant sugar cane before secretly harvesting the vegetables. Inadvertently, she saw the options in the prop box flashing back and forth. She subconsciously clicked on it and instantly screamed in surprise!

300 bags of high-quality fertilizer!

It really was 300 bags of high-quality fertilizer!

When all the players persisted in signing in for the little bit of ordinary fertilizer every day, she actually had 300 bags of high-quality fertilizer. It should be known that each bag of high-quality fertilizer could reduce the ripening time of crops by one hour. She could choose crops that matured in exactly one hour and use fertilizer to make them ripen in seconds. In this way, she could continuously harvest 300 pieces of land. The experience gained from harvesting 300 pieces of land was enough to push her from the fourth place to the first place on the friend ranking list. Moreover, it could also bring her more gold coins. Gold coins were also very useful. They could be used to buy seeds and land. As her level increased, the seeds of high-level crops would become more and more expensive, and the cost of opening up land would also increase. In addition, gold coins could also be used to buy some ornaments.

Now, on Lin Lin's friend ranking list, the first and second place were her two best friends, and the third place was her younger brother, Lin Chu. However, their levels were not that far apart from Lin Lin. The first place was only four levels away from Lin Lin. 300 bags of high-quality fertilizer could directly help Lin Lin surpass her by four to five levels.

Lin Lin was extremely excited. She immediately bought dozens of banana seeds. Because bananas matured in exactly one hour, they were just right to use.

After planting bananas in all the fields, Lin Lin immediately clicked on the high-quality fertilizer icon. A fertilizer icon with a blue packaging replaced the cursor of the mouse. She quickly clicked on all the fields one by one. Every time she clicked on the banana seeds, they would immediately ripen without any delay.

Lin Lin quickly applied fertilizer on all the fields, then used a golden finger harvesting tool. With a swoosh, all the newly ripened banana trees were harvested by her. Her experience rose rapidly, and she was only a little bit away from leveling up.

After that, Lin Lin immediately began to plant the second wave of bananas. After a few dozen seconds, she harvested another group of bananas and successfully leveled up. She now had the right to open up a new field. Without hesitation, she opened up a new field and planted all the bananas again.

After two to three minutes, Lin Lin had already surpassed Lin Chu, who was ranked third. She was only one level away from the second place.

After another two to three minutes, Lin Lin had successfully surpassed the previous second place. She was only one level away from the first place.

Lin Chu, who lived next door to Lin Lin, had just finished showering and came out of the bathroom in his room. He sat directly in front of the computer before drying his hair. The crops he planted would be harvested in five minutes. He came out of the bathroom to collect the vegetables just in time.

Seeing that there were still five minutes left, Lin Chu was ready to start scrolling down the friend ranking list to see if there were any vegetables he could steal or if there was anyone he needed help with.

Originally, Lin Chu was number one on his friend list, but as soon as he focused on the ranking, he was surprised to find that in the time it took for him to take a shower, he was actually ranked second, and the first was his sister.