Chapter 1258

The moment Ning Hao told the truth, the other three people at the dining table felt as if they were struck by lightning at the same time. All three of their faces were filled with shock and disbelief, as if they had heard the most unrealistic sentence in the world.

The starting point of the movie "Flying Tigers" was so high that it had already surpassed all the Chinese commercial movies to date. All the actors who dreamed of this movie had their biggest wish to be able to find a relatively important role in this movie. But it just so happened that the most crucial and most important role was something very few people dared to hope for. Liu Ye was no exception. However, this kind of great luck had suddenly and inadvertently descended upon him, catching him off guard.

Wang Lan was also extremely shocked. No one understood Liu Ye's situation better than her. Liu Ye's parents worked in the film industry, but they were of the older generation, so they didn't have much power or connections in the entertainment industry. It wasn't easy for him to be able to climb up to where he was today. Who would have thought that at this critical moment, a stroke of luck would fall upon his head. "Flying Tigers" would not only bring him to the heights of the top actors in the country, it would also help him carve out a small piece of land for himself in Hollywood. This was definitely a great opportunity for him to leap over the dragon's gate. Xie Xie was completely stunned.

Although she really hoped that her boyfriend would one day become a dragon, she didn't expect this day to come so quickly and so directly. She, who was also in the entertainment industry, was very clear about the importance of opportunities. Leaving "Happy Camp" had caused her popularity to plummet and her future to be bleak. So, she, who had been waiting for this opportunity, knew how precious it was for Liu Ye.

If the "top actor in the country" was the pinnacle of the industry, then the lifelong dream of countless filmmakers was to climb to this peak. Liu Ye hadn't even climbed halfway up the mountain when a helicopter suddenly appeared. The person inside said to Liu Ye, who was trying his best to climb, "Come on up, I can take you to the top …"

What a great luck!

Even as his girlfriend, she was a little jealous in her heart. If she had such an opportunity, she would probably be able to reach the sky in a single bound, right?

At the moment when this thought flashed in his mind, Xie Xie immediately thought of Chen Wan, who has just graduated from college and is now the top host in China. Not only has countless fans in "Happy Camp", but also hosted the popular talent show "Super Girl". At present, she is the absolute pillar of Xiangnan Satellite TV and the most popular female host in the country. The reason why she can have such a great opportunity, isn't it because of the help of Li Mu?

Now, he had become Liu Ye's benefactor …

The emotional Liu Ye didn't speak for a long time. After a while, he unknowingly burst into tears. He looked at Ning Hao and asked the biggest question in his heart, "Brother Hao, why did you let me play the male lead of this movie?

My experience is nothing in this industry. Aren't you afraid that I'll drag this movie down? "

Ning Hao smiled and said, "The role was decided by Li Zong, not by me. He wants you to play this role."

Ning Hao paused and said, "As for experience, in fact, I have the same opinion as Li Zong. The most important thing for an actor is spirituality, not experience. James Cameron has been preparing for" Titanic "for five or six years. When filming started in 1996, the production budget of the movie reached 200 million US dollars. At that time, 200 million US dollars is a sky-high price for us now. But for such a big production, he used Leonardo, who was only 22 years old at that time, to play the male lead. Leonardo did not let him down and gave a perfect performance. You are 25 years old this year, right?

Li Zong asked you to play the third male lead in "Flying Tigers." Are you afraid that you can't handle it? "

Although the role that Liu Ye played was Hua Xia's male lead, in terms of the number of scenes he had, he was weaker than the first male lead, Chennault, and the second male lead, Leonardo, who played the American pilot. So in this movie, he could only be considered the third male lead.

Ning Hao's use of Leonardo as an example was very representative. On one hand, he used Leonardo to prove that the crew was not taking a risk by using a young actor. On the other hand, it also gave Liu Ye confidence. Even a young actor without much experience could handle a big production. If the 22 year old Leonardo could do it, then so could he.

Liu Ye had never been as excited as he was right now. At the age of 25, he had the chance to realize a dream that many actors could not achieve in their entire lives. Facing such an opportunity, he solemnly promised Ning Hao, saying, "Brother Hao, don't worry. I will definitely do my best to play this role. I won't let you and Li Zong down!"

Ning Hao nodded and smiled, "We also believe that you can play this role well and outstandingly. We also hope that through this movie, you can be known by the whole world. The goal of Makino Image is Hollywood. I believe that one day, you can also become a top Hollywood star!"

Liu Ye said with red eyes, "Don't worry, I will definitely work even harder!"

At this time, Wang Lan had already recovered from the shock. Then, he immediately started to play his role and said, "Mr. Ning, Ye Zi's contract still has three years left. If we forcefully breach the contract, it is possible that in the future, during the filming of 'Flying Tigers', the current management company will use this opportunity to argue with us. The company's legal team is very capable, and once they bite, they won't let it go easily. In my opinion, it is best to solve the problem of the contract before announcing that Ye Zi will be acting in this movie."

Ning Hao immediately asked him, "Do you have any good suggestions?"

Wang Lan said, "Ye Zi's contract still has three years left. According to the contract, if one party unilaterally breaches the contract, the most they can do is to pay five million RMB. There is no need to go to court, because if they do that, it will be easy for people to use this topic to create hype."

Ning Hao said, "Since that's the case, about the contract, you can go and discuss it with the current management company. If the five million can be peacefully terminated, Makino Image will pay for it."

…

Just two days later, Wang Lan agreed on the compensation for Liu Ye's termination. It was a total of 4.8 million RMB. Liu Ye would pay 4.8 million RMB to the current management company. After the other party received the payment, the contract between the two parties would be officially terminated in advance.

This money would be borne by Makino Image and paid to his management company through Liu Ye. Then, Liu Ye officially terminated the contract. After the termination, Liu Ye officially joined Makino Image. His agent, Wang Lan, had joined Makino Image together with him. Wang Lan had already become the top agent of Makino Image. Ning Hao was going to hand over Huang Bo and Tang Wei to him.

After Liu Ye arrived, Li Mu specially asked Du Wei out for dinner. Both of them were public figures, so they arranged to meet at Li Tong's Fayue Restaurant.

The two of them met in the private room that Li Tong had specially prepared for them. Du Wei arrived slightly earlier. When Li Mu was led to the private room by the waiter, he was stunned by Du Wei who was waiting in the private room.

After not seeing her for a long time, Du Wei seemed to have become more beautiful than before. At first glance, she seemed to have matured a lot. She was no longer dressed like a little girl, and had even learned to put on some light makeup.

In Li Mu's eyes, Du Wei wasn't an unpolished jade. She was born a flawless piece of jade. After putting on some light makeup, it was as if she was the finishing touch of a painting. Her entire appearance and temperament were highlighted vividly.

The surprise in Li Mu's eyes disappeared in a flash. He then teased Du Wei, "You already have a lot of fans, and you even dress up so beautifully when you go out. If people know that you're here, won't your fans tear down Li Tong's restaurant?"

Du Wei sneered and said, "Brother Li Mu only knows how to make fun of me. Don't you know who has more fans between us?"

Du Wei's rhetorical question made Li Mu speechless. After a while, he laughed and said, "I haven't seen you for a long time, and your eloquence has improved …"

"I learned it from my sister."

Du Wei raised her eyebrows mischievously and then asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu went to the United States some time ago?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded. "You should know about Flying Tigers."

"I know." Du Wei said with a smile, "You came to me today for this, right?"

Li Mu asked her, "How do you know?"

Du Wei blinked and said, "I guessed it."

Li Mu looked at her with great interest and asked, "Then can you guess why I'm looking for you?"

Du Wei crossed her hands, pursed her lower lip, and said, "Brother Li Mu, do you want me to play the female lead in Flying Tigers?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "You guessed it again?"

Du Wei shook her head. "I guessed it. They all said that you love me the most, so I guessed that I must be the number one choice in your mind."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Who are they?"

Du Wei said with a smile, "My sister, Brother Chen Ze, and the media also said the same. A lot of media are speculating who you will choose to play the male and female lead roles of Hua Xia in this movie. Most of them think that you will choose me to play the female lead role. The reason they gave is that you prefer me the most."

After saying the last sentence, Du Wei's pretty face turned red. Although she was repeating the media's words, it still made her a little embarrassed to say such words with her own mouth.

In fact, Du Wei was right, and so was the media. Li Mu really preferred Du Wei, just like Lin Xi preferred Yang Qianhua. With Li Mu's identity and status, few stars could be supported by him. However, there were only two stars that he had supported personally. One was Mo Wenwei, and the other was Du Wei.

Mo Wenwei was different from Du Wei. Li Mu supported Mo Wenwei because of her absolute support for Li Mu. Whether it was in Tieba, Taobao's charity auction, or Taobao's album sale, Mo Wenwei fully cooperated with Li Mu's various activities. Therefore, everyone knew the reason why Li Mu supported her. On the one hand, he wanted to return the favor, and on the other hand, he wanted to send a message to the entertainment circle that those who followed him would prosper.