Chapter 83

As soon as he got out of the ward, the first thing Guo Lin did was call his mistress.

He did have a female university student as his mistress. She used to be a student at Haizhou Normal University and had just graduated the year before. Guo Lin spent money to buy her a job and sent her to work at the Municipal Education Bureau. He also bought her a house. She usually lived in a single apartment in the Municipal Education Bureau and claimed that she had no house or car. The house that Guo Lin bought for her became a private meeting place for the two of them. This matter was very secretive, and almost no one else knew about it.

The other party had just gotten off work. When she received his call, the first thing she said was, "Cousin, why did you call me?"

In the secret code that they had agreed on, if the other party replied like this, it meant that there was someone nearby and it was inconvenient to talk.

"I have something urgent to talk to you about. When can you get home?"

The other party also knew that when Guo Lin said the word "home," he was referring to their love nest.

The other party said on the other end of the phone, "Go to your house for dinner?

Then I'll have to wait for another 20 minutes. I'm with my colleagues now, and there's something I haven't finished yet. "

"Hurry up, it's urgent!"

Guo Lin hung up the phone and sent his driver away. Then he walked out of the hospital and waited for a taxi on the side of the road.

Li Mu and Zhao Kang sat in a Passat across the road. Using their newly bought binoculars, they saw Guo Lin's expression clearly.

The car was borrowed from Song Liang. Li Mu said he wanted to take a female classmate for a ride, and Song Liang immediately asked the driver to send him Benz. However, Li Mu said that Benz was too conspicuous and wanted a low-key car, so Song Liang's driver sent him this Passat.

They had been watching Guo Lin from the Xiling Coal Mine and followed Guo Lin's car all the way to the hospital. They wanted to find some flaws in him.

"This guy seems very nervous."

Zhao Kang, who was in the passenger seat, put down the binoculars and said to Li Mu, "I guess he just found out about our actions."

Li Mu nodded. "He was calm when we entered the hospital half an hour ago. He must have just found out that he is so nervous now."

Zhao Kang said, "Is there any point in following him?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said firmly, "Although the content in the post is fabricated by us, Guo Lin's corruption is definitely real. As for whether or not he was with the female teacher of Fifth High School, I don't know. The reason why we made it so detailed is to increase the credibility. In addition, I think it's very possible that he has an affair with another woman."

"Why?"

"Because his wife is so ugly, and she dresses herself up like a ghost all day long, with thick makeup and yellow hair. How could Guo Lin be interested in her?"

Zhao Kang recalled Xue Guilan's appearance and nodded. "His wife is indeed famous for burning buns."

Li Mu said, "That's why I think Guo Lin must have another woman outside. I don't know if it's a female university student, but I'm sure there is. After such a big incident, he didn't discuss it with his wife at the hospital and rushed out to take a taxi. Who do you think he will look for?"

"Mistress?"

"That's possible."

Li Mu watched as Guo Lin stopped a taxi and got in. He immediately put down the binoculars and started the car to follow. Ten minutes later, the taxi stopped at the entrance of Wan Ying International Garden in the city center. Guo Lin got out of the car and walked straight into the neighborhood. Li Mu drove ten meters behind him and slowly followed him until he entered Unit 4 of Building 8.

"Look, he didn't go back to West Mountain Coal Mine. What could he be doing here?"

Zhao Kang chuckled. "I'm keeping a mistress in my golden house."

"But we don't know who he's hiding. If we can dig out the identity and get the Internet Water Army to attack again, Guo Lin's wife will probably explode first. When the backyard catches fire, he'll be busy."

The houses in Wan Ying International Garden were all six-story buildings without elevators. In other words, there were twelve households in each unit. It would be difficult to determine which household Guo Lin was going to.

Zhao Kang said, "How about I buy a bucket of purified water and deliver it to each household?"

"No!"

Li Mu decisively refused, "The two of us can't show our faces in this matter from the beginning to the end. I'm rushing to send Guo Lin to prison. This kind of thing must be cautious, cautious, and cautious. Otherwise, once the two of us are caught by others, the other party will definitely fight with us to the death."

Zhao Kang's heart skipped a beat. His expression became much more serious. He nodded and said, "I understand!"

Li Mu looked at the time and said, "Let's just stay here and watch. We have to pay attention to all the women who enter this unit alone. The focus is on the young and good-looking ones. It's very likely that they are Guo Lin's mistresses. Let's identify a few suspects first, and then we'll take our time."

"What if that woman is waiting for Guo Lin at home?"

"Then we'll wait until Guo Lin comes out."

"Understood."

A few minutes later, a woman around thirty years old walked into Unit 4 with a little boy. The woman was very good-looking. Zhao Kang smiled. "If only it was her. That means Guo Lin has an illegitimate child. Xue Guilan will definitely fight it out with him."

Li Mu laughed. "We can keep an eye on it. Who knows, it might really be her."

After a while, a woman around forty years old walked in alone. This shouldn't be her either. If Guo Lin hired out a woman around forty years old, then his brain must have been squeezed by the door.

Ten minutes later, Zhao Kang suddenly pointed at a woman who was passing by the car. "Hey, I know this woman."

Li Mu raised his head. A young woman dressed in a western style just happened to pass by from left to right. Li Mu looked at the side of her face. She was quite good-looking.

Li Mu didn't think much of it. He casually asked, "How do you know her?"

Zhao Kang said, "She was a home tutor my mom hired for me in the third year of middle school. At that time, she was studying at a teacher's college. She was a part-time home tutor. She taught a few in our neighborhood. I was just one of them."

There were many college students who worked part-time as home tutors. It was the first choice for college students these days. After all, it was something that happened three years ago. Li Mu threw it to the back of his mind and didn't think too much about it.

It wasn't until the woman hurriedly walked into building eight, unit four, that Zhao Kang suddenly slapped his thigh and shouted excitedly, "F * ck!

Guo Lin must have hired her!

I just remembered. She also tutored Guo Yuhang at that time! "

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure!

One hundred percent sure! "

Li Mu and Zhao Kang had been waiting for a young, beautiful, single woman to walk into the unit. They didn't expect that it would be Zhao Kang's female home tutor from three years ago.

Combined with the fact that this woman tutored many children in the neighborhood, including Guo Yuhang, Li Mu and Zhao Kang immediately concluded that she was Guo Lin's mistress. Otherwise, there wouldn't be such a big coincidence that the two of them were arranged to live in the same building.

Li Mu thought about it and knew that Guo Lin, as the mine manager, had so much money that he didn't know where to spend it. However, his wife was ugly. As long as the two kilograms of meat in his pants could still move, he would definitely have an affair. Li Mu didn't expect that he would actually find evidence.

Zhao Kang said to Li Mu, "That woman's name is Zhao Lina. But it's been so long, I forgot where she's from."

Li Mu didn't care. "That's not important. What's important is that this woman's relationship with him is confirmed. She tutored Guo Yuhang three years ago. There's a ninety-nine percent chance that they hooked up at that time. As long as we spread this information on the internet, Guo Lin's wife will be the first to fight him."

"Guo Lin has been tutoring her son right under her nose, and he's been doing it for more than three years. She's going to go crazy when she finds out."

Li Mu nodded and started the car. "If the netizens know that he hooked up with a female university student three years ago, they'll probably curse him to death. Let's go first. There's no need to know their specific unit number."

Zhao Kang asked curiously, "If we expose this, then this Zhao Lina's reputation will probably be ruined, right?"

Li Mu was expressionless. "I don't have the energy to care about her reputation. This is a battle of life and death between me and Guo Lin. In this process, I only want to kill the enemy. I don't care about hurting anyone!"

Seeing the determination in Li Mu's eyes, Zhao Kang nodded lightly.

After a sneer, Li Mu added, "What's more, she decided to be Guo Lin's mistress before she graduated from college. She is not a good woman. Since she has made this decision and has been doing it for more than three years, she should be mentally prepared to be exposed to the world."

Zhao Kang expressed his understanding of Li Mu's decision. "If Guo Lin wanted to mess with my father, I'd have the heart to kill his entire family. Also, that Zhao Lina is really disgusting. Guo Lin is almost f * cking fat as a pig. I don't even dare to imagine the scene of the two of them together …"

Li Mu drove the car out of the neighborhood and said indifferently, "If we publicize Zhao Lina's matter, Guo Lin will have internal and external troubles. But this can only disrupt his rhythm. It's not enough to bring him down."

Zhao Kang raised his eyebrows and said, "We've already found evidence of him having a mistress. Is it still not enough?"

Li Mu shook his head and said, "He's a business leader, not a government official. The news that we spread out, other than the one of him having affairs with women, we don't have conclusive evidence for the other crimes. At most, we can only say that there's a problem with his style. If there's a leader up there to protect him, this matter will soon be over."

Zhao Kang thought for a moment and nodded. "Sigh, then where can we get conclusive evidence?"

Li Mu shrugged. "I don't know for now, but the current situation is enough to make Guo Lin suffer. We'll slowly think of the next step."

— —