Chapter 209

"How am I being unkind?"

Li Mu did not understand. He had just parted ways with Zhao Ziqiu, and now Zhao Ziqiu was saying that he was unkind. What did that mean? He stopped the car by the side of the road and asked curiously.

Zhao Ziqiu replied, "Think about what's wrong with it."

Li Mu: "I can't think of anything."

“

"Why didn't you tell me that you bought a car?"

"You saw it?"

"Yes."

"How did you know that I bought it?"

"Intuition."

Li Mu smiled and replied, "I did buy it. It's not a good car, so I didn't tell anyone."

Zhao Ziqiu: "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone. But if I need to use a car in the future, you can't refuse me!"

Li Mu: "Of course. If you want to use a car, you can even go to Japan."

"You speak as if you can really drive there. I'm not going to talk to you anymore. Be careful when you drive."

After everyone from Room 606 left, Li Mu did not return to the dormitory. He stayed at Yucheng Garden for the night.

…

In the end, Li Mu still broke his promise in front of Su Yingxue. The appointment on Saturday at Ginkgo Avenue was delayed because of Wang Yanan's mother's transfer to another hospital. But after Su Yingxue knew the truth, she did not blame Li Mu. After all, it was a matter of life and death. It was not good for the two of them to go to see the yellow ginkgo leaves when such a big thing happened to someone else's family.

Originally, the two of them texted each other that they would see the situation another day. But on Monday, Li Mu could not wait anymore because he had checked on the internet. It was said that this week was the last chance to see Ginkgo Avenue. If they missed this week, they would probably have to wait until next year.

On Monday morning, Li Mu deliberately asked Su Yingxue about her class schedule in the afternoon. When he heard that she only had one public class in the afternoon, Li Mu had an idea. It was just a public class. There was no roll call or attendance check. He could just skip it. As for Li Mu, the dean had already informed the teaching staff that Li Mu's attendance check, dormitory check, and final exams would all be given the green light. As long as his number 3321 was still in the National People's Congress, he would be the giant panda of the National People's Congress.

Li Mu did not go to class in the morning. Instead, he went to Zhongguancun to buy a digital SLR camera. In his previous life, when Li Mu was working, he bought a Nikon D90 in order to pick up girls. He learned some SLR photography techniques from others. Although it was not professional, it was much better than ordinary people taking photos with dumb cameras. Moreover, the photos taken by professional photographers were very vulgar, especially the clumsy photos taken by young girls in the photo studio. In terms of sensitivity and grasp of trends, it was many times worse than the selfie era of his previous life.

After buying the camera, Li Mu was afraid that Su Yingxue, the straight-A girl, would not be willing to skip class. So, he deliberately called her to have lunch outside the school at noon. He parked the car in front of the restaurant and sat in the restaurant to wait for Su Yingxue.

When Su Yingxue arrived, she asked Li Mu curiously, "Why are you out for lunch in the middle of the day?

Can't you just eat at school? "

Li Mu said, "I'm tired of the food at school."

Su Yingxue nodded and asked with concern, "How is the girl's mother?"

Li Mu said, "It's all arranged. Her life is not in danger now, but her body is a little weak."

Su Yingxue asked, "How many times does she need dialysis a week?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I heard that the doctor's arrangement is three times a week."

Su Yingxue said in surprise, "That's already very serious, right?"

Li Mu nodded.

Su Yingxue said again, "But your roommate is quite reliable. That girl and her mother must be very happy."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Let's not talk about her. What plans do you have for this afternoon?"

Su Yingxue said matter-of-factly, "I have classes. What other plans can there be?"

Li Mu said, "I looked at your timetable. There's only one public class in the afternoon?"

"Yes." Su Yingxue nodded. "I plan to go to the library in the afternoon."

Li Mu said, "Straight-A student Su, don't go to class this afternoon. Listen to my arrangements."

Su Yingxue asked curiously, "What are you going to arrange?"

Li Mu blinked and said, "Just follow me."

After leaving the restaurant, Li Mu took Su Yingxue to his GL8. Su Yingxue seemed to have an intuition. Before Li Mu took out the car key, she pointed at the new car in surprise and said, "You just bought this car?"

Li Mu was stunned. "How did you know?"

Su Yingxue said with a smile, "I've been in your car in Haizhou, so I had an intuition when I saw this car."

Li Mu nodded, took out the car key to unlock it, and said with a smile, "Get in the car. I'll take you to a fun place."

Surprisingly, Su Yingxue didn't ask further. She nodded with a smile and sat in the passenger seat of Li Mu's car.

Li Mu was very familiar with the roads in Yan Jing. As soon as the car started, it went straight to the State Guesthouse without taking any detours. The famous Ginkgo Avenue was near the State Guesthouse, which was the most famous scenic spot in Yan Jing for viewing ginkgo trees.

After parking the car in the parking lot outside the entrance of Ginkgo Avenue, Li Mu took out the newly bought camera from the back seat and said to Su Yingxue, "Get out of the car. We're here."

Although Su Yingxue had never been to Ginkgo Avenue, she had checked the address on the Internet before. On the way here, she had already guessed that Li Mu was going to make it up to her for missing the appointment on Saturday. She felt happy, nodded slightly, and got out of the car.

At the end of 2001, there was little haze in Yan Jing. The sun was shining, and the weather was a little cold and dry, but it was the best season for ginkgo trees to shed their leaves. After a week, the cold air from the northwest would blow away all the golden ginkgo leaves.

The two walked side by side to a corner at the entrance of the alley, and the scenery in front of them suddenly opened up. In an instant, they were shrouded in a golden color. On both sides of the straight road in front of them, there were ginkgo trees covered with golden leaves, and the ground was also covered with a layer of them. The brilliant sunlight was spread on these golden leaves, making the golden color in front of them covered with a layer of colorful halo.

Su Yingxue's maiden heart completely melted at this moment. She screamed with joy, and then she couldn't wait to run toward the golden road. Li Mu raised the camera and followed behind her, taking pictures of Su Yingxue's back.

The beautiful woman, the beautiful scenery, and the azure sky as the background, matched with the perfect setting of the sunlight. For Li Mu, every time he pressed the shutter, it was equivalent to obtaining a breathtaking masterpiece.

Su Yingxue trotted to the ginkgo tree, and the mottled sunlight spread on her body through the leaves, making Li Mu feel a kind of realm where people and scenery were one. Under this golden halo, Su Yingxue's skin even bloomed with extraordinary brilliance. Her facial features, her smile, everything made the person and scenery in front of him more harmonious, exquisite and impeccable.

Li Mu almost couldn't bear to take his eyes off the viewfinder. In the viewfinder, he photographed Su Yingxue according to the more popular composition in the future, and he could feel the extraordinary artistic conception in it than directly looking at it with his eyes.

Su Yingxue saw that Li Mu had been holding the camera and taking pictures by her side. She couldn't help but ask with a smile, "Are you here to see the scenery or to take pictures?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Taking pictures is also to see the scenery, and to let the scenery freeze in your hands, it is more fulfilling than just looking."

Su Yingxue naughtily wrinkled her nose and threatened, "If you take pictures of me into an ugly monster, I will never come out with you again."

Li Mu patted his chest and said, "Don't worry, I am taking pictures with 120% of my heart. You have to believe in my skills and feelings."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "I believe you."

Li Mu said, "Give me a few poses, you have to do it according to my requirements."

Su Yingxue said without hesitation, "Okay, tell me, I will listen to you."

It wasn't a long stretch of ginkgo road, but because of Su Yingxue, Li Mu felt that almost every place was beautiful.

The two stayed here for more than two hours, and Li Mu was satisfied with the photography addiction. In his previous life, he also played photography when he had nothing to do, but he had never seen such a perfect model for him to take pictures of.

Su Yingxue had also never taken so many pictures in one go like today. The last time she took pictures was when she took pictures with a few close friends. That time, she took dozens of pictures in one go.

The two were tired, and Li Mu also took pictures in the camera, so he drove back to Renmin University. In the car, Su Yingxue wanted to see the pictures, but Li Mu didn't agree. The pictures were all original, and he had learned photography from others for a few days, so he knew how much the post-production would affect the pictures. He thought that after he selected the pictures, did the post-production, and found a processing shop to develop them, he would show the results to Su Yingxue.

When he thought of the amazing scenes he had just seen in the viewfinder, Li Mu was even more looking forward to the real effect of the film.

Su Yingxue only asked once, and Li Mu rejected her, so she didn't ask again. When she heard that Li Mu wanted her to wait to see the pictures, she didn't get angry. Instead, she looked forward to it. She once read a foreign novel, and the author said that if you want to see how much a man likes you, or how much he understands you, let him take a few pictures of you. If he takes pictures of you more perfect than you imagined, then he should love you with his heart.

After sending Su Yingxue to the school entrance, she insisted on going to the library to read for a while. Li Mu returned to Yucheng Garden with the pictures in his mind.

When he arrived at Yucheng Garden, he received a call from Hu Zhengdao. This morning, Hu Zhengdao and Dong Ai led a team to Shanbei Hu Zhengdao's hometown to complete the 250,000 RMB stipend. According to Hu Zhengdao, because of the Xilan County Education Committee incident, 3321 received the attention of the national media. This time, there were more than 30 media outlets present, including CCTV's Hua Xia, which Li Mu had been thinking about day and night.