Chapter 698

Ever since Xu Hui became a delinquent student, he had almost never been punished to stand. He always thought that after he contradicted the teacher and made the teacher afraid of him, he would not have to suffer this kind of punishment anymore. He did not expect to repeat the same mistake here today.

However, this time, Xu Hui didn't dare to talk back to anyone. His boss was right beside him, standing obediently like him. His boss the second power, his boss the third power, his boss the fourth power, and his boss the fourth power were all sitting at the dining table, staring at him and his boss coldly. They were even scarier than the head teacher or even the principal.

Xu Hui was frightened. He always felt that this matter was not right no matter how he thought about it. He did not know whether it was him who caused trouble or his boss who caused trouble. If it was the latter, why did they call him over?

If it was the former, why did they need to make such a big lineup?

Hei Zi was also puzzled and extremely afraid. Xu Hui, as a student in the school, had little experience. He did not know how cruel people like Zhang Wanjun and Lu Yong were. This time, they made such a scene for him. If he really accidentally made a mess, he was afraid that he would have to die here today.

When the two of them were extremely nervous, the door of the private room opened again. Hei Zi's legs were weak, but he could only force himself to stand straight. He wanted to cry but had no tears. Was it the rhythm of another big shot coming?

When the door was pushed open, the two of them were instantly dumbfounded.

A young man of about 20 years old walked in with a 12 or 13 years old boy. Could it be that they went to the wrong room?

Naturally, Hei Zi did not know Li Mu and Xiao Hao. Xu Hui had bullied many students in his daily life and did not remember who Xiao Hao was, so he was also full of surprise at this time.

As soon as Li Mu entered the private room with Xiao Hao, several people sitting at the dining table stood up. Zhang Wanjun could not figure out Li Mu's background, but he knew who he was. The matter of Li Mu had been reported several times by CCTV and countless times by Haizhou and Jinling TV stations.

Zhang Wanjun could get to where he was today because his vision was very accurate. He realized that Song Liang's development in Yan Jing had something to do with Li Mu. Basically, he could be sure that Li Mu had a very good relationship with Song Liang.

As soon as Li Mu entered, he saw two people in the corner. One of them was a bit older with a buzz cut and was dark and chubby. The other was a bit younger with long hair covering his eyes and dyed yellow. Li Mu guessed that the long-haired man was Xu Hui.

At this time, the four people in the private room politely greeted Li Mu, and Li Mu also politely exchanged greetings with them. Xiao Hao, who was on the side, entered the door and did not notice the two people who were punished to stand in the corner. He just saw that there were four adults, and he did not come back to his senses for a while. He thought that his cousin brought him to eat alone, and he did not understand why there were strangers at the scene.

After confirming that he had never seen the four people in front of him, Xiao Hao noticed that there were two more people standing in the corner. He glanced at them and was shocked speechless.

He knew both of them!

Xu Hui had beaten him before. For Xiao Hao, even if Xu Hui turned into ashes, he would still be able to recognize him. As for Hei Zi, because he was the big brother of Fifth High School, the students of Fifth High School basically knew him.

Xiao Hao naturally knew that Hei Zi was Xu Hui's boss. Now that the two of them were in the same private room, he was surprised and worried. He quietly pulled the corner of Li Mu's clothes and whispered, "Brother, the skinny guy standing inside is the Xu Hui who beat me …"

Li Mu turned to look at Xu Hui and deliberately raised his voice. He frowned and said, "Who beat you?

The skinny guy inside? "

Xu Hui saw that Li Mu was staring at him and was immediately shocked. He thought to himself, "Who did I beat?"

He took a closer look at Xiao Hao and felt that he looked very familiar. He racked his brains for a moment and was instantly stunned as if he had been struck by lightning.

Wasn't this the kid who was in the same class as his brother?

There was a time when his brother ran to him during class and said that there was a kid in his class who didn't like him. He even specifically ran to the kid's class and called him out to slap him a few times …

Thinking of this, Xu Hui's expression instantly turned to despair. With Xiao Hao in front of him and today's lineup, no matter how slow he was, he knew that he had caused a huge disaster. This kid's brother was talking cheerfully with the four big shots at the table that he couldn't afford to offend. Needless to say, he knew that their relationship was very good. Now that he was recognized on the spot, this was really …

Just as Xu Hui was about to have a heart attack, Hei Zi also realized the cause of today's incident. Because he wasn't the one who caused the trouble, he instantly let out a sigh of relief. But a moment later, a wave of anger surged. Xu Hui, you really know how to cause trouble for me. If anything happens to me today because of you, just you wait, I'll f * cking kill you!

As he was thinking, Xiao Hao pointed at Xu Hui and said, "Brother, that's him. His name is Xu Hui. He's in our school's second year of high school. He's in his third year of high school!"

Before Li Mu could say anything, Lu Yong glared at Wu Bin and pointed at Hei Zi and asked, "This idiot is your lackey?"

Wu Bin hurriedly nodded. "I'm sorry, Brother Yong. I didn't manage the people under me well."

Lu Yong pointed at Hei Zi and said to Wu Bin, "Then take care of him now!"

Wu Bin rushed to Hei Zi in two or three steps. Without saying a word, he raised his arm and slapped Hei Zi more than a dozen times, slapping Hei Zi's dark face until traces of blood appeared.

Hei Zi didn't dare to move at all when Wu Bin slapped him. He could only grit his teeth and endure it. The culprit, Xu Hui, heard the crackling sounds of slaps next to him and was so scared that his liver trembled. His legs almost couldn't support him and he fell to the ground on his butt.

Xiao Hao was dumbfounded. He couldn't figure out who the person who hit Hei Zi was. How could he be so powerful that he even dared to hit the famous Brother Hei Zi of Fifth High School?

After slapping Hei Zi more than a dozen times, Wu Bin kept slapping Hei Zi's face and asked him coldly, "Do you know your wrongs?"

Hei Zi hurriedly nodded his head, "I know, Brother Er Bin …"

Xiao Hao turned his head and looked at Li Mu with a face full of shock. His eyes and expression were filled with disbelief!

Li Mu faintly smiled and didn't say anything. At this time, Wu Bin asked Hei Zi again, "Tell me, where did I go wrong?"

Hei Zi said with a face full of regret, "I didn't manage my little brother well and caused trouble for you, Brother Yong, and Brother Jun."

Wu Bin slapped him again, "It's not that you didn't manage your little brother well, it's that you shouldn't have randomly taken in little brothers. I f * cking told you guys long ago not to take in little brothers from school. You f * cking ignored my words, didn't you?"

Hei Zi said with tears in his eyes, "Brother Er Bin, I really was wrong. I won't dare do it again!"

Wu Bin pointed at Xu Hui beside him and said, "Your little brother beat up the little brother of Brother Jun and Brother Liang's friend. What are you going to do about this?"

At this time, how could Hei Zi still care about Xu Hui? He wanted nothing more than to kill him. In order to prove himself in front of his big brother and big brother's big brother, Hei Zi blurted out, "Brother Er Bin, don't worry, I'll cripple this bastard right now!"

Xu Hui was scared out of his wits. Never in his dreams would he have thought that a student who had just finished his first year of high school would have such a shocking background. He was just a little high school hoodlum, and provoking someone like Hei Zi was tantamount to an imminent disaster. Now it seemed that he had hit his little brother's classmate, which was equivalent to piercing the heavens.

Hei Zi was serious when he said that he was going to cripple Xu Hui. Right now, he was under a lot of pressure. His little brother had stirred up trouble, and as the big brother, he couldn't escape responsibility. If he didn't do something to satisfy the big brothers present, they wouldn't let him off easily.

Thus, Hei Zi turned his head and began to beat up Xu Hui.

At this time, not only did Hei Zi want to show off to the big brothers present, but he also wanted to vent the anger in his heart. Thus, he didn't show any mercy and used all of his strength to beat Xu Hui until he held his head and wailed.

Hei Zi beat Xu Hui for a long time until he was gasping for breath. Li Mu watched coldly from the side as Xu Hui was beaten up until he was covered in injuries. He knelt on the ground and begged for mercy, sobbing and crying, "Big brother, I was wrong. I won't dare to do it again. Please don't hit me!"

Li Mu said to Hei Zi, "Stop for a moment."

Although Hei Zi didn't know who Li Mu was, he definitely didn't dare disobey. He hurriedly stopped and waited for Li Mu to speak.

Li Mu looked at Xu Hui who had a bloody nose and swollen face and asked him, "Tell me, where did you go wrong?"

Xu Hui knelt on the ground and cried, "I shouldn't have hit your little brother. It was my fault. Please let me go, I won't dare to do it again."

Li Mu said with a cold face, "If you shouldn't have hit my little brother, then who should you have hit?"

Xu Hui hurriedly changed his words, "I shouldn't have hit anyone …"

Li Mu reprimanded him, "You're so young and yet you don't learn good things. Do you feel a sense of accomplishment being the tyrant in school?"

Xu Hui cried and said, "I was wrong, I shouldn't have …"

Li Mu interrupted him and said to Hei Zi, "Aren't you his big brother? Then you better play the role of a big brother. In the future, you better keep a close eye on this kid. After today, if he still dares to grow his hair and dye it, you beat him up. After school starts, if he dares to skip a class, you beat him up. If he dares to go to an internet cafe, you beat him up. If he dares to bully other students, you beat him up. If he dares to get physical with others, you beat him up. If he dares to say a word of vulgarity, you beat him up. If he dares to smoke, you beat him up. If he dares to drink, you beat him up. If he dares to drop out of school or transfer schools, as long as he doesn't return to Fifth High, you beat him up every day until he returns to Fifth High."

How could Hei Zi dare to say no? He nodded repeatedly, "Don't worry, I will definitely do as you say!"

Li Mu said coldly, "You better keep a close eye on him. From today until he graduates from high school, isn't there no one to look after him? Then you better take good care of him for me. In the coming year, taking care of him will be your greatest mission. If I hear that you have neglected your duties in any way, I will put all the blame on you!"

Hei Zi trembled in fear and hurriedly promised, "Don't worry, I will definitely do as you say and not slack off!"

At this moment, Xu Hui's heart was in extreme despair. Were they trying to play him to death?

If that was really the case, how was he going to live for the next year?

How would he have the face to live in Fifth High in the future?

At this moment, Lu Yong saw the despair on his face and sneered, "Brat, why aren't you kowtowing and thanking him?

If it was me dealing with this matter, I would have already f * cking thrown you into a construction site and poured cement into the foundation! "