Chapter 1212

He took over Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook in a way that exceeded his expectations. Such a huge gain made Li Mu extremely excited.

Facebook was of great strategic importance to Li Mu, not only because it was a dominating super product, but also because it was a super product that he had set up overseas.

Whether it was YY, Taobao, or the future WeChat, they were all super products that were born from Hua Xia. However, once the international situation changed dramatically, then the development of Hua Xia's internet products overseas would inevitably be impacted. Instead of that, it was better to set up a flag overseas in advance. Once the international situation changed, both the east and the west of his own system could be preserved.

Mark Zuckerberg himself was extremely satisfied with the final cooperation method. He accepted all of the conditions that Li Mu put forward. This was a perfect situation for everyone.

With a product like Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg's talent in this area, and his own internet resources, it would only take a year or two for Facebook to become famous in North America. Perhaps in eight to ten years, Facebook's market value could exceed 300 to 400 billion US dollars. No matter how diluted his 59% shares were, he would at least retain more than 20%, which was nearly 100 billion US dollars in assets.

Li Mu estimated that, at this rate, in another eight to ten years, when the mobile internet era arrived, his net worth would not only be the world's richest man, but he would also be worth as much as the sum of the second to tenth places on the Forbes list …

Harvard President Lawrence was whipped by Li Mu at Project 3321, and he was particularly annoyed. However, Li Mu did not let him go. In the evening, Li Mu invited the National People's Congress exchange students to dinner at Harvard, and he specifically asked Lawrence and Xie Huairu to accompany him.

Lawrence realized that after he played tricks with Li Mu and failed, Li Mu had completely changed his style.

In the past, Li Mu was humble and polite. Not only did he not have the arrogance of a billionaire, but he also gave Lawrence enough respect. However, the current Li Mu completely regarded Lawrence as an object to be ordered around. There was no humility, no politeness, no arrogance, and no respect.

The contrast between before and after Li Mu made Lawrence feel extremely disappointed, but he didn't dare to lose his temper at all. All of this was his own fault, so he could only take the blame and suffer the consequences of his own actions.

However, this made the National People's Congress exchange students very excited.

They came here from thousands of miles away with reverence for Harvard. In this strange environment, they were very cautious about everything. Even so, it was difficult for them to really integrate into this environment, and they always drifted away from it. Not to mention their sense of belonging, even their sense of existence became very weak and insignificant. However, when Li Mu came, they immediately found a strong sense of existence.

The more popular Li Mu was at Harvard, the stronger the sense of existence of the National People's Congress exchange students in Harvard. In the beginning, no one cared about them, but now, within a day, almost all the Chinese students took the initiative to get to know them. Even some Caucasian students showed goodwill to them because of the two labels, "Li Mu" and "National People's Congress." This was the change that Li Mu brought to them.

Now, not only did Li Mu come to Harvard to invite them to dinner, but he also invited the president of Harvard University to accompany him. This was really a great honor. Looking at the whole of Harvard, how many students could be accompanied by the president?

At seven o 'clock that night, all the National People's Congress exchange students came to the restaurant dedicated to the academic staff of Harvard as arranged. According to the Western customs, Li Mu booked a western-style conference here.

When Li Mu, Lawrence, and Xie Huairu arrived at the restaurant, all the National People's Congress exchange students had already arrived. As soon as Li Mu entered the door, he saw Su Yingxue chatting with Dong Ai.

As a senior sister among the students of the National People's Congress, Dong Ai had a very good reputation among the students of the National People's Congress. It could be said that in the National People's Congress, besides Li Mu, Dong Ai was the most influential among the students. Coincidentally, she was also in charge of matters related to the 3321 American Station at Harvard, so Li Mu called her over.

At the first sight of Su Yingxue, Li Mu's heart involuntarily sprouted a little nervousness, just like before. When facing Su Yingxue, Li Mu could never find the mature mentality of a thirty-year-old.

Su Yingxue and Li Mu's eyes met. Deep surprise and joy could be seen in her eyes. After coming to America, the distance between them made her miss Li Mu even more. If it wasn't for the fact that they were in such a public place, she might have already run into Li Mu's arms.

At this moment, Li Mu had the same thoughts as Su Yingxue. Originally, he didn't want to publicize his trip to America. That way, he could secretly come to Harvard to see Su Yingxue after he finished his official business. That way, he could also fight for some private time with her. However, the cooperation with Coca-Cola had completely ruined his plan. He could only come to Harvard with his public identity and use this method to meet Su Yingxue.

At this moment, Lawrence was like an attentive butler. He invited Li Mu to take a seat as he said to Xie Huairu, "Tell the staff to prepare the dishes. The speed at which the dishes are served must not be slow!"

Xie Huairu nodded and went to communicate with the person in charge of the restaurant. Lawrence then said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, our restaurant's French cuisine is very good. Although it can't be considered luxurious, the taste is very good. I'll have someone bring the 82 year old red wine that I've preserved here. You can try it later."

Li Mu made a nasal sound and nodded slightly. He didn't speak to Lawrence and instead directly walked in front of Dong Ai and Su Yingxue. He asked with a smile, "What are you two talking about? You look so happy."

Dong Ai knew of the relationship between Li Mu and Su Yingxue. She pursed her lips into a smile and said in Mandarin, "I told Yingxue that you were very impressive today. You scolded the principal and helped me vent my anger."

Li Mu glanced at Lawrence beside him. Xie Huairu wasn't here, so he assumed that Lawrence didn't understand Mandarin. Thus, he also said in Mandarin, "This old fox actually wants me to carry his bag for him. If I don't beat him up a bit, he'll really think that I'm a three-year-old kid and make fun of me."

After saying this, Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue and asked her softly, "Have you gotten used to your time at Harvard?"

Su Yingxue shook her head a bit shyly and said, "Not really."

Li Mu said seriously, "If you're not used to it, then come back to China with me this time. I don't think Harvard is that big of a deal. Besides, you might not have learned much from being an exchange student for half a year."

Su Yingxue's heart warmed, but she shook her head and said, "Since I'm already here, of course I can't give up halfway. Besides, I can indeed learn a lot …"

At this moment, Dong Ai said with a smile, "Li Mu can't bear to leave you alone in the United States. He wants you to go back and accompany him."

After saying this, Dong Ai said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, but you don't have to worry. If Yingxue doesn't want to go back, I'll help you take care of her."