Chapter 1620

For Li Mu, as long as he was willing, he could easily fool William.

For William, he had already regarded Li Mu as a lighthouse and faith. Li Mu's words carried a lot of weight to him. A few minutes ago, deep down in his heart, he was still deeply in love with Kate and did not want to come to Hua Xia as an exchange student. But now, a few minutes later, Li Mu had already convinced him.

At the dinner table, William told Li Mu that he would carefully consider Li Mu's suggestion. However, Li Mu was not going to give him a chance to consider. He was going to call the Queen immediately after dinner to communicate about this matter directly.

Now, based on the strength of Li Mu and the entire Windsor family, Li Mu's comprehensive strength was on the same level as the Queen's. In front of him and the Queen, William was like a child still in kindergarten. Li Mu would only give him a single choice to happily accept. As long as he hesitated, Li Mu would immediately activate the parent mode so that he would have no choice but to accept. Any dissatisfaction and doubts must be swallowed into his stomach.

After dinner, Li Mu said goodbye to William. On the way out of the hotel and back to Purple Cloud Villa, he immediately called the special number that the Queen had left for him.

When the Queen received Li Mu's call, she put down all the work that she was doing and answered the phone alone in her lounge. After seeing William's international reputation continue to grow, the Queen's importance to Li Mu had reached an unprecedented level.

In fact, the Queen was very clear about the stakes involved. In her eyes, although Li Mu was about the same age as William, Li Mu played the role of a godfather. Therefore, in her mind, the role that she gave to Li Mu was an elder of William, and an elder who could bring him great opportunities.

After answering the phone, the Queen asked very kindly, "Mr. Li, how have you been recently?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Very good, Your Majesty. How have you been recently?"

The Queen smiled and said, "Everything is fine. Thank you for your concern. Also, how is Lucky's life in Hua Xia?

It didn't give you any trouble, did it? "

Li Mu said, "Lucky is very obedient. Every day, he plays when he's full, sleeps when he's tired, and eats when he wakes up. His life is very fulfilling."

"That's good." The Queen smiled and said, "I've been worried about it for the past two days. I'm afraid it won't be able to adapt to life there."

After saying that, the queen added, "By the way, if you want Lucky to breed in the future, I'll get someone to send you a purebred female dog."

Li Mu laughed and agreed. "Alright, I'll contact you when I have the idea."

The Queen asked him, "I wonder if Mr Lee is calling for something important?"

Li Mu said, "It's like this. I feel that William already has a very good foundation in Hua Xia. Moreover, the people of both the East and the West admire some of the qualities he displayed in this trip to Hua Xia. I feel that this is an unprecedented opportunity for William, so I suggest that William can come to Hua Xia at the beginning of next year as an exchange student."

The Queen said in surprise, "Exchange to Hua Xia?"

"Yes."

Li Mu told her what he had told William about how to cater to the people of both the East and the West at the same time. The Queen had been on the throne for so many years, so she was very sensitive to politics. After listening to Li Mu's analysis, she made a decision on the spot.

"Mr Lee, if that's the case, then I'll make the decision for William and accept your suggestion. When he comes back, I'll arrange for him to settle the development of 3321 in England as soon as possible, and then get him ready to go to Hua Xia!"

Li Mu did not expect the Queen to agree so readily. He said with a smile, "That's great. An exchange of half a year to a year will be a great opportunity for him. As long as he settles down and develops well during this period, he will definitely become the best link and bridge between Hua Xia and Europe."

The Queen said sincerely, "Mr Lee, thank you so much. William is lucky to have a senior like you who is so selfless and generous to him."

Li Mu said with a smile, "You're too kind, but I really hope that William can grow up quickly. I also hope that he can become the representative of the European royal family to express goodwill to Hua Xia. This will also help the West understand the purer and more real Hua Xia. After all, the future is a global world. The East and the West should accept each other, recognize each other, and integrate with each other. This is the trend of globalization."

"That's right."

The Queen agreed and said, "We also hope that William can play a role in accelerating the integration of the East and the West. After all, this is good for everyone."

Li Mu said, "Then let's work hard in this direction. Try to get William to accept my suggestion. Also, remind him to be careful when it comes to love."

The Queen asked in surprise, "Do you know about his girlfriend's situation?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "I heard from him. When I talked to him about being an exchange student, his first reaction was that he couldn't bear to part with his girlfriend."

The Queen hurriedly asked, "Mr Lee, what do you think of this matter?"

Li Mu said, "I've never seen that girl named Kate, and I don't know anything about her. However, I heard some small details from William, and I roughly pieced together a picture myself. Personally, I think that this girl should have a very clear purpose for being together with William. The real factor that drives her should be the heart of utilitarianism, not love."

The Queen said with great admiration, "Mr Lee, your analysis is really too realistic. Actually, I've never been very optimistic about their relationship. However, William is head over heels for that girl. I can only hope that he will slowly come to his senses."

Li Mu smiled and said, "There's an ancient poem in Hua Xia. In it, there's a line that goes, 'Fly up a branch and become a phoenix'. In Hua Xia, since ancient times, there have been cases of girls getting close to the rich and powerful in order to become a phoenix. Therefore, I think William should be careful and keep his eyes open."

The Queen sighed and said, "If only he had your judgment. That girl used to be in another university. After knowing that he was going to Scotland, she changed her university for him and followed him to Scotland. That girl's family has been grooming her like a princess since she was young. It's equivalent to completely custom-made for William. Therefore, her attraction to William is really too great. I've tried to make William give up, but without exception, all of them have failed."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's not important. Let's break them one by one first."

The Queen hurriedly asked, "How do we break them one by one?"

Li Mu said, "First, make sure that William agrees to go to Hua Xia as an exchange student. Then, make sure that the girl doesn't follow him. Then, we'll have at least half a year to change William's attitude bit by bit."

The Queen sighed and said, "If it's possible, I also hope that Kate doesn't follow him to Hua Xia. But I think that the possibility is very low. That girl's goal is not to go to university, but to be with William. No matter where William goes, she will definitely find a way to follow him."

Li Mu said, "So, we have to do William's job well. I will strictly warn him that there must not be any scandals during the exchange. In other words, we must not let Kate enter the public eye. Once Kate is exposed, I will immediately give up on him and no longer give him any resources."

The Queen agreed and said, "No problem. It's just that we have to make things more serious for him so that he will be in awe."

Li Mu said, "During this period, we have to try our best to prevent Kate from chasing him. If we can't prevent her from chasing Hua Xia, we have to find a way to change William's mind. Otherwise, it's very likely that all our efforts will be in vain."

The Queen immediately said, "I will cooperate with you on this. Be sure to let William make a good judgment!"

"Okay, then it's a deal."

After reaching a consensus with the Queen, Li Mu greeted her and Prince Charles and hung up the phone.

After hanging up the phone, Li Ziwei couldn't help but ask, "Li Zong, are you going to interfere with Prince William's private life?"

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I'm going to interfere, lest this kid plays a good hand of cards to pieces, or a good hand of cards is stolen by others."

Li Ziwei pursed her lips and said, "Directly interfering with his private life like this, will it cause him to resist fiercely?

After all, when I saw him talking about his girlfriend, he was very loving. He should like that girl very much. "

Li Mu said, "In fact, at his age, with such a strict family education, and with a long history of the royal family, it seems very difficult to get close to a rich man, but in fact, it's very easy to hook up with him. As long as you customize yourself for him, and then create more opportunities to contact him, directly targeting his heart, it will be easy to capture his heart. At that time, he will become a fool who can be used by others."

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "On the contrary, do you know what kind of rich men are the most difficult for girls to deal with?"

Li Ziwei shook her head gently.

Li Mu said, "The most difficult to deal with are the children of nouveau riche families. They come from an unorthodox background, and their family's cultural heritage and historical heritage are all lacking. They are just rich. Most of the rich men who grew up in such families are born stubborn. They grew up in a pile of money, and they know that money is the master of all things. Therefore, they rarely have true feelings, and only use money and their bodies to play with women. Many girls approach them with the intention of marrying into a rich family, but in the end, they are only played by them. At most, they can get some money as compensation, but it is basically impossible for them to fly up the branches and become a phoenix."

As he spoke, Li Mu added, "Moreover, these children of nouveau riche families look like playboys, but in fact, they have been dealing with money since they were young. Every one of them is especially smart. They may have had emotional entanglements with countless girls, but in the end, when they get married, most of them don't choose the girl they really like, but the one who helps them the most."

Li Ziwei nodded in agreement and asked, "Then what kind of emotional route do you want to plan for William?"