Chapter 1145

December 25th, Christmas.

Letao's promotional activities started with a bang. Li Mu, who was in Shenzhen, also signed a number of cooperation agreements with Spielberg under the attention of the whole country.

The cooperation agreement with DreamWorks to develop a ticket system in North America, and the cooperation agreement with DreamWorks to invest in movies in China had all been signed. As for Li Mu's plan to build a film and television training school, Li Mu and DreamWorks signed a memorandum of understanding. The memorandum did not stipulate that DreamWorks must invest in the school project, but they were obligated to provide software help after the school project started.

There were a lot of media present. What everyone really paid attention to was the cooperation between Li Mu and DreamWorks around Hua Xia.

For example, investing in movies in Hua Xia, using Hollywood teams to cooperate with people in the film and television industry in Hua Xia, letting domestic actors go to Hollywood to learn and experience, and even participate in performances, etc. These were the focus of the domestic media's attention.

When they learned that Li Mu had plans to build a film and television training school, and that he wanted to use all of Hollywood's teachers, they were all very interested.

In the world's film industry, Hollywood was naturally the leading existence in all aspects. Except for Hollywood, the film and television industry in any country was the "domestic film and television industry". Only Hollywood was the "global film and television industry". Almost all the top talents in the film and television industry in the world gathered in Hollywood. This allowed Hollywood to break through the restrictions of nationality and become the core of the world's film and television industry.

In this regard, Hollywood and Silicon Valley were relatively similar. If Zhongguancun was the Zhongguancun of Hua Xia, then Silicon Valley was definitely not the Silicon Valley of the United States. It belonged to the world, belonged to the world's Internet industry, and was the holy land of the world's Internet industry.

When Hua Xia Zhongguancun started, although there were not many companies from Silicon Valley, a considerable number of companies started their businesses in Zhongguancun with Silicon Valley's money. However, the film and television industry was not as tolerant and open as the Internet industry, so Hua Xia's film and television industry was not impacted and affected by Hollywood.

But now, everything was different. Li Mu directly brought Hollywood's resources into the country, which was bound to have a huge impact on the domestic film industry.

The public applauded and praised Li Mu for bringing Hollywood into the picture. They also hoped that domestic movies could continue to improve their strength and reduce the gap between them and Hollywood. Therefore, under such circumstances, there was a special need for top-notch resources to be brought in. However, for Hua Xia's film industry employees, Li Mu's approach was too hateful.

Most of the film and television industry in the country were extremely xenophobic, especially those who were already somewhat famous in the country. They were especially repulsed by overseas actors and directors.

These people were like a feudal dynasty that had sealed itself off from the rest of the world. They would rather never develop than have their status be impacted by external factors.

For many people in the industry, they hoped that the overseas film and television industry would never penetrate into Hua Xia. They also hoped that overseas movies would not have a chance to be released in Hua Xia, so that Hua Xia's people would not have a chance to come into contact with overseas movies. This way, they would have the biggest market and the greatest guarantee of their interests.

The reason why they were so xenophobic was that they were also very clear about the huge gap between them and Hollywood. If Hollywood did not enter, they would be the top in the country. If Hollywood entered, they would not even be able to enter the B-list in the country. Hollywood was a mirror that could reveal all of their shortcomings and shortcomings.

Li Mu was now promoting Mu Ying's ticketing system to the whole country at an unstoppable speed. Under such circumstances, Li Mu would soon control the lifeline of the box office. Moreover, his online marketing resources were too strong. He could directly integrate it with Mu Ying's ticketing system. When he promoted a movie, if users were interested after seeing it, they could directly buy the movie tickets online. This way, the competition for other film and television companies would be too great.

Under such circumstances, if he brought in Hollywood's team and integrated them with Mu Ying's ticketing system and Makino Technology's marketing ability, they would definitely be invincible in the domestic film market. How could others survive?

Therefore, when Li Mu announced the cooperation with DreamWorks Animation, he immediately became the public enemy of most of Hua Xia's film and television industry.

However, this time, these people in the film and television industry could not go against Li Mu. Last time, they jointly reported the ticketing system and were killed by Li Mu. Even now, they were still being scolded online. What was even more infuriating was that even the higher-ups immediately expressed their stance and stood up for Mu Ying's ticketing system. This was enough to prove that Li Mu's influence was not something they could shake.

During the Q&A session after the signing ceremony, when Li Mu answered a reporter's question, he explained in detail his original intention of cooperating with DreamWorks Animation and establishing a film and television training school in China. He said, "I am a complete film lover, but to be honest, the domestic film and television industry, whether it is market maturity, film quality, the quality of employees, the ability of actors, etc., are still in a stage of urgent improvement. At this time, if we can integrate the top talents in the industry, it will definitely bring about a huge improvement and promotion to the domestic film and television industry. This is the original intention of my cooperation with DreamWorks Animation."

Li Mu did not mention his motive for wanting Hollywood to help promote Hua Xia's culture, because this kind of thing should be done in a subtle way. If he said it out loud, not only would it seem very purposeful, but once this kind of talk reached the ears of the overseas people, they would to a certain extent reject it.

After Li Mu answered a round of reporters' questions, the reporters turned their attention to the famous director Spielberg. When Spielberg answered the reporters' questions with the help of a translator, Li Mu suddenly received a text message. When he opened it, it was sent by Liu Shixiong.

"Letao is working hard. They organized a Christmas event. The scale is very big. The market reaction is good."

After Li Mu read this text message, he could not help but frown.

His rejection of fake goods gave Boss Ma the opportunity to find a gap to survive. However, this person was indeed not a person who could be content with a corner. Even if he lived in the gap, he would continue to struggle and make the gap bigger and bigger. He was like a cockroach that could not be killed.

However, Li Mu knew in his heart that once he entered a differentiated competition, he had no way to directly attack him. What he focused on was the business that he did not dabble in, and the national conditions brought him good opportunities, so he was like a fish in water.

It had to be said that this person's eyes were too sharp. He could always seize any opportunity.

Li Mu could not help but think of the rise of Boss Ma in his previous life. In fact, when he thought about it carefully, he was able to create such a huge e-commerce empire in his previous life. He did borrow a lot from various aspects. One of the biggest aids was the abnormal development of the domestic real estate industry.

In his previous life, many people evaluated Taobao. They said that Taobao greatly impacted the domestic physical retail economy. In fact, the real impact of the domestic physical retail economy was the domestic real estate market that was constantly skyrocketing.

When the offline physical retail industry's cost was getting higher and higher, the profit margin was getting lower and lower, and the bankruptcy was getting more and more frequent, a large number of people were bound to transfer this form of economic form from offline to online. This greatly exacerbated the decline of the offline physical retail industry and increased the proportion of the online retail industry.

Boss Ma took advantage of this opportunity to rise. It seemed that he helped a large number of retail industry people to transfer from the unbearable offline to the completely free online platform. But what about a few years later?

50% of the online store owners' profits were not contributed to the high shop rent, but contributed to the advertising bidding system of the e-commerce platform.

To a certain extent, this was equivalent to pulling people out of the pit dug by others and kicking them into the fire pit dug by oneself.

In Li Mu's opinion, there was nothing wrong with taking advantage of the situation, let alone taking advantage of the general trend. Under the general trend, even if one did not take advantage of the situation, it would not affect the development of the entire society. However, Li Mu felt that the most important thing was to take advantage of the situation with integrity.

One could take advantage of the situation to develop e-commerce, but one could not take advantage of the situation to develop e-commerce and secretly even encourage the selling of fake goods to cheat consumers who did not know the situation. At the same time, one could use various bidding ranking advertising systems to maximize the profits of the platform merchants.

It was just like when the food delivery industry was in the market, the operating cost of offline restaurants was getting higher and higher. Many people in the restaurant industry shifted their attention from offline to online, and then a large number of home kitchens and even illegal workshops that operated without licenses were born. A certain hungry XX platform could take advantage of the situation to develop its own food delivery business, but it could not allow those unlicensed and illegal workshops to operate on its platform for the sake of profits and threaten the food safety and health of consumers.

When he thought of this, Li Mu could not help but feel indignant.

He had been raising the demand for e-commerce legislation for so long, but why was there no actual news until now?

Was he going to let the phenomenon of online selling of fake goods become more and more serious and rampant?

If this continued, then the situation that he had set for Hua Xia's e-commerce would eventually be led astray by those without integrity. Once there was a shortcut to take, who would take the right path?

Li Mu, who was upset, even wanted to leave immediately and write a blog to attack online selling of fake goods. However, after some consideration, he resisted this impulse.

He attacked the film and television industry for boycotting progress. No matter how big this matter was, it was still an internal matter of the industry. If he attacked online selling of fake goods, it would not be an internal matter of the industry. It would also involve the government agencies.

Not touching politics was a string in Li Mu's heart that was always tight.

At the same time, Minister Zhen of the Economic and Trade Commission suddenly received a report from his secretary. The scale of Letao's Christmas promotion was very large. Because Taobao did not have any activities at the same time, the influence of Letao's promotion this time was also extraordinary. According to his experience, more than 80% of the promotional products in this event were fake and inferior products.

When he heard this, Minister Zhen could not sit still.