Chapter 309

Li Mu was waiting for Su Yingxue to continue hosting the party. Zhao Ziqiu followed the three girls from her dormitory out of the National People's Congress in a daze. Following the route in her memory, she slowly walked to the place where she really fell in love with Li Mu — the snack alley near the University of Technology.

She had confessed to Li Mu many times in public and in secret, but there was no follow-up every time. But today, Li Mu was so attentively confessing to another girl in front of so many people. This strong gap filled her heart with a sense of frustration.

She never knew why Li Mu didn't accept her. Sometimes, she also saw the shadow of love in Li Mu's eyes, but the love in Li Mu's eyes always flashed, and she never let it show.

Now that she thought about it, the reason why she lost to Su Yingxue should be more because of the love in his heart. After all, she was Li Mu's high school classmate and also the object of Li Mu's love since high school. She had only known Li Mu for less than half a year, and she had completely lost to him on this point alone.

The weather was cold, and the snack alley near the University of Technology was not as crowded as it was when the weather was hot. Zhao Ziqiu found the kebab stall where she and Li Mu ate together, but she didn't find the Chongqing noodle stall.

Several girls accompanied her to sit down at the small square table of the kebab stall. Zhao Ziqiu ordered some kebab, but she barely ate. In fact, she was not hungry at all. Even if she was hungry, she had no appetite. She came here only because she thought of Li Mu. She fell in love with him here, and it was also a kind of feeling for her.

Feng Sier, who lived nearby, also had feelings for this snack alley, a kind of hatred.

When the weather was still hot, he was drinking and eating kebab here with a few friends. He fell in love with a hot and beautiful girl. In order to save face, he went to flirt with her. He didn't expect that a boy student, who looked like a gigolo, next to her, splashed a bowl of hot noodles at him, and his face was disfigured.

At that time, the bowl of noodles that had just come out of the pot was splashed over, and a large lump of noodles and soup was thrown on the right side of Feng Sier's face. Half of his cheek was scalded. Finally, he went to the hospital for identification, and it was a shallow second-degree burn. It was not serious, and he spent less than 20,000 yuan on the medical expenses. But the key was that after the injury was healed, the right side of his face was twisted into a tight burn scar, which was almost equivalent to disfigurement.

Feng Sier was a native of Yanjing, but he did not have a proper job. He would do anything, such as stealing and cheating. Sometimes, he would also follow a few friends in the underworld to do some things that had something to do with prostitution. He could be considered half a gangster. After the incident, he borrowed money from everywhere to raise his medical expenses. After he was discharged from the hospital, he thought about the culprit that night all day long.

At first, he really thought that the person who hurt him that day, Li Mu, was a student of the University of Science and Technology. He took a few friends with him to wait at the gates of the University of Science and Technology all day long. In the end, they failed to find Li Mu, and even sneaked into the campus. He went to the dormitory area to look for Li Mu for a few days, but he couldn't find him. Later, he even forgot what he looked like, and he didn't watch TV. He didn't even know what 3321 was, and he didn't see any news about Li Mu.

After a long time, Feng Sier began to admit defeat. It seemed that he couldn't get revenge for his disfigurement. Later, he vented his anger on the street vendor and threatened the noodle vendor to pay for his medical expenses and subsequent cosmetic surgery. As a result, the street vendor directly closed his stall and fled to his hometown in Sichuan Province overnight. Feng Sier was even more depressed. He didn't have a stable income, and he still owed thousands of yuan for medical expenses. He couldn't afford the subsequent cosmetic surgery at all, so he could only continue to hang around with a scar on his face. Over time, Feng Sier's nickname became Scarface Feng.

With this annoying nickname, Scarface Feng, Feng Sier searched everywhere for Li Mu like crazy. As a result, after looking for a while, even the brothers who helped him at the beginning were annoyed. They directly said to him, "It's too f * cking annoying every day. If you want to look for him, look for him yourself."

After a month, Feng Sier himself really couldn't take it anymore. He could only grit his teeth and swallow it. Because he was disfigured and he didn't have the money for cosmetic surgery, his previous girl ran away. Also because of his disfigurement, no girl was willing to be with him anymore. Even because of his disfigurement, he could feel the strange gazes of the girls when he went to the brothel. All kinds of blows caused him to run to the snack alley every few days to drown his sorrows in alcohol. Of course, it would be best if he could meet that bastard again.

If it were Li Mu, he would definitely not come to this snack alley again. There was only one reason: to be cautious.

After all, he had offended someone here. He couldn't come looking for trouble for no reason. If they met again, there would definitely be a lot of trouble. Moreover, that night, the other party suffered a loss. If the other party still remembered it, then this snack alley would be an important target for the other party.

However, the same thing, if it were a woman thinking about it, the direction of her thinking would inevitably be less comprehensive and more emotional. There was only one thought in Zhao Ziqiu's mind: I fell in love with Li Mu here. Now that he has become someone else's boyfriend, the place I subconsciously want to go is here.

She completely didn't think that the two of them had a grudge with someone else here.

Feng Sier drank his beer alone. Not far away, four girls suddenly sat down. Although his face was disfigured, his lustful heart wasn't destroyed. The action of glancing at the girls when he saw them was already his instinctive reaction. It was even more ingrained in his bone marrow than a dog eating sh * t.

When he looked, he first saw Han Xiaoxiao's face and Chen Qiao's side profile. Han Xiaoxiao's appearance was quite pretty. This made Feng Sier couldn't help but look a few more times.

Han Xiaoxiao also felt the strange gaze coming from not far away. She raised her head and met Feng Sier's eyes. She immediately felt Feng Sier's fiery and perverted gaze. In addition to the scar on his face, it made Han Xiaoxiao feel uncomfortable.

Han Xiaoxiao hurriedly lowered her head to avoid the other party's disgusting gaze. Feng Sier looked at Han Xiaoxiao's face as if she had eaten a fly, and his heart was instantly filled with anger.

Damn it, you think your Master Si's face is ugly?

Damn it, if rape wasn't against the law, Master Si would f * cking make you beg for mercy!

Feeling insulted by Han Xiaoxiao, Feng Sier's gaze became even more unrestrained. He even stared straight at Han Xiaoxiao without blinking.

Han Xiaoxiao didn't think that the scar-faced pervert would stare at her. Her heart was extremely uncomfortable. She fidgeted and whispered to the girls, "Why don't we quickly finish eating and leave? There's a pervert staring at me all the time. I'm about to die of disgust …"

When the three girls heard this, they subconsciously looked in the direction opposite Han Xiaoxiao. The two girls beside Zhao Ziqiu could see Feng Sier from the side profile. Only Zhao Ziqiu's back was facing Feng Sier, so she couldn't help but turn her head …

Feng Sier saw that the girls were all looking at him, but he was still competing in his heart. He secretly cursed at them. What are they looking at?

Haven't they f * cking seen Master Si's charm?

In the end, before he could finish his monologue, he instantly exploded when he saw Zhao Ziqiu's face!

It had been so long, he really couldn't remember what Li Mu looked like. Even if Li Mu stood in front of him, he probably wouldn't be able to recognize him. However, he still had an impression of Zhao Ziqiu's face. After all, he had peeped at this exquisite girl for half a day before he finally came forward to harass her, causing trouble for himself. When he saw Zhao Ziqiu's face again, he almost instantly recognized him.

At this moment, this was the first time since Feng Sier's adulthood that his heart was free of all distracting thoughts in front of a beautiful woman. There was only one thought in his mind: Heaven rewards those who wait, I finally found you guys!

Zhao Ziqiu didn't recognize Feng Sier, but Feng Sier suddenly stood up, grabbed a beer bottle, and rushed towards the girls.

Han Xiaoxiao was so scared that she screamed. She hurriedly stood up and said to the other girls, "Let's go …"

However, Feng Sier didn't give her a chance. She ran up to Zhao Ziqiu in a few steps and smashed the beer bottle on the edge of the table beside Zhao Ziqiu. With a crash, the bottom of the bottle was smashed, revealing the sharp glass shards that looked like fangs. This shocked everyone. Fortunately, the broken glass shards at the bottom of the empty bottle did not hurt anyone.

"F * ck, b * tch, do you still remember your Master Si?!" Feng Sier's anger was on his head, and he just wanted to vent to his heart's content.

The Heavens had eyes, the Heavens really had eyes. After searching for so long, he couldn't find them. Today, he found them, so he had to get back at them with interest.

The ferocious Feng Sier immediately scared the girls around him into screaming. Zhao Ziqiu was also stunned. Only then did she remember who he was. She was instantly shocked and scared. She dodged the glass shards of the beer bottle in his hand and asked in a trembling voice, "What do you want?"

"What do I want?"

Feng Sier pointed at the scar on the right side of his face and said angrily, "F * ck, my face is thanks to the two of you. I've been looking for you for so long, and I've finally met you. You've got some guts, and you even dare to come here!

Where's that son of a b * tch?

Call him and ask him to come over! "

Han Xiaoxiao was so scared that her face turned pale. She immediately took out her phone and said, "If you keep pestering us, I'll call the police!"

Feng Sier glared at her fiercely and pointed the tip of the glass at Zhao Ziqiu's face. He scolded, "You want to f * cking hit me?

Do you believe that I won't disfigure this b * tch like me?

When the two of them ruined my face, I had already made up my mind to take you down with me! "

Feng Sier had been wandering in society for a long time, and he knew that he could either rely on coaxing or scaring people when he encountered problems. If he wanted to scare these girls, scaring them was the best way.

When Han Xiaoxiao saw the cold reflection of the glass, she immediately gave up the idea of calling the police. She asked Feng Sier nervously, "What on earth do you want?"

Feng Sier said coldly, "Call that guy over first. I'll deal with him face to face!" After that, he lowered his head and said to Zhao Ziqiu fiercely, "That guy is your boyfriend, right?

Call him over and we'll deal with him face to face. "

“

Zhao Ziqiu calmed down and immediately said, "I broke up with him, and we don't keep in touch anymore. Do you want money?

How much do you want? Just tell me. "