Chapter 1795

As soon as Spielberg saw Li Mu, he shook hands with him warmly and said with a smile, "Hello, Li Zong. Sorry to keep you waiting."

Li Mu shook hands with him and said with a smile, "Stephen, everyone is waiting for your movie. Come, let's go to the screening room."

Spielberg hurriedly nodded and followed Li Mu to the screening room.

The screening room had been completely covered. The lights were turned off inside and it was pitch black. It was impossible to see from the outside. At the same time, everyone who came in had also undergone routine checks to make sure there were no recording devices.

In order to ensure the smooth release of the movie and not be harmed by piracy, Li Mu had already informed the team at Makino Image in advance to prepare 20 million yuan as a reward for reporting piracy. Once Flying Tigers was released in China, and pirated or other pirated sources were sold on the market, they must resolutely fight to the end.

Therefore, from the moment the copy was taken out of the post-production company, the highest level of confidentiality had to be carried out.

For this early viewing of the movie, Makino Technology had turned one of the conference rooms into a screening room. The equipment was also professional cinema-level equipment to ensure everyone's viewing experience.

In the screening room, all the executives of Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay were present. Even Song Liang, Chen Ze, and Wei Lan from Wanying Real Estate were invited to watch this extraordinary war movie.

Spielberg and his staff personally controlled the screening equipment. Since this was a non-release copy, there was no introduction or interlude at the beginning. It started directly from the main film.

The beginning of the movie was a real video with an oral history narrated in English.

Li Mu could tell that the narration of this video was read by Leonardo DiCaprio.

The movie started from the Lugouqiao Incident in 1937 and introduced the main background of the Japanese invasion of China in the form of a timeline.

July 7, 1937, a full-scale invasion of China, August 13, the Battle of Songhu, December 13, the capital of Hua Xia, Jinling, fell, followed by a six-week, heartless, and tragic massacre.

In January 1938, the Battle of Pengcheng began. In April, Taierzhuang won. In May, Pengcheng fell.

In August of the same year, the Japanese invaders continued their invasion, and the Great Battle of Jiangcheng, which lasted more than four months, began.

At this time, the narrative angle quietly changed from the timeline of the Anti-Japanese War and began to focus on the famous aerial battle of Jiangcheng.

In this air battle, the Air Force of the National Government and the Soviet Volunteer Air Force fought bravely against the Japanese invaders. Many heroic pilots fought fiercely against the Japanese invaders, and their blood was spilled on the land of Hua Xia.

At this time, the narrator introduced, "In 1940, with the withdrawal of the Soviet Volunteer Air Force from Hua Xia, and the Japanese Type Zero fighters fully entered the battlefield of Hua Xia, the national government of Hua Xia was completely passive in the air war."

"In September 1940, another air battle began in Yuzhou, the capital of Hua Xia's national government. Many historical sources have confirmed that in this air battle, the Hua Xia's air force lost more than 20 fighters, and three Japanese fighters were shot. Among them, the fighter piloted by pilot Takatsuka Inichi was destroyed due to damage to the landing gear during landing."

"After the aerial battle in which the Japanese army won with an overwhelming advantage, the Huaxia national government at that time decided to entrust an American to go to the United States to recruit pilots and plan to build a new air force to resist the Japanese invaders."

"This American's name was Clare Lee Chennault."

At this time, the picture gradually turned black, and then gradually brightened.

Tom Hanks, played by Chen Nault, appeared in the picture. The time shown on the screen was 1934, and the location was the United States.

At this time, Tom Hanks, wearing the military uniform of the US Air Force, participated in a joint land and air exercise. Because of tactical problems, he had a conflict with the Chief of Staff of the War Department at that time, and was removed from the list of military officers.

Chen Nault, played by Tom Hanks, was depressed and was forced to leave the front line and began to write his own books.

In 1937, the Air Force of Hua Xia invited him to be a flying instructor. He thought about it again and again, and decided to retire from the US Air Force. In July of the same year, he arrived in Hua Xia.

After arriving in Hua Xia, Japan launched a full-scale invasion of China. Chen Nault began to actively build an aviation training school in Gui Province. Here, he met one of his favorite pilots, Li Zheshen, played by Liu Ye, a pilot of Hua Xia.

Li Zheshen was the most talented pilot in Hua Xia, and he was the one with the strongest patriotism. Every day, he trained with all his might, just to serve his country and kill the enemy.

Chen Nault admired Li Zheshen's patriotism, and often personally taught him flying and aerial combat skills. The two of them formed a deep friendship, like a teacher and a friend.

After that, Jinling fell, and the aviation school began to move to Spring City in Yun Gui Province.

After arriving in Spring City, Li Zheshen began to immerse himself in actual combat. He participated in the aerial battle of Jiangcheng, and fought against the Japanese. At the same time, he witnessed his comrades die for their country. The scenes shot in the movie were very realistic, and the investment was huge. Therefore, the tragedy of the battle that was shown in the movie moved all the audience.

The aerial battle of Jiangcheng, the fall of Jiangcheng, the aerial battle of Yuzhou …

Several aerial battles were staged one after another, making the audience feel a suffocating sense of oppression.

Among them, in the aerial battle of Yuzhou, the Japanese Type Zero fighter appeared. With its better maneuverability, the Type Zero fighter had an overwhelming advantage. When the scene of the Type Zero diving head-on was shown, everyone felt a stronger sense of oppression.

Li Zheshen, played by Liu Ye, went all out in this battle, but only damaged one Japanese fighter plane. His own plane was damaged by the Japanese fighter plane, and he was forced to land in a field. He was also seriously injured.

Li Zheshen was sent to the battlefield hospital, and after rescue, his life was no longer in danger. Then, he was transferred to the ward to recuperate. The nurse in charge of taking care of him was the American nurse played by Anne Hathaway.

However, at this time, Anne Hathaway didn't have any special feelings for Li Zheshen. She just felt that this man was extraordinarily strong, never complaining about pain when treating his wounds and changing his dressing. Every time, he would ask when he could fly a plane again.

In this aerial battle, the Japanese Army almost destroyed the effective strength of Hua Xia's air force.

Chen Nault's students also suffered heavy casualties.

Seeing that Hua Xia's air force was almost completely annihilated, the national government asked Chen Nault to return to America and recruit pilots.

Thus, Chen Nault tearfully bid farewell to Li Zheshen, who was still recuperating in the hospital, and the other pilots, and stepped on a plane to America.

…

The scene changed to Texas, America.

Under the golden sunset, a handsome young man with blonde hair flew in the sky, piloting a plane with naked women painted on it.

This golden-haired young man was the good-looking Leonardo DiCaprio who was still very good at fighting.

At this time, he was competing with other pilots in flying skills. After he performed a series of bold and skillful flying skills, the other planes all failed and returned to the runway to land.

Chen Nault, who was wearing casual clothes and sunglasses, said excitedly to the assistant beside him, "I want this kid!"

The plane with naked women painted on it landed smoothly on the runway, and there was a lot of cheering around it. Many blonde, blue-eyed, and hot beauties were cheering excitedly, their faces full of worship and adoration.

Leonardo jumped down from the plane and said with a bit of arrogance, "Hey, Tom, how much did I win this round?"

A fat man in overalls smiled and said, "A total of 76 dollars, it's all yours."

"Oh!" Leonardo shook his head excitedly and said, "Let's go to the bar, I'll treat you to a drink tonight!"

At this time, a few beautiful women surrounded him and said excitedly, "Dean, can you treat us to a drink tonight?"

Leonardo held a cigarette in his mouth and frivolously looked them up and down, saying with a smile, "Come on, beauties, we won't go home until we're drunk tonight!"

At this time, Tom Hanks, who was playing Chen Nault, came in front of Leonardo and asked with a smile, "Are you Dean Johnson?"

Leonardo asked in surprise, "Who are you?"

Tom Hanks smiled and said, "My name is Chen Nault, I'm looking for you to offer you a job."

Leonardo frowned and looked at Tom Hanks, "What job?"

Tom Hanks said, "Fighter pilot."

"Bullsh * t," Leonardo said, "I don't want to join the United States Air Force!"

Tom Hanks hurriedly said, "Not the United States Air Force, to be exact, not any air force."

Leonardo said in disdain, "Old man, don't make fun of me. You want me to be a fighter pilot and not join any air force, isn't that bullsh * t?"

Tom Hanks said, "The job I'm offering you is to go to Hua Xia. You know, the people of Hua Xia are being invaded by Japan. You will go with me, and you won't join any air force. You will be a volunteer pilot and fight against the Japanese."

Leonardo arrogantly took a puff of his cigarette and said with a pout, "I don't care about Hua Xia or Japan. I've never been to either place in my life. I only care about three things in my life: planes, cigarettes, and women. As for the matter between Hua Xia and Japan, it has nothing to do with me."

Tom Hanks asked again, "What if I give you a high reward?"

Leonardo waved the dozens of dollars in his hand and said with a smile, "I don't lack money, and I don't care about money. Even if I want to make money, I can do it in Texas. I don't need to go to Hua Xia on the other side of the world to make money."

After saying that, he called over the beauties and friends beside him and said, "Forget about this old man, let's go."

Tom Hanks laughed and said behind him, "Do you think that with your little flying skills, you can live a carefree life by betting with others in the club every day?

Let me tell you, with your skills, you are nothing in front of a real pilot. "

“

Leonardo turned around and angrily threw his cigarette on the ground. "Hey, old man, I don't want to do anything to you because you're too old, but you should know that I've been piloting a plane since I was 12. I'm the best pilot in the world!" Leonardo turned around and angrily threw his cigarette on the ground.

Tom Hanks laughed and asked, "You think you are the best pilot?

Alright, then do you dare to compete with an old man like me? "

Leonardo snorted and said, "What?

You can fly planes too? "

Tom Hanks nodded and said, "Yes, and I can fly better than you!"

Leonardo suddenly got to his head and blurted out, "Old man, you have to think before you speak!"

Tom Hanks deliberately asked loudly, "What?

You don't dare to compete with me? "