Chapter 3

Li Mu already had a high school experience, so he deeply understood that teachers in the early 21st century were extremely domineering towards their students. Nowadays, the media wasn't developed enough, and the public didn't have enough supervision over teachers. Not to mention teachers who spoke sarcastically, even corporal punishment or disguised corporal punishment was still very common from primary school to high school.

Li Mu was taking the college entrance examination in the city's No.5 High School, which had the worst reputation in the city.

The students there were the worst in the city, and the quality of the teachers there was the lowest in the city. Most of the teachers there had graduated from a teacher's college in the city. Li Mu couldn't be more clear about the quality of a teacher's college. As long as the local students passed the filing line for the college entrance examination, the teacher's college would open its doors to them. But even so, they still couldn't recruit enough students every year.

Li Mu wasn't surprised that a teacher from such a school would say something like that. It was just that after his rebirth, his mental age was already over 30 years old. How could he buy it?

At this moment, the male teacher looked at the time and said in a kind tone, "The exam allows you to be half an hour late. You should still be able to make it if you go home and change now."

When Li Mu heard this, he couldn't help but frown and ask, "Then what about the hearing part?"

The male teacher shrugged and spread his hands helplessly. "Then there's nothing I can do. With your current state, I can't possibly let you enter the exam."

The other students in the exam hall were shocked. This male teacher was really a jerk. To make things difficult for a student on something like the college entrance examination was equivalent to making a joke out of someone else's future.

At this moment, Li Mu sneered and completely disregarded him. He raised his chin and combed his wet fringe to one side, revealing a delicate but somewhat miserable face. He pointed at the wound on the left side of his forehead and said in a careless tone, "Let me tell you, I was hit by a car on the way here for the exam. I'm very dizzy now. If you don't let me in within ten seconds, I might lie down at any time. If I lie down here today, even three years of your salary won't be enough. Do you believe me?"

As soon as he said that, not only were the three invigilators surprised, but all the students in the examination hall looked at Li Mu as if he was an alien.

On one hand, the media and the internet weren't as developed these days, and people didn't really understand the concept of "scamming". On the other hand, who the hell had ever seen a student talk to a teacher like that?

Too awesome, too beastly!

However, the more unconventional a move was, the more unexpected the effect would be.

If Li Mu had taken the normal route and cried and begged, the other party would probably have taken advantage of him. However, when he put on a tone of 'if you don't let me in, I'll blackmail you', that male teacher who was only 27 or 28 years old almost immediately cowered.

After all, there was a real injury on Li Mu's forehead. His face and clothes were stained with blood. No one would doubt that he was hit by a car. If he didn't find trouble with Li Mu and Li Mu fell to the ground after entering, it wouldn't have anything to do with him. However, he wouldn't let Li Mu in. If Li Mu were to lie on the ground while standing at the door and something happened to him, he wouldn't be able to clear his name even if he jumped into the Yellow River.

Dozens of pairs of eyes were watching. If you didn't let him in and he collapsed, even if you didn't do it, you'd still have to pay for it.

After admitting his cowardice, the male teacher hurriedly waved his hand. His expression was unkind, but his tone was completely defeated. "Fine, fine, fine. Hurry up and come in and take a seat!"

The examination hall instantly roared with laughter.

It's not like he's your student. You can't do anything even if everyone laughs at him. Moreover, the law doesn't punish the masses.

The male teacher's expression was very ugly. After the female teacher checked Li Mu's admission ticket, he walked into the examination hall under the worshipful gazes of all the students. He came to the only empty seat, looked at the number on the table, and confirmed that it was indeed his name. Only then did he sit down.

"Hey, bro, you're too f * cking awesome!" The fatty sitting behind Li Mu poked Li Mu with a pen. His admiration was clear on his face.

Li Mu smiled at him, but didn't say anything. His mind was filled with the upcoming English exam.

The fatty's voice wasn't soft, and his words were heard by the red-faced male teacher. He immediately became angry, pointed at the fatty and threatened: "You're not allowed to whisper during the exam. Otherwise, you'll be punished for cheating!"

"F * ck!"

With Li Mu's example, the fatty was also eager to give it a try. Moreover, he wasn't someone who was easy to deal with. He immediately asked: "Have the exams been given out?

The exams haven't even been given out yet, and you're already accusing me of cheating? This is slander. Be careful that I don't report you to the Board of Education! "

"You …" The male teacher almost spat out a mouthful of dog blood. F * ck, today was really an unlucky day. Being threatened and ridiculed by two students in front of everyone, yet he couldn't say anything in response. The exams haven't been given out yet, and you're accusing him of cheating? This was indeed somewhat unjustifiable.

The female teacher was a bit more cultured. She immediately smoothed things over and said: "Alright, Little Wang, hurry up and give out the exams. It's already a minute late."

The male teacher bitterly nodded and began to organize the exam papers with the other two teachers.

At this time, the dripping Li Mu began to receive tissues from all over the examination hall. Some of them directly tore off a piece of paper and rolled it up in their pockets. With a glance, one could tell that they were boys. There were also those small packets of tissues that were similar to each other.

Li Mu thanked them one by one. With great difficulty, he finally wiped the water off his face and arms. As for the water on his body, it was really too much for the tissues to hold, so he simply let it go.

While waiting for the exam papers, Li Mu looked at his admission ticket. In the photo, there was a smear of black hair on his mouth. It was exactly what he looked like when he was young.

He reached out and touched the potholes on the desk. The feeling from his fingertips was incomparably clear. There were many carvings left behind by others. There were a few rows of words, but in his eyes, they were all upside down.

When he looked down, he realized that the desk had been turned upside down. He couldn't feel the holes in the desk. This was one of the iron rules of preventing students from cheating in exams.

Li Mu's heart was filled with emotion. This really was the examination hall for the college entrance examination!

The dilapidated two-seater desk, the narrow bench, and the uncomfortable feeling of lying down and sitting down were things that he hadn't felt for more than ten years. But when he returned in an instant, it was so familiar.

In his previous life, as a science student, Li Mu was good at mathematics, physics, and biology. Influenced by his literary-loving father, Li Mu's Chinese had always been at the forefront, but his English had always been a bit behind.

Under normal circumstances, if he performed well, he could get a score of just over 100 on a paper that was supposed to be 150 points. But even if English was a little biased, he could get more than 560 points in every mock exam. If it wasn't for the car accident, he would have been able to get into a university.

If his English had only been 10 to 15 points higher, he definitely wouldn't have slipped if he applied for a university in Nansu Province. If he had scored 120 points in English, he would have been able to get into a key university.

In his previous life, after getting into a second-tier university, Li Mu chose to major in computer science. After entering university, he started to learn programming, and only then did he realize the importance of English. All computer languages were written in English, and at the beginning of the 21st century, many of the big software from overseas had not yet been translated into Chinese. Without good English, it was almost impossible to use it.

From then on, Li Mu began to cram in English. Not only did he pass CET 6 in university, but he also continued to study English on his own after graduation.

In Li Mu's memory, it had been a whole 15 years since the college entrance examination. He had long forgotten most of the high school Chinese texts, poems, and even classical Chinese. Those complicated mathematical formulas were also completely forgotten. He also couldn't remember the contents of the comprehensive science paper. If he were to retake the exams after his rebirth, he would be thankful if he could score 150 points in these three subjects.

Fortunately, the heavens were taking good care of him. Although the timing of his rebirth was a little tragic, it could be said to be just right for him on the path of his life.

English was the last subject of the college entrance examination. Chinese, mathematics, and comprehensive science had all been tested!

Li Mu immediately calculated in his mind. Subtracting 49 points from his total score from the English exam, it meant that he had scored 486 points in these three subjects.

Now that he had 486 points in his account, as long as he passed the English exam, he could choose any university in the country.

At this time, the English exam papers were handed out. The female invigilator reminded everyone that the listening test would officially start in three minutes.

Li Mu put aside the random thoughts in his head and quickly scanned the entire English exam paper.

He had long forgotten what he had taken the English exam, but now, after a quick glance, he immediately had an idea of what he was going to learn.