Chapter 741

The development of China's e-commerce industry had gone through many experts, many platforms, and many years of exploration. The entire industry was filled with countless companies, and the three most representative platforms were Taobao, Tmall, and Jingdong.

Tao Bao was a pure C2C platform, a third-party trading platform for small and medium-sized sellers and consumers. Tmall was a C2C platform in the guise of B2C. To put it bluntly, it was still a third-party trading platform for consumers and sellers, but the threshold for merchants was higher. JD.com was a typical representative of B2C. It could purchase, store, sell, and deliver on its own. It could achieve a high degree of autonomy and control over its operations.

In Li Mu's eyes, the development of Tao Bao in his previous life was a little abnormal. During the initial capital accumulation stage, Li Mu did not agree with the unscrupulous and unscrupulous approach. For example, the most criticized problem of fake goods.

In Tao Bao's existence for so many years, the problem of fake goods was like a stubborn psoriasis. It could only be covered by bright clothes, but it had never been truly cured.

Li Mu felt that it was Tao Bao's own connivance with fake goods and merchants that led to the proliferation of fake goods from the manufacturing to the sales chain and the gradual loss of control. As a result, fake goods became a cancer that plagued the national retail industry.

Subsequently, Tao Bao Mall, or Tmall, was born. In a sense, from the moment it was born, it carried the blame of Tao Bao to restore its reputation. Because Tmall raised the threshold for merchants to enter, Ah Li could "proudly" promote the concept that Tmall was equivalent to the genuine goods.

But in Li Mu's eyes, this was simply a despicable way to divert attention. Ah Li did not really attack the Li ghosts on Tao Bao. Instead, he pulled Li Kui to Tmall, pointed at Li Kui and said, "Look, we only sell genuine goods here."

But what was the point?

Under the surface of light, there were always countless Li ghosts.

In his previous life, the reason why Tao Bao allowed fake goods to flourish was partly because they could not attract the attention of brand merchants in the early years of their business.

Without genuine goods, they wanted to expand the variety of products on the platform and increase the trading volume on the platform. Thus, they abandoned their principles and chose profits.

For example, in the five to seven years after Tao Bao was founded in 2003, it was estimated that more than 95% of the Nike shoes sold on Tao Bao's website were fake. If they could attract the Nike brand when Tao Bao was founded in 2003, with the real Li Kui, the sales of fake Nike would definitely be greatly affected. Moreover, with the real Nike, Tao Bao already had Nike products. Therefore, in order to protect themselves and their partners, they would definitely crack down on fake Nike.

But the fact was, because there was no real Nike joining, and users had a demand for Nike, the fake manufacturers and sellers sensed the opportunity and worked together to move the fake Nike to Tao Bao for sale. Tao Bao's platform itself also needed Nike products to expand its product library. Since Nike was blank at this time, and the real Li Kui couldn't be invited, the fake Nike came. Everyone took what they needed and had a tacit understanding. Who was the unlucky one?

Of course, it was the consumers who had no way to protect their rights.

Li Mu wanted to be an Internet person with a basic sense of social responsibility, so his Taobao wanted to kill this vicious cycle from the root. He invested a lot of resources to promote Brand Day, so that Taobao could attract the attention of brand companies as soon as it was launched.

Li Mu didn't want his Taobao to start step by step. He wanted to use Brand Day to push Taobao to a height that attracted the attention of the world at the beginning, so that all the companies and brands that wanted to make money in the Hua Xia retail market would surrender in front of Taobao's strong online sales ability.

Brand Day's 2.683 billion sales would probably become big news that would shock the whole country by tomorrow morning. All kinds of brands would probably fight to cooperate with a large number of brand companies. There was no need to worry about the genuine products at all. The more genuine products, the more complete they were, the less room for the fake products to survive.

…

After analyzing the data, Li Mu called Liu Xiaodong at one o 'clock in the morning and told him his general analysis results. At the same time, he reminded him, "Liu Shixiong, Brand Day is so successful. It will definitely attract a lot of brands to cooperate with us later. In view of the current situation of our platform, we must let the business staff work hard to open up the daily necessities market!

After we have consumed most of the logistics needs of the Brand Day, the platform will formulate corresponding preferential policies for some of the joining daily necessities brands. While supporting them, we will also ask them to give up some profits. At that time, we will plan some promotional activities to stimulate the enthusiasm of users for daily necessities online. We will cultivate users' online shopping habits bit by bit and increase the frequency of their online shopping. "

Liu Xiaodong immediately said, "You can rest assured about this. I have also considered the importance of daily necessities in cultivating the habits of users, so I have specially asked the headhunter to talk to the middle and senior management of a large daily necessities company. I am going to poach a group of them to fully boost the sales of our daily necessities."

Li Mu was happy in his heart. Since he started Taobao, he had been leading the pace. Now Liu Shixiong had accumulated enough, and was finally going to explode?

So Li Mu asked him, "Which daily necessities companies have we contacted so far?"

Liu Xiaodong said, "In the future, I want to set up several separate departments in Taobao according to the categories of goods, such as the electronics department, the office supplies department, the clothing department, and the daily necessities department. Among them, the daily necessities department needs to be subdivided the most, so I expect that there will be several groups under this department, such as: daily necessities group, food and beverage group, grain, oil and seasoning group, daily necessities group, maternal and child supplies group, and so on."

After introducing his plan, Liu Xiaodong answered Li Mu's question just now, "So you just asked me which companies' talents I have contacted. The specific situation is: I have asked the headhunter to contact suitable people from the three established daily necessities companies, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, and Johnson & Johnson. Because they have a very deep understanding of the domestic daily necessities industry, the market, and the needs of users, I plan to poach someone from these companies to be the manager of our daily necessities group."

"Out of the same consideration, the other group management positions are targeted at companies like Kerry Cereals and Oils, Heng An Group, Wang Wang Group, Master Kong, and Coca-Cola. Each company will strive to poach a reliable person to be one of our management positions. In this way, in the future, we will have a team that understands the daily needs of domestic consumers the best, and with them, it will be easier to maintain brand relations."

After listening, Li Mu couldn't help but praise, "This is a great idea. There is analysis, goals, implementation plan, and conversion thinking. It's very complete. We will do as you say!

We must develop the category as perfect as possible and cultivate the online shopping habits of the users. As long as the turnover of the platform continues to increase, coupled with our own logistics system, we can directly start our own business! "

"Don't worry!" Liu Xiaodong said firmly, "I will definitely not let you down!"

As he spoke, Li Mu said, "I will go back tomorrow, and we will have another meeting to regulate the introduction of merchants. Tomorrow morning, you will send out a press release on behalf of Taobao officials to invite all enterprises and merchants to open flagship stores in Taobao. The conditions for entry will not change, but you must state one thing: Taobao has a complete set of internal calculations. The earlier a merchant enters Taobao, the higher their authority, and the higher the authority, the more resources they will be able to get. Tomorrow, we will definitely receive a large number of applications from merchants. You must make sure that our vetting staff checks carefully, and do not let in any unqualified enterprises."

"Also, Taobao's brand data is so high, I'm afraid it will attract a large number of small and medium sellers in the future. In principle, we welcome all small and medium sellers to enter, but we must strictly control the products of these small and medium sellers. On our own platform, we must resolutely crack down on fake and shoddy products."

Liu Xiaodong immediately said, "I have never slacked off in the area of fake and shoddy products. I will not let Taobao become a soil for fake goods!"

"Good."

Li Mu was satisfied, and asked him again, "More than 10 million orders, can our logistics and transportation be guaranteed?"

Liu Xiaodong said, "Don't worry. Since yesterday at midnight, more than 20 of our vehicles have been repeatedly transporting orders to the distribution centers of the provinces. After receiving our parcels, the postal EMS of each province immediately began the local delivery work. Now, the postal service is giving us priority in sorting, transportation, and distribution. Basically, most of the personnel and vehicles are gathered together to serve us!"

As he said that, Liu Xiaodong said, "As of an hour ago, we have delivered more than 8 million parcels to the postal EMS of all provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government. Among them, the orders from the provinces of Yanjing, Shanghai, Yangcheng, Chuandu, Hanzhong, and Liaoshen have been directly delivered by the local EMS. In the next 48 hours, the entire delivery work will definitely be completed, and the delivery work will be completed within 24 hours after the delivery."

The point-to-point transportation strategy formulated by Li Mu was very targeted. No matter how many orders there were, he deduced from the results that all these orders would eventually go to the major provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, especially the provinces and cities in East and South China. Therefore, he let his fleet focus on doing point-to-point transportation from the major storage bases to a certain province.

Under this general principle, the transportation of the provinces and cities where the six major storage bases were located was completely handled by the local EMS, almost treating the EMS as their own logistics.

For example, there were more than 1 million parcels in Yanjing that didn't need to be transported by Taobao itself. Every time a batch was sorted out, it would be directly delivered by the local EMS in Yanjing. There were more than 2 million parcels in Shanghai, and after being sorted out by Taobao's warehouse in Shanghai, it would also be directly delivered by the local EMS for delivery. More than 2 million parcels in Guangdong Province, after being sorted out by the warehouse in Yangcheng, were also directly delivered to the Yangcheng distribution center of Guangdong Province for direct delivery. This kind of delivery did not take up Taobao's own transportation capacity.

On the other hand, Taobao's own efforts were all focused on the other provinces covered by the storage bases. For example, there were close to 1 million parcels in Zhe Province near Shanghai. These 1 million parcels were continuously transported by Taobao's own fleet from Shanghai to Hangzhou, and then handed over to the postal EMS in Zhe Province.

Taobao's public relations team had spent a lot of manpower, material, and financial resources on maintaining the position of the various postal leaders. At this time, it was completely effective. The EMS almost threw all other business to the back of their minds. In these two to three days, more than 90% of the transportation capacity was provided to Taobao. Everyone was like an assembly line, efficiently completing their own tasks. The overall coordination was fast and seamless, and the turnover rate was astonishing.