Chapter 241

Chen Yan's casual remark rendered Lin Ching-ah speechless.

She knew almost everything about Chen Yan and Huang Xiaolong. Most of it was from Chen Yan's drunken complaints after Huang Xiaolong and Chen Yan broke up.

Chen Yan came from an industrial city in the north. Her parents worked for state-owned enterprises. Although her family wasn't very well-off, they were still relatively well-to-do. Therefore, Chen Yan didn't have to worry about food or clothing during her university years. Huang Xiaolong, on the other hand, came from an average family. He was a handsome boy from the countryside who pursued Chen Yan for a year. Chen Yan was moved by his perseverance and talent, and they started dating in their sophomore year. It was said that Chen Yan gave Huang Xiaolong her first time at a 30-yuan per night motel outside the university.

Chen Yan didn't care if Huang Xiaolong was poor. She felt that Huang Xiaolong had an indomitable will. With such a strong will, coupled with his hard work and talent, Chen Yan firmly believed that he would succeed.

During his four years in university, Chen Yan basically took care of Huang Xiaolong's life. More than half of Chen Yan's living expenses were used to subsidize Huang Xiaolong. She even spent most of her energy on him. In her senior year, Chen Yan barely managed to obtain a degree and graduated safely. However, Huang Xiaolong was admitted to Tsinghua University as a postgraduate in economics. Because he was an academic postgraduate, he had to study for three years.

In order to help Huang Xiaolong finish his postgraduate studies, Chen Yan went to work as soon as she graduated. She was lucky enough to enter Nokia and forced herself to become a strong woman. She even rented a house in front of Tsinghua University so that she could spend more time with Huang Xiaolong and take care of his studies.

Huang Xiaolong had always said that Chen Yan was the best gift God had given him. He even said that he would marry Chen Yan as soon as he graduated. However, Chen Yan would never have imagined that in the last year of his graduate studies, he would get together with a prostitute's daughter behind her back. The other party was just like Chen Yan back then. She admired his talent and was even willing to pay for the two of them to further their studies in the United States. Huang Xiaolong went behind Chen Yan's back and got married to the girl in her hometown. After that, he immediately returned to Beijing to break up with her and went to the United States with the girl.

Chen Yan dedicated the most precious years of her life to Huang Xiaolong. She even had two miscarriages because of him, but in the end, she still couldn't win his heart. The first two months after the breakup were the most painful period of Chen Yan's life. During that time, Lin Ching-ah would accompany her whenever she had time. While comforting her, Lin Ching-ah once thought that if she were in Chen Yan's shoes, she would probably want to die.

When she thought about her legitimate love experience, Lin Ching-ah couldn't help but shiver. She couldn't figure out how a man could be so heartless. Now that she thought about it, coupled with Chen Yan's words, "Could it be that sex can only happen between a man and a woman?", Lin Ching-ah's beliefs were shaken a little. Perhaps what Chen Yan said made some sense.

At the mention of her old wounds, Chen Yan felt as if a turbid air was stuck in her chest. She shook her head and said to Lin Ching-ah, "You, don't be as silly as I was back then. Don't be as casual as I am now. When you find a boyfriend in the future, you must keep your eyes open. Sometimes, a scumbag in love is more hurtful than a rapist."

Lin Ching-ah began to understand Chen Yan. She nodded lightly and said with a tinge of guilt, "I'm sorry, Yan 'er. I shouldn't have meddled in your life."

Chen Yan took a deep breath and sat down next to Lin Ching-ah. She asked her in a carefree manner, "Tell me, what's wrong with you today?

Didn't you say you were in a bad mood over the phone? "

Lin Ching-ah tilted her head and smiled bitterly. "Today, a girl called me an old woman in front of my boss. I'm only 25 years old. Am I really old?"

Chen Yan pretended to be angry. "Where did this little girl come from? Why does she have such a big mouth?"

"I don't know her. I think she's a friend of the boss."

"Damn, why did your boss's friend pick on you?"

Lin Qingya then recounted the events that had transpired at the restaurant.

After listening to her, Chen Yan shook her head helplessly. "It seems like your boss has a conflict with her. You're just an innocent bystander."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Even if I'm an innocent bystander, you can't say that I'm an old woman, right?

I think that girl is in her early twenties. She's not much younger than me!

How dare she call me an old woman! "

Chen Yan looked Lin Ching-ah up and down and said, "That woman's words are infuriating, but it's not that I want to criticize you, but the way you dress every day really makes you look too mature. Don't you look like you're older when you go out in professional attire?

You're also a natural beauty. Why don't you dress yourself up younger and prettier? "

Lin Ching-ah snorted unhappily. "Do you think I want to?

You know how perverted Japanese companies are when it comes to their employees' attire. It's fine for women to wear work attire all year round, but men have to wear suits, shirts, ties, and leather shoes in summer. They can't take off their clothes no matter how hot it is. I thought it was perverted at first, but I got used to it before I knew it. Other than these clothes, I'm wearing sportswear for going to the supermarket, jogging, and the gym after work. You can't expect me to wear sportswear to work, can you? "

Chen Yan glared at her and said with a hint of disdain, "Don't you know that between casual and professional attire, there's another kind of clothing called fashion?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "I haven't gone shopping for a while."

Chen Yan sighed. "Fine. Since we have nothing to do now, I'll go shopping with you."

"We'll talk about it later," Lin Ching-ah said. "I'm still upset. How can I be in the mood to go shopping?"

"What are you upset about?

Just because a stranger called you an old woman?

It's not a big deal. Besides, didn't your boss avenge you on the spot?

What else do you want? "

Lin Qingya suddenly felt her heart throbbing violently in her chest. She stammered, "I'm just a little annoyed. Let's just have a casual chat."

Chen Yan nodded and said with a smile, "Go ahead. Tell me, have you been thinking of love lately?"

"No," Lin Ching-ah answered decisively.

Chen Yan asked, "Has Gao Dongliang been looking for you lately?"

Lin Ching-ah frowned. "He's annoying me to death. He's been changing his routine lately. He heard that our company is doing well, so he keeps asking if we're hiring. He wants to come over."

"He has ulterior motives," Chen Yan said with a smile.

"He's been courting you for so long. He's probably old enough to give it a shot, isn't he?"

Lin Ching-ah shook her head. "He really wants to come to our company this time."

Chen Yan said, "I don't believe you. His job is so good. He's making one hundred and fifty to sixty thousand a year. He's the best of the best."

Lin Ching-ah said, "His company pays well, but newcomers don't have a chance to make a name for themselves. He's been working hard for years, but other than a few general transfers, he hasn't been promoted at all."

Chen Yan said, "He wouldn't go to your company under normal circumstances. I'm sure he's still thinking about you."

Lin Ching-ah said, "Don't look down on our company. Gao Dongliang said that if I can help him get the same treatment as me, he'll treat me like his own sister from now on. He won't have any improper thoughts about me."

Chen Yan was so shocked that she couldn't close her mouth. "Huh?

What's going on? "

Lin Ching-ah shrugged. "I can only say that our company is too attractive."

Chen Yan caught the message in Lin Ching-ah's words and asked her, "You're making a lot of money now, right?"

"Seven thousand …"

"What? Are you out of your mind?

You made around ten thousand when you were at Softbank, right? "

"Nine thousand …"

Chen Yan felt like her brain was running out of steam. "I haven't seen you for a while. Did your brain get kicked by a donkey?

You gave up a nine thousand a month job at a Japanese company to go to a start-up company with a seven thousand a month salary? "

"Yeah …"

"And Gao Dongliang was willing to give up a hundred and fifty to sixty thousand a year to go to your company for the same salary as you?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "Gao Dongliang was mainly interested in our company's one percent option."

"One percent option?" Chen Yan frowned and asked her, "You have one percent option in your company?"

"Yeah …"

"What's your company's valuation?"

"Series A's valuation is fifty million, led by Baidu."

"What about now?

How much can you estimate now? "

"About two to three hundred million."

"Then you're a millionaire now!"

Chen Yan felt like she couldn't think anymore. This bestie in front of her had switched to a smaller company, and now she was worth two to three million?

Lin Ching-ah explained, "Although there's a one percent option, it'll take a few years to cash it out. All companies have similar restrictions on their employees' options."

Chen Yan asked again, "How did Gao Dongliang know about you?"

Lin Ching-ah said, "He knows my brother, and my brother told him. He didn't think much of it at first, but after learning about our company's situation, he was tempted."

Chen Yan nodded and sighed. "You're worth more than a million in such a short time. Your company is growing like a rocket, right?

It's reasonable that Gao Dongliang is tempted. What do you think?

Are you going to help him? "

Lin Ching-ah said, "I can't help him. He's in business and public relations, and our company doesn't have a need for him at the moment."

Chen Yan smiled. "I think Gao Dongliang was shocked. He always thought he was superior to you. I didn't expect you to be worth a million all of a sudden."

Lin Ching-ah smiled awkwardly. "I'm just lucky. One of my juniors introduced me to this job. I didn't expect the company to develop so quickly."

Chen Yan asked, "How old is your boss?"

"In his twenties."

Lin Ching-ah didn't dare to say that Li Mu wasn't even twenty yet, so she gave a general answer. But even this general answer amazed Chen Yan.

"So young. Are you serious …"

"Why would I lie to you?"

"Do you have a girlfriend?"