Chapter 637

Li Mu and Dong Ai were sitting in a Benz S-Class sedan. The fleet of cars was neatly moving towards the airport.

Dong Ai rarely had the chance to grab hold of Li Mu. There were a lot of things she wanted to report to him about 3321 or listen to his comments and suggestions. However, she didn't know if Li Mu didn't care about 3321 at all or if he trusted Dong Ai a hundred percent. With her in charge of 3321, Li Mu basically didn't care about it anymore.

In the car, Dong Ai had grabbed hold of Li Mu and told him a bunch of things about 3321. However, Li Mu's attitude was basically the same. He would listen first, then listen silently. After listening to the questions, he would ask Dong Ai what her thoughts were. When Dong Ai expressed her thoughts, Li Mu only gave her six words, "I trust you."

In short, he looked like a boss who didn't have to do anything. This made Dong Ai extremely angry and helpless.

In fact, Li Mu felt a little guilty towards Dong Ai. When Dong Ai looked for him and wanted to participate in 3321, she definitely didn't expect that he would throw the entire 3321 on her shoulders. During this period of time, the various matters of 3321 must have caused Dong Ai a lot of trouble. But then again, Dong Ai also got a lot of things from 3321 that she couldn't get anywhere else. First was her reputation. She was the person in charge of 3321 Tutoring Network and the CEO of 3321 Bursary Foundation. Her benefits from 3321 were second only to Li Mu's.

Dong Ai knew this very well. Although there were times when she would complain about Li Mu being a hands-off boss, most of the time she was very grateful that he had given her this opportunity. To Li Mu, 3321 was his flag. If it was someone else, she would definitely hire a very professional manager to manage 3321 and make it bigger and stronger. However, Li Mu trusted her unconditionally. At the end of the day, this was also a kind of favor that he had done for her.

Seeing that Li Mu didn't give any substantive opinions, Dong Ai didn't waste her breath and changed the topic to chat with Li Mu. She said, "We arranged for Zhang Guorong to participate in a few of the bursary activities in Yun and Gui provinces. Although they are all remote mountainous areas, the environment is very good. Do you want to go and relax?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I don't have the time. There are so many things in Yan Jing that haven't been solved yet. At this time, I can't go anywhere."

Dong Ai curled her lips and said, "How much money do you need to make?

If I had one-tenth of your net worth now, I would retire immediately and stop my graduate studies. "

Li Mu deliberately sighed: "The ancients said well, how can the swallow and sparrow know the ambition of the swan."

Dong Ai gave Li Mu a white look and said, "If you are willing to let Xiangnan Satellite TV get involved, I can ask Xiao Wan to come with me."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Don't bother her. She's not much easier than you recently. Mo Wenwei's program is just squeezing time to work overtime to record. If you give her this trouble again, she will hate you even if I don't hate you."

Dong Ai said, "I haven't seen her for a long time, and I haven't contacted her. How is she recently?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "She's very good. Haven't you seen" Happy Camp "?"

Dong Ai said, "That's not what I'm asking. How can I not know that" Happy Camp "is popular all over the country? I'm asking her herself. How is she doing? Have you seen her recently?"

Li Mu nodded: "I saw her a few days ago."

Dong Ai deliberately asked Li Mu, "She's so popular now, is there a lot of people after her?"

Li Mu was stunned and said, "I really don't know about that. She didn't tell me."

Dong Ai sighed softly: "I don't have time to get together with her. If I'm busy with Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang's participation in the student aid activities, I'll take time to go to Xiangdu to see her."

Li Mu said, "I'm going there in a while."

Dong Ai asked him with a face full of gossip: "You're going to see her too?"

Li Mu said, "Actually, there's a collaboration that I want to discuss with the station's leader, but I haven't had time to write the proposal yet. I have to take some time to write it out."

Dong Ai nodded in realization. Li Mu thought of something and said, "Mei Yanfang might not be participating for long. I think she will return to Hong Kong after two or three activities. This time, you will be going to some remote areas with tough conditions. You have to make sure that her life and health are all right. After you come out, quickly arrange for her to go to a big hospital for a full body checkup. Not only her, but also Zhang Guorong, their manager, you and our 3321 team members. Health is the capital of revolution. You have to pay attention to this matter."

After all, what Li Mu said was very reasonable. The food and accommodation in remote areas were not good, and it was easy to cause health problems such as acclimatization. It was best to pay attention in advance, so Dong Ai didn't think too much about it. She nodded and agreed.

At that moment, in a Toyota Costelli at the back of the motorcade, a few employees with laptops were using GPRS to send back text and pictures. Lu Xinyi was fully in charge of this activity, so she had already asked everyone to prepare a few pre-release articles. Some of these articles had already been used for pre-release on YY, while others were waiting to be released at 11 o'clock. At the same time, they were now preparing the first real-time news article, which was the news of the motorcade heading to the airport to receive them.

Before the motorcade set off, the photographer had already taken a lot of close-up shots of the motorcade and some of the staff members. Now, after Lu Xinyi personally screened them one by one, she chose eight pictures and asked them to send all these pictures back to the company's on-duty editorial team.

The pictures were sent through several computers, and it took a total of less than ten minutes. The efficiency was relatively high. After the pictures were sent, Lu Xinyi specially called the editorial team leader who stayed in the company and reminded her, "Remember, you have to follow Li Zong's instructions and arrange all the text and pictures on one page. Don't use the pattern of one picture per page anymore."

Nowadays, web portals placed more emphasis on data than on users. For example, when eight pictures were used to make a manuscript, almost all the websites would choose to upload the eight pictures in eight pages. This meant that the readers would open the first picture by default, and if they wanted to see the second picture, they would have to click "next page" again. The reason for doing this was to increase the website's PV, which was also the number of page views.

Take these eight pictures as an example. If they were placed on one page, and the users browsed through them like a waterfall, they would add one PV to the website. However, if they were placed on eight pages, and the users browsed through them page by page, they would add eight PV to the website. A news article would have an eight-fold difference. If all photo news articles were done this way, the increase in PV would be massive. The higher the PV, the more advertising revenue. It was this huge difference in data that made them ignore the user experience and choose this crazy method. Not only now, but even in the very free Site C more than a decade later, this method would still be used.

Li Mu was very disgusted with this method that seriously harmed the user experience. Even though he had a lot of requirements for the web portals, he had never given them any revenue targets. In other words, he was not prepared to do any form of commercial advertising on YY portal, and he did not need to pay attention to fake PV data. The only thing he needed to focus on was the user experience. After all, to Li Mu, the biggest philosophy was that the user came first.