Chapter 1006

The heated discussion about Li Mu in the media and public opinion did not cool down. Instead, it continued to heat up.

There were more and more comments and reports about Li Mu's sense of national mission on the Internet. Almost all of them were absolutely positive, which suddenly branded the words "sense of national mission" in the hearts of every Hua Xia people.

For the people, Li Mu's remarks excited them, moved them, and also made them admire him. To use the popular words on the Internet to describe it, Li Mu's speech this time was really heartfelt, and it was really heart-wrenching for the people.

Just as the comments were constantly fermenting, in the evening, in a small restaurant loved by gluttons by West Lake, Xie Yun had a small gathering with several high school classmates. Eight women crowded in a small private room that could only seat six people. Although it was a little crowded, it was particularly lively.

The protagonist of today's gathering was a middle-aged woman about the same age as Xie Yun. She was in her early forties, with capable short hair and a pair of glasses. She was born to be the head teacher of a senior high school.

The woman's name was Chen Yuyan. The name was very feminine and had a Jiangnan flavor, which was slightly inconsistent with her temperament.

Chen Yuyan was a "mixed-blood" of Yan Jing and Hangzhou. Her father was from Yan Jing, and her mother was from Hangzhou. She grew up in Yan Jing, but when she graduated from junior high school, her family moved to Hangzhou for a few years for some special reasons, and then she became a classmate with Xie Yun.

Chen Yuyan was directly admitted to Zhejiang University after the college entrance examination and happened to become a student of Xie Yun's father. After graduation, because her parents returned to Yan Jing to settle down, she relied on the National People's Congress as a postgraduate. After graduating from the National People's Congress, she stayed in school through her family's connections. Now she was one of the three deputy directors of the Academic Affairs Office in the National People's Congress.

Chen Yuyan was usually very busy with her work and had not been to Hangzhou for several years. Her relationship with Xie Yun and other old classmates in Hangzhou had become more and more estranged. The reason why she came to Hangzhou this time was that a cousin of hers in Hangzhou got married for the second time. She specially came from Yan Jing to attend the wedding, so she wanted to make arrangements with her classmates who were good friends in the past and get together.

At the dinner table, everyone recalled the past while eating. Although Chen Yuyan hadn't been back to Hangzhou City for many years and their relationship had long been estranged, when they talked about the common memories of high school, they soon became close and chatted happily.

During the chat, Chen Yuyan praised Xie Yun and said, "Xie Yun was the campus belle of our school in the past. I didn't expect her to still be so beautiful and feminine now. She's much better than a fake tomboy like me. My husband calls me a tomboy all the time. I'm so angry that I almost divorced him several times."

Xie Yun laughed and said, "Don't be sarcastic to me. I was so unsophisticated at that time. How could I be considered a campus belle?"

Chen Yuyan smiled and said, "Aren't you being modest?

If you're not the campus belle, who is?

There were so many male classmates who asked me to give you love letters in those days! "

A female classmate said with a smile, "I can testify that Xie Yun received a lot of love letters in those days. We all teased her that the love letters she received every day could be sold as waste paper for a day's meal."

Chen Yuyan said, "If not, it must be Xie Yun. Not only is she beautiful, but she also has good taste. Look at her husband. He was poor at that time, but no one expected him to become a billionaire. Look at my husband. If he hadn't had some foundation in the public security system, I wouldn't have followed him. As a result, until now, he's just an idle job. He can't be promoted no matter what. He can't even be the director of a police station."

Everyone laughed, and then the topic turned to their children. Chen Yuyan said, "My son is not very good. His academic performance is average. He got 500 points in the college entrance examination the year before last. I didn't let him be too far away from me, so I let him study in Yanjing, but he didn't want to go to the National People's Congress. He said that he was afraid that I would control him. In the end, we compromised and he went to Yanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics."

As she spoke, Chen Yuyan asked about other people's children one by one. When she asked about Xie Yun, she said, "Xie Yun, I heard that your daughter is very beautiful. Has she gone to college?"

Before Xie Yun could speak, other people at the table said, "Yuyan, you don't know, Xie Yun's daughter, Ziqiu, is very beautiful. Oh my god, she is even more beautiful than Xie Yun when she was young!"

"Really?" Chen Yuyan said with a smile, "That's good. Our Xie Yun's good genes are not wasted."

Xie Yun smiled and said, "My daughter also goes to school in Yanjing, at Yanjing University. She just went there last year, and now she is only a sophomore."

As soon as Chen Yuyan heard this, Yanjing immediately smiled into a crescent shape. She said happily, "Your daughter also goes to school in Yanjing?

That's such a coincidence. If I have the chance, I think I can introduce her to my son. Young people have a lot of common topics to talk about. In the future, they will often come to our house, which is equivalent to having another home in Yanjing! "

At this time, a classmate teased, "I say, Yuyan, I think you have an ulterior motive!

You are simply finding a girlfriend for your son, and you have found such a good partner. "

Chen Yuyan said with a smile, "We don't dare to worry about the children's affairs. I just think that the two children are about the same age, so it's good to get to know each other. My son is too familiar with Yanjing. Maybe he can help Xie Yun's daughter in many ways in the future."

At this time, Xie Yun said half-jokingly and half-seriously, "Our Ziqiu has already found a partner last year."

When Chen Yuyan heard this, she was stunned. After a moment, she blurted out, "I say, Xie Yun, aren't you too open-minded?

How old is your daughter? She already has a partner?

You don't care about it? "

Xie Yun smiled slightly and said, "Didn't you just say that we shouldn't worry about the children's affairs?"

Chen Yuyan knew that her words were a little embarrassing, but she still said seriously, "I'm just saying. Even if we don't dare to say that we don't care about the children, can we?"

After that, Chen Yuyan added, "To be honest, I'm still worried about my son's relationship. Your daughter is so far away from you. You still have to pay attention to this kind of thing."

Xie Yun was already a little unhappy in her heart, but she still maintained a polite smile and said, "I definitely attach great importance to the children's finding a partner. I have also seen the partner she has found. Both her father and I are very satisfied, so we let the children develop on their own."

Chen Yuyan still said sourly, "The children are still young. No matter how satisfied they are, they have to be cautious..."

Xie Yun deliberately asked her, "Yuyan, you seem to have a daughter, don't you?"

Chen Yuyan nodded. "My daughter has just entered the third year of high school this year. She will take the college entrance examination next year."

Xie Yun asked her, "If your daughter goes to college, do you object to her falling in love?"

"Of course, I object!"

Chen Yuyan said without thinking, "I'm going to wait for her to go to college and make an agreement with her. Before graduating from college, she is absolutely not allowed to fall in love."

Xie Yun said with a smile, "This requirement is a little too strict."

Chen Yuyan waved her hand and said with a serious face, "you don't know how open children are now, and boys are now one by one. That heart is bad, let me tell you!"

Xie Yun asked her again, "What if it is a very excellent boy?

Do you object? "

Chen Yuyan said with a smile, "Excellent?

It depends on how excellent he is. Ordinary excellence is not good. "

At this time, Xie Yun deliberately asked her, "Oh, by the way, Yuyan, Li Mu in your school is a talent. I saw him on the hot news again today. If your daughter finds such a partner in college in the future, will you object?"

Chen Yuyan narrowed her eyes and said with a smile, "Li Mu is more than a talent. He is simply a genius!

If my daughter really finds a man like Li Mu in the future, why should I object?

Unless my head is kicked by a donkey!

It is good to meet a young man like Li Mu in 800 years. If a girl finds a son-in-law like him, it is really a pity. "

When Xie Yun heard what Chen Yuyan said, she was half unhappy and half happy. She was unhappy because what Chen Yuyan said was too exaggerated. How could it be a pity?

My Ziqiu and Li Mu are a perfect match. As for the happiness, it is very simple. Not only Chen Yuyan's affirmation of Li Mu, but also Chen Yuyan has been set up by her. If she tells her that her daughter's boyfriend is Li Mu, won't her remarks just now be a slap in the face?

When Xie Yun was thinking about it, Chen Yuyan suddenly sighed and said, "Unfortunately, Li Mu already has a girlfriend."

Xie Yun was puzzled. Do you know about him and my daughter?

Or do you only know that Li Mu has a girlfriend, but you don't know who his girlfriend is?

Therefore, Xie Yun deliberately asked Chen Yuyan, "Yuyan, do you know who Li Mu's girlfriend is?"

"I know."

Chen Yuyan said casually and lightly, "His girlfriend's name is Su Yingxue. She is also a student of the National People's Congress. They are from the same hometown. It is said that they are childhood sweethearts in high school."

Chen Yuyan's words made Xie Yun's brain buzz, as if she had been struck by lightning. Her scalp was numb in an instant. For a moment, she thought she was dreaming.

At this time, she heard Chen Yuyan say, "Su Yingxue is really lucky. When Li Mu confessed to her, it was in front of tens of thousands of teachers and students of the National People's Congress. In the words of young people today, it is too romantic."

Several other old classmates at the table were surprised and asked, "Ah?

Li Mu has a girlfriend? "

Chen Yuyan nodded. "It's true. When Li Mu confessed to her, I was there. I saw it with my own eyes."

At this time, Xie Yun's heart was already full of anger. She suppressed the emotions in her heart and said to the other seven people, "I'm sorry. I suddenly remembered that I have something to do tonight. I'll leave first today. Another day, I'll treat and apologize to you!"

Others still wanted to keep her, but Xie Yun couldn't sit still. After a few perfunctory words, she came out of the restaurant. The first thing she did was to call Zhao Ziqiu immediately...

...