Chapter 1555

Li Mu did a search on the Internet and found that most of the future superstars in the football field were now cheap as cabbages, which made him feel as if he had discovered a new continent.

Interestingly, Li Mu also found information about Neymar on the Internet. Neymar, who had just turned 11 this year, had actually joined the Santos Club in Brazil and became a member of the Santos Youth Team. Although he only appeared once in an article about the Youth Team on the Santos Club's official website and did not even have a photo, Li Mu was certain that Neymar, who had just joined the Santos Youth Team, was the future Brazilian genius.

For a young genius like this, it would be better to let him hone his skills in Santos and wait for another three to five years before he could sign a contract.

Li Mu also knew that he did not have enough energy. If he were to really manage the club, he was afraid that it would be like picking up sesame seeds while losing watermelons. Therefore, he only prepared to do two things for the club. One was to invest, and the other was to select players. As for the rest, he could only leave it to the professional managers to manage.

The morning before departing for Manchester, Li Mu came to the restaurant accompanied by Wendy. William had been waiting there for a long time.

Seeing Li Mu come in, he took the initiative to stand up and waved to Li Mu. He smiled and said, "Mr Li, do you want to have breakfast together?"

Li Mu smiled and nodded politely. He sat opposite William.

William smiled and said, "Mr Li, why haven't I seen you participating in any activities these few days?"

Li Mu laughed at himself and said, "I'm not very interested in the activities that everyone is passionate about, so I didn't participate."

William said, "Golf, equestrian, and the like, since Mr Li is not interested in those, why don't you find time to play five-a-side football? Mr Li should like football, right?"

Li Mu said, "I like watching football, but when it comes to playing, I can't even dribble the ball."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "And I have to leave tomorrow, so let's talk about it when there's a chance in the future."

"Tomorrow?" William asked in surprise, "Why so sudden?"

Li Mu said, "I'm going to Manchester tomorrow."

"Go to Manchester?" William was even more puzzled. What was there that was worth Li Mu going to?

Li Mu saw his confusion and did not deliberately hide it. He said, "I asked Davidson for help and bought a Premier League club. I plan to go and take a look tomorrow."

William immediately thought of the news he had just heard. The Goldberg family had bought the Manchester City Football Club. It turned out that they had bought it for Li Mu.

Thinking of the mission given to him by his family a few days ago, William said, "Mr Li, on behalf of the Windsor family, I would like to invite you to Buckingham Palace as a guest. I wonder if you still have time in the UK this time?"

The Windsor family was the British royal family. William, as a member of the royal family, represented the royal family to invite him. In terms of etiquette, it was very grand. However, if Li Mu had not been to the Goldberg manor, he might have been interested in the British royal family and Buckingham Palace. But after coming here, Li Mu realized that the royal family was actually not that strange. Their pursuit of fame and fortune was even more fierce than that of entrepreneurs and capitalists.

For example, since William earned millions of followers on Twitter without doing anything, he regarded Twitter as his home on the Internet.

Not only did William post at least five to ten tweets a day, but the wording of each tweet was very exquisite. It was infinitely close to a formal news release, and most of the content revolved around the British royal family. At a glance, it was obvious that his Twitter had become the online media platform for the entire British royal family.

In the entire British royal family, William was not the only one who had joined Twitter. Most of the prominent members of the Windsor family had opened their own Twitter accounts. Even the Queen had opened a Twitter account in her personal name and updated it every day.

Now, the Windsor family wanted to invite him to Buckingham Palace as a guest. Needless to say, this was a very topical matter. If he agreed, the news of him going to Buckingham Palace would inevitably become a hot topic throughout the UK and even throughout Europe.

It was no exaggeration to say that Li Mu was now a hot topic wherever he went. Naturally, there were countless people who wanted to freeload off him.

Although he was not very interested in the royal family, Li Mu decided to accept William's invitation after careful consideration. He did not accept the invitation to build a good relationship with the royal family, but he hoped to gain the recognition and support of the British people. In this way, he could also accumulate enough fan base for the Manchester City Football Club. Otherwise, with the proud character of the British, it was estimated that after the Manchester City Football Club officially announced that it belonged to him, it would end up similar to Chelsea.

After Chelsea was bought by Abramovich, it had encountered strong boycotts throughout the UK. It was said that at that time, except for Chelsea's own fans, everyone watching Chelsea's games unconsciously became fans of the other team's home team. They wanted to see Chelsea lose. As long as Chelsea lost, they would be happy.

This was not because they had anything against Abramovich, but because they had a huge resistance to foreign capital buying British clubs. Therefore, Li Mu was also worried that once the news of him becoming the owner of the Manchester City team was released, the British fans would boycott Manchester City like they had boycotted Chelsea.

Since the British generally respected their own royal family, then he would more or less be recognized by the British people as a guest of honor of their royal family.

Thinking of this, Li Mu already had a plan in mind. At this time, Anne Hathaway happened to come into the restaurant in a black dress. When she saw Li Mu, she smiled at him. Then she unnaturally tidied her hair behind her ears and gracefully came to Li Mu and William.

Ever since Li Mu realized that the Goldberg family deliberately neglected Anne Hathaway, he paid a lot more attention to Anne Hathaway. Whenever he left his room for any project, Li Mu would take Anne Hathaway with him so that she would not be neglected here. So in recent days, Anne Hathaway basically had three meals a day with Li Mu, which made her mood a lot better.

After Anne Hathaway greeted the two of them, she sat on the left side of Li Mu. Li Mu said to her, "Anne, Prince William wants to invite us to Buckingham Palace. What do you think?"

"Go to Buckingham Palace as a guest?"

Anne Hathaway looked particularly surprised, but after a moment, she returned to normal and said, "But didn't you say you were going to Manchester tomorrow?

Then go straight back to Hua Xia from Manchester. "

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "I definitely have to go to Manchester, but the time can be adjusted slightly."

Anne Hathaway smiled sweetly and blinked. "Anyway, I have to take your plane back, so the specific itinerary is up to you. You can arrange it however you want."

Prince William looked at Li Mu expectantly and asked again, "Mr. Lee, what do you think?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said to William, "Thank you very much for your invitation. If it's possible, can you set the time for tomorrow morning?

That way, I can still get to Manchester tomorrow afternoon. "

William was immediately delighted, but he asked further, "Mr. Lee, is it so urgent?

I wonder if you can postpone your trip to Manchester for a day so that we can entertain you properly. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "You don't have to be so polite. I was originally planning to go directly to Manchester and stay for a day before returning home. If I postpone my trip to Manchester for a day, the whole trip will be postponed. If I go to Buckingham Palace tomorrow morning and rush to Manchester in the afternoon, I can still rush back home that night or the next morning."

William could hear that Li Mu was eager to return home, and he also knew that Li Mu was already giving him a lot of face by taking half a day to go to Buckingham Palace under such a tight schedule. If he insisted, it would seem rude.

So, William said to Li Mu, "Since Mr. Lee is in a hurry to leave, I won't force you. I'll make a call to make the arrangements, and we'll leave together tomorrow morning."

Li Mu nodded and said indifferently, "No problem. I'll also tell Davidson later to set the meeting with the club members in the afternoon."

…

The next morning, Davidson and Prince William's motorcade was ready.

Although today's trip was a little rushed, it was not a detour.

From the Goldberg Manor to Manchester, they happened to pass through London, so they could stop at Buckingham Palace and meet the British royal family, then have lunch together. In the afternoon, they would set off for Manchester.

After a simple breakfast, Li Mu was ready to leave the Goldberg Manor with Anne Hathaway and his entourage.

The entire Goldberg family was there to see them off. After Wendy Goldberg wished Li Mu a safe journey, she smiled and said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, I'll be studying in Hua Xia in September. Please take care of me then."

Li Mu nodded generously and said with a smile, "Please contact me as soon as you arrive in Hua Xia."

After that, Li Mu and Prince William sat together in a bulletproof Jaguar car of the royal family. Li Ziwei and Anne Hathaway shared a Jaguar car of the same model.

When they left the Goldberg Manor, Prince William's motorcade was in front, and Davidson's motorcade was behind. With six police motorcycles clearing the way, more than ten cars quickly drove to Westminster, where Buckingham Palace was located.

On the way, William said to Li Mu very carefully, "Mr. Li, the family hopes to spread the news that you've been invited to Buckingham Palace through the media. What do you think?"

For the entire royal family, Li Mu's visit was a huge hot topic. The royal family naturally hoped to have a large coverage to increase the royal family's exposure and presence. However, the royal family also believed that this had to be approved by Li Mu first. Otherwise, if they acted on their own this time and used Li Mu to increase their exposure, it would basically be impossible for them to have any contact with Li Mu next time.

Li Mu had a very good grasp of the royal family's needs. He knew that the royal family needed exposure, and he also hoped to use the royal family to increase the British people's recognition of him. Naturally, he would not refuse such a mutually beneficial thing.

Therefore, he said to William, "There's no problem with the media coverage, but I'm in a hurry. Please don't arrange any interaction with the reporters."

William was overjoyed when he saw that Li Mu had agreed. He nodded repeatedly and said, "Mr. Li, please rest assured that we will not arrange any interaction with the reporters. We will not even invite any media during your visit to Buckingham Palace. However, our own team of photographers will follow you throughout the whole process, and then provide the rough material to the media. By that time, I'm afraid you'll already be in Manchester."