Chapter 367

Li Mu looked at the time. The flight was a little over three o'clock, and it was not yet two o'clock. The terminal was only a few kilometers away. He calculated that he could squeeze out half an hour, so he nodded and said, "I have to send you to the terminal at 2: 30. Otherwise, it will be troublesome if you miss the flight."

Zhao Ziqiu rubbed the smooth nails of her left hand with the pad of her right hand and said, "That, actually... actually, the flight is at seven o'clock in the morning."

"Seven o'clock?"

Li Mu was stunned. It was only one o'clock in the morning in the cold December. If the flight was at seven o'clock, he would have to send Zhao Ziqiu to the airport at six o'clock. He didn't know how to spend the four to five hours in between. Zhao Ziqiu deliberately lied to him. Li Mu understood her intention very well. She must want to stay with him for a while, which meant that there would be no sleep for the next four to five hours.

In fact, Li Mu also wanted to stay with Zhao Ziqiu for a while. It was not easy for him to meet a beautiful girl who pursued him, and Li Mu also had some special feelings for her. At this time, although he felt a little guilty when he thought of Su Yingxue, he really couldn't refuse Zhao Ziqiu when he looked at her.

However, were the two of them going to stay in the car for such a long time?

Moreover, they were still on the highway. It was not safe to park the car in the emergency lane of the highway.

Seeing that Li Mu didn't speak, Zhao Ziqiu felt very uncertain. She asked him with a little worry, "Are you angry?"

Li Mu hurriedly shook his head. "No, why would I be angry?"

Zhao Ziqiu looked down and stared out of the window. She whispered, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have lied to you. The reason why I told you that the flight was at three o'clock was that I wanted you to stay with me for a while. After all, the vacation is quite long, almost forty days..."

Li Mu saw that she was a little depressed and blamed herself, so he hurriedly said, "You don't need to say sorry, I don't blame you."

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu. "You seemed a little angry just now. Why didn't you say anything?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not talking because I'm thinking about how we should spend our time. There are still a few hours left, and sleeping is definitely not realistic. It's not safe to stay on the highway like this."

When Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu didn't seem to be angry, she immediately felt relieved. She didn't know where she got her courage from, but she went up to Li Mu, grabbed his arm, shook it gently, and said coquettishly, "Anyway, I just want you to accompany me until I get on the plane. As for where we go, I'll listen to you."

Li Mu looked at the gas meter. It was almost at the bottom, so he said, "Let's get off the highway first and find a gas station to fill up the gas tank. Then, we can buy some water or something. It's so cold, so let's not get out of the car. Let's stay in the car with the heater on."

Zhao Ziqiu kept nodding like a child. As long as Li Mu accompanied her, she didn't have any opinion on what Li Mu said.

She even thought that if Li Mu suggested driving back to Yucheng Garden, she would definitely not refuse.

Li Mu drove off the highway. He didn't go to the terminal, but went around the airport area and walked a few kilometers toward the city center. He found a 24-hour gas station, filled up the gas tank, and bought some drinks and snacks in a convenience store. Then, he got back in the car and started the car. In the desolate Shunyi District, he found a quiet road with almost no people and no street lights. When he stopped under the viaduct, the first thought that came to his mind was: This is really a f * cking good place for car sex.

There were no lights around, and it was cloudy, so it was almost pitch-black. When Li Mu turned off the car lights, he could only see the outline of things outside the car window.

Zhao Ziqiu tried her best to act like when she first met Li Mu. She talked with Li Mu in the most relaxed and joyful manner. During this time, she didn't talk about Su Yingxue. Everything seemed as if he hadn't fallen in love yet. Zhao Ziqiu talked with Li Mu about some interesting things in school and some small troubles in life.

When they talked about the situation when Zhao Ziqiu went to the National People's Congress Swimming Pool for the first time, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly asked Li Mu, "Do you still remember the birthday gift you gave me?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Of course I remember. It's a folding bike."

"Yes."

Zhao Ziqiu giggled, blinked her eyes, and asked Li Mu playfully, "Why did you give me a bicycle in the first place?"

Li Mu said, "I didn't give it to you alone. It was a gift from all the dormitory members."

"No."

Zhao Ziqiu looked as if he was lying and said, "To tell the truth, you chose and bought the bicycle yourself. You just gave it to me in the name of the whole dormitory."

Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "This guy, he reveals everything."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled sweetly and asked him, "Then why did you give me a bicycle in the first place?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I think a bicycle is more practical."

"Practical?"

Zhao Ziqiu's pretty face moved closer to Li Mu and asked him, "Is it to make it more convenient for me to go to the National People's Congress?"

Li Mu said vaguely, "It's part of it …"

Zhao Ziqiu stared at Li Mu and didn't speak for a long time. Her big eyes made Li Mu a little uncomfortable, and his eyes began to dodge. At this time, Zhao Ziqiu suddenly asked him, "Tell me, if I had taken the initiative, would you have been with me?"

Li Mu was caught off guard by this question.

When he first met Zhao Ziqiu, he was already attracted to her. At that time, she had taken the initiative to be with him, and he had always seen and remembered it. However, he had been obsessed with love for many years, and that obsession was Su Yingxue. If it weren't for Su Yingxue, he would have accepted Zhao Ziqiu wholeheartedly.

Seeing that Li Mu didn't speak, Zhao Ziqiu bit her teeth and suddenly became brave.

When Li Mu was dodging her question, she suddenly leaned forward. Half a second later, she kissed Li Mu's lips gently.

It was the first time that Li Mu had been kissed by a girl. At this moment, he was at a loss and it took him a few seconds to react. And the kiss that Zhao Ziqiu gave to Li Mu was not a shy one, but lingered on Li Mu's lips like a chick pecking rice. The soft lips were not skillful, but it suddenly made a fire burn in Li Mu's body.

At this moment, Zhao Ziqiu leaned her body against Li Mu. Not only did their lips touch, but her perky breasts also inadvertently rubbed against Li Mu's arm. And the faint fragrance on her body gave Li Mu even more stimulation.

For Li Mu's body, Zhao Ziqiu was far more attractive than Su Yingxue. She only kissed him lightly, but it was like pressing the button to explode. In an instant, Li Mu's body used the most intense posture to surrender to her. At this moment, Li Mu's heart throbbed endlessly. A momentary sense of guilt flashed past. He only felt that with such a beauty treating him so sincerely, how could he recklessly waste God's gift?

Li Mu reached out his hand and gently held Zhao Ziqiu's cheek. His tongue took the initiative to pry open her unguarded teeth, and skillfully tangled with that sliver of sweetness in her mouth.

At the moment when Li Mu took the initiative, Zhao Ziqiu closed her eyes in bliss. She wanted to experience her first kiss more attentively, and also wanted to control herself from crying. She was afraid that if her tears fell on Li Mu's face, it would wake him up from his current state.

Li Mu's control over his body couldn't withstand a single blow from Zhao Ziqiu. Their breathing and heartbeats started to accelerate at almost the same time. Li Mu's eyes also reddened, and his hands slid down from Zhao Ziqiu's cheeks to her waist. In order to cooperate with Li Mu's hands, Zhao Ziqiu fiercely and clumsily catered to his passionate kiss while slowly turning her body. In the end, she knelt on the front passenger seat. At this moment, Li Mu's large hands were tightly clasped onto Zhao Ziqiu's slender waist. His increasingly chaotic breathing caused the beast in his body to erupt. With a forceful tug, he lifted Zhao Ziqiu's clothes. Immediately after, his hands directly touched her smooth skin.

Zhao Ziqiu's waist was quite sensitive. Almost at the moment when Li Mu's hands touched her waist, her body involuntarily went limp, and her breathing became more rapid. Li Mu's hands seemed to have a magical power, which suddenly increased her body's need for oxygen. Her breathing became faster and faster, to the point that she couldn't help panting.

Li Mu wasn't satisfied with this. His body, which was in the most vigorous stage of need, had already disrupted his will. In addition, he was an experienced man who had experienced the baptism of many women. At this moment, he began to conquer the territory with ease.

While kissing Zhao Ziqiu wildly, Li Mu occasionally bit her lips in his mouth. At the same time, he slid one hand to Zhao Ziqiu's back and skillfully untied the row of metal hooks on her back.

The moment the hooks were untied, Li Mu only felt a shock in his hands. A great force bounced off the two ends of the untied hooks …

After a long time, Zhao Ziqiu finally gathered a bit of strength. She bit Li Mu's earlobe hard and said softly, "You must remember clearly what you've kissed and touched today. If you don't come to Hangzhou City to find me during the New Year, you'll have to wait one month to kiss and touch me again."

Just when Li Mu wanted to kiss her, Zhao Ziqiu had already sat up straight. She put her hands behind her back and buttoned her bra. Her face was red, but her eyes were not shy at all. She looked at Li Mu and said affectionately, "Li Mu, I like you. No matter what, you have to remember that there's a girl who has liked you since you met her. She has never been in a relationship, nor has she had any experience with the opposite sex. However, she has always been waiting for you. Even if she knows that she will be hurt, she has never avoided you. Even if you have a girlfriend, she doesn't care. She doesn't ask for anything else, as long as you have her in your heart …"

Li Mu's heart was warm. Without saying anything, he just reached out his hand, pulled Zhao Ziqiu to his front, and kissed her lips again.