Chapter 290

On the last day of 2001, heavy snow fell from the sky. The city did not become more beautiful because of the snow. On the contrary, it was so dirty that people did not know where to go. At this time, the National People's Congress campus was good. The campus was cleaner and there were no cars coming and going, so everywhere was covered in snow. Li Mu was a good student at the National People's Congress.

At noon, the six people in the dormitory met in the cafeteria. Sun Jian, the oldest, asked everyone what plans they had for the New Year's holiday. Hu Zhengdao said that he was going somewhere and might stay for three days. Sun Jian asked him curiously, "Aren't you going to take care of Yanan's mother?"

Hu Zhengdao said, "Sister Liu will be with her these few days. Also, the single girl in her dormitory will be with her."

Sun Jian asked again, "Then what are you going to do?"

Hu Zhengdao glanced at Li Mu and said to Sun Jian, "I'm going to find a friend."

Sun Jian nodded. He knew that Hu Zhengdao did not want to go into too much detail, so he did not ask again.

Li Mu knew that Hu Zhengdao wanted to take advantage of the New Year's holiday to go to a few more places and expand the marketing network.

Sun Jian asked Xue Jianfeng, "What about you?

What are your plans for the three days of New Year's holiday? "

Xue Jianfeng said, "I'm taking Chen Jiao to Wutai Mountain. She keeps saying that she wants to go."

Sun Jian sighed, "It's different when you have a partner."

After saying that, he looked at Li Mu, "What about you, Lao San?

What are your plans? "

Li Mu smiled, "There's nothing to do on the first day. The second and third will be busy."

Ning Hao was about to finish filming in Haizhou. Some of the staff had already returned with the equipment that would no longer be used in Haizhou. They started to set up the filming set in Yanjing. Ning Hao should be back on the second day. At that time, they would have to continue filming.

Sun Jian was a little depressed in his heart. He looked at Li Yawei and directly ignored him. This kid even went home on weekends, let alone New Year's Day.

In the end, only Liu Nian was left in the entire dormitory. Sun Jian knew that Liu Nian had always been frugal. It was definitely impossible for him to go home or go to other places on New Year's Day, so he asked Liu Nian, "Little Liu Nian, shall we spend these three days together?"

Liu Nian nodded. "Sure, Brother Jian. I only have three classes a day on New Year's Day. I'm free the rest of the time."

Sun Jian said, "Let's go to the Summer Palace tomorrow."

Li Mu suddenly remembered that Su Yingxue had mentioned to him about the New Year's Day party, so he asked curiously, "Isn't there a party?

Tonight? "

Sun Jian looked at Li Mu helplessly and said, "You're a typical student who comes and goes like a shadow all day long. You don't know anything about school matters at all."

Li Yawei said, "A lot of students are going home tonight. A lot of places pay attention to New Year's Day, so the school's New Year's Day party usually isn't held on the night of December 31st. This time, our school is holding it on the night of the 5th, a Saturday."

Li Mu nodded with a look of understanding. Xue Jianfeng asked curiously, "Your high school sweetheart is hosting the party. Why didn't you pay attention at all?"

Li Mu said awkwardly, "I was busy a while ago."

Xue Jianfeng said, "You should be more careful. Don't mess around all day long. Money can be earned at any time. If you miss a good girl, she won't be there anymore. You didn't say anything about Zhao Ziqiu, and you didn't say anything about your childhood sweetheart. What are you trying to do?"

Li Mu deliberately changed the topic, "How do you and Chen Qiao plan to go to Mount Wutai?"

Xue Jianfeng knew that Li Mu didn't want to continue the topic, so he didn't ask anymore. He said, "We want to go by train. The train leaves tomorrow morning and we'll arrive in the afternoon. We'll play until the night of the 3rd."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Mount Wutai has a typical microclimate. You should be prepared before you go, especially to protect yourself from the rain."

Xue Jianfeng asked curiously, "You've been there before?"

"Yes."

Xue Jianfeng asked Li Mu, "There are so many temples in Mount Wutai. Which one is more efficacious?"

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh. He was half an atheist. There were so many temples in Mount Wutai, but he didn't know which one was more efficacious. However, he suddenly remembered that he went to Mount Wutai when he was 30 years old in his previous life. At that time, he went to relax with a few colleagues. At that time, his colleagues all went to various temples to pray for various blessings. Only Li Mu didn't know what to pray for. Later, he followed his colleagues to a temple. He couldn't resist their encouragement and made a wish in a temple.

As a depressed middle-aged man, Li Mu's wish was very simple. He wanted his life to start all over again. Later, he was really reborn.

However, Li Mu still didn't believe that it was the doing of gods. People who were dissatisfied with reality or had regrets about the past always wanted to go back to the past. This shouldn't have anything to do with gods.

However, Li Mu still tried his best to remember the name of the temple he prayed to in the past. He said to Xue Jianfeng, "There's a temple that seems to be more efficacious. I think it's called Wuye Temple. You should go and have a look."

Xue Jianfeng nodded. Then, he looked at the time and asked everyone, "Do you have any plans for tonight?

I have to go find my girlfriend. I promised to spend New Year's Eve with her tonight. "

Li Yawei smiled and said, "I'll go home tonight to spend New Year's Eve with my parents."

Hu Zhengdao looked at the time and said, "I have to go and spend time with Yanan and her mother tonight."

Sun Jian curled his lips and looked at Li Mu. Then, he looked at Liu Nian and said, "Lao San, Lao Liu, how about spending New Year's Eve together?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not spending New Year's Eve with you. I have something to do."

Sun Jian looked unhappy. Liu Nian hurriedly said, "Brother Jian, I'll go with you."

Sun Jian sighed and said, "We can only rely on each other now!"

For Li Mu, there was something important to do tonight. Whether Makino Technology B's salary was 300 to 400 million or 600 to 700 million, it depended on the personal space that was going online tonight and the Happy Farm.

…

On the last afternoon of 2001, many office workers were no longer in the mood to work. They began to look forward to the three-day holiday in the future. However, many senior executives of the Internet companies held internal discussions in their companies to find out what Makino Technology was going to do tonight.

Although Makino Technology was not one of the top Internet companies in China, its rise was too fast. Moreover, its recent actions were well known in the industry. Therefore, the Internet companies, regardless of whether they were top or not, were all studying Makino Technology's success. They were very concerned about its next step.

First of all, from the announcement made by Makino Technology, they were going to launch two products tonight. One was called personal space, and the other was a small game embedded in personal space.

Personal space, from the literal meaning, was easy to understand. However, many CEOs did not understand. What was so good about personal space?

What were they going to do in personal space?

Many people were thinking about the same question. What was a personal space? What did a personal space need?

Did it need to browse information?

Did it need to chat?

Did it need an email?

No matter how much he thought about it, no one knew.

Even the senior executives of Baidu were having a meeting to discuss what Li Mu's personal space was.

Tan Yaocheng said, "Personal space could be a custom-made service?

Maybe Li Mu really made his own navigation website, but it was just embedded in Tieba. "

Li Zong asked him, "Do you think it's meaningful to embed a navigation website in Tieba?"

However, the monologue in his heart was, "You guys are so naive to think that Li Mu wants to make a navigation website?

He has already admitted that he is messing with me! "

Tan Yaocheng did not know that. He only thought that Li Mu was obsessed with the navigation website. Therefore, he said, "This personal space is most likely a new secondary page that Li Mu is going to open in Tieba. Since he emphasized 'personal', it is very likely that it is a product that is targeted at users. For example, users can customize a navigation website in their personal space."

Li Zong waved his hand and said, "I suspect that it is a platform for users to display their personal information."

A product manager asked him, "Li Zong, what is the point of a platform for displaying personal information?

Writing names and personal descriptions?

These are available on QQ. What is the point of them doing this? "

Li Zong shook his head. "I don't understand either. Also, Li Mu said that he embedded a game in his personal space. If I am not wrong, Tieba's personal space is not a software, but a product based on Tieba's web page. What kind of tricks can the game in the web page do?"

Everyone was puzzled. The game on the web page must be crudely made. How could users like to play such a game?

At the same time, Teng Xun was also having a meeting to discuss the next step of Tieba. Q Bar failed miserably this time. There were less than ten thousand users in total today. Many of them were users from Tieba who came to see how Q Bar looked like after it was destroyed. Q Bar's current traffic was very low, but after the first explosion, the server had expanded to an astonishing extent. It could be said that it was using a server that could accommodate tens of thousands of users to support the use of tens of thousands of users. The idle rate of resources was very high.

Although this was the case, Teng Xun's higher-ups also understood that Q Bar had lost the possibility of rapid growth. The current development of the Internet was not mature enough. There were not many traffic entrances, and most of them were in the hands of first-tier Internet companies. Q Bar now only had users from two directions. One was QQ users, and the other was users from Hao123. However, it was not significant.