Chapter 86

Five minutes ago, Xue Guilan rushed to the Education Bureau with her brother and sister and found out Zhao Lina's department. She didn't see her, so she asked her colleague. Her colleague said she might be in the bathroom, so Xue Guilan and her sister rushed in.

In the bathroom, Zhao Lina was talking to Guo Lin on the phone. Suddenly, she looked up and saw Xue Guilan and a woman in front of her angrily. The two hadn't seen each other for three years, but they recognized each other at a glance.

Before Zhao Lina could recover from the shock, the fierce Xue Guilan raised her arm and slapped Zhao Lina hard in the face. She scolded, "You slut, how dare you seduce my man. I'm going to beat you to death today!"

Then, Xue Guilan and her sister stepped forward and punched and kicked Zhao Lina desperately. Zhao Lina screamed in pain. At first, she tried to fight back, but how could a weak woman like her fight against two shrews? She was beaten so badly that she could not fight back. She curled up in the corner of the bathroom and shouted for help.

Although Zhao Lina's phone fell to the ground, it wasn't broken. The phone was still connected. Guo Lin held the phone and listened to the movements on the other end. He was so scared that he almost had a heart attack. His hands were trembling, and he could only hold the phone with both hands.

That bitch actually went to the Education Bureau to fight with Zhao Lina!

Guo Lin didn't expect his wife to go out to find Zhao Lina. It was strange. How did she know Zhao Lina worked in the Education Bureau?

Guo Lin was anxious. On the one hand, he felt sorry for Zhao Lina, but on the other hand, he was worried that Xue Guilan would make things worse. But it seemed that she had already made things worse!

What should he do?

Guo Lin was anxious at home. Zhao Lina's phone was in a corner of the bathroom. She kept crying and screaming. Xue Guilan and her sister didn't stop beating and insulting her. Guo Lin panicked. He couldn't go to the scene to stop the fight. If he called his wife to calm down, he was afraid that it would make her even angrier.

Guo Lin struggled for a long time. He heard Zhao Lina's screams and begging for mercy. It hurt his heart, but he could only choose not to intervene.

At this time, at the scene, Zhao Lina's colleagues heard her cry for help and wanted to go into the bathroom to stop the fight. Xue Guilan's brother, who was blocking the door, scolded, "F * ck your mother. That bitch seduced my brother-in-law. My sister taught her a lesson. What does it have to do with you?

Get the f * ck away, don't be a busybody! "

As soon as he said that, no one dared to go in and meddle in this matter. Many female colleagues gathered outside to listen, and some male colleagues who had a crush on Zhao Lina were beating their chests and stamping their feet at the door. They didn't expect that their dream lover was someone else's mistress.

The leader of the Education Bureau came when he heard the news. Unexpectedly, Xue Guilan's elder brother didn't give him face at all. He looked like he would fight with whoever dared to interfere. He also pointed at the leader's nose and scolded him.

Losing face in front of so many subordinates, the leader was furious. He found a group of security guards and also ordered someone to call the police.

Xue Guilan and her sister had had enough of fighting, and the anger in their hearts had almost been vented for the time being. At this moment, Zhao Lina was covered with wounds and was crying. Xue Guilan put her hands on her waist and threatened, "Hurry up and disappear from Haizhou, or I will beat you every time I see you in Haizhou!"

As she said that, Xue Guilan's elder brother had been subdued by many security guards outside the door. Several more security guards rushed in, pointed at Xue Guilan and her sister, and shouted, "What are you doing? You came to our Education Bureau to beat people and make trouble. Don't you know that beating people is against the law?"

Xue Guilan was used to being arrogant. She spat on one of the security guards and said, "She slept with my man. It's natural for me to beat her. Why do you care so much?

Did you sleep with her, too? "

The security guard had never seen such a rude woman. The security guard who was spat on was angry and wanted to beat her, but Xue Guilan reached out and unbuttoned two buttons of her floral short-sleeved shirt. "Come on, if you dare to touch me, I will take off my clothes and call it rape!"

"You bitch …" The security guard was speechless. In the face of two arrogant old women, he didn't know what to do. At this time, the leader of the Education Bureau came in and took a look. He said to the female colleagues outside, "Hurry up, send Xiao Zhao to the hospital. In addition, no one can let go of these two people. Wait for the police to deal with them!"

After all, the Education Bureau was a government agency, and it was a serious department in charge of education. After such a scene, if they let the assailants go openly, they would be laughed at by others.

Zhao Lina was helped away by several colleagues. Xue Guilan took her sister and wanted to leave, but she was stopped by the security guards. She said on the spot, "I want to leave. Who dares to stop me? Who are you?

Who took off his pants and exposed you? "

The person who was scolded was one of the deputy directors of the Education Bureau, who was in charge of the city's junior high schools. He was usually complimented wherever he went. He had never been scolded like this in half of his life, not to mention that there were many security guards present. A group of subordinates outside listened, and their faces suddenly became hot. They pointed at Xue Guilan and trembled with anger. "How can you be so rude!"

"You have manners!

You have manners. Your subordinate slept with someone else's husband?

According to what you said, you must have slept with this little vixen a lot! "

"Don't slander me!"

"I'm slandering you?

Let me tell you, I'm not on my period. Otherwise, I'll take out my sanitary napkin and smear a mouthful of blood on you! "

The deputy director was stunned. He finally realized that he had no power in front of this shrew. He stomped his feet angrily and shouted at the security guards, "Close the door, don't let these two people out!

Wait for the police to deal with them! "

After that, the deputy director turned around and left. Xue Guilan's brother was restrained by a few security guards. He shouted at the deputy director with a face full of indignation, "My brother-in-law is the mine manager of Xiling Coal Mine. You better think it over. Don't show off if you can't afford to offend him!"

The deputy director was furious again. Damn it, there are so many people I can't afford to offend. I'm only a deputy director, and I'm not even ranked in the whole city's leadership. The director, the mayor, the government, the provincial department, the ministries, they're all people I can't afford to offend. But you, the mine manager of Xiling Coal Mine, are a fart?

The Education Bureau is a government agency, and Xiling Coal Mine is a state-owned enterprise. They are not on the same level. Moreover, although Xiling Coal Mine is in Haizhou, it belongs to Pengcheng Mining Group. Why are you so arrogant in Haizhou?

"When the police arrive, tell the officers who are handling the case that if they don't enforce the law impartially, the Education Bureau will definitely pursue this matter to the end!"

The Education Bureau was one of the most popular departments in Haizhou. They controlled the fate of all elementary, middle, and high school students in Haizhou. They also controlled the fate of these students' parents. As long as their children were not in university, no one was willing to offend the leaders of the Education Bureau.

Although the Public Security Bureau had much more political power than the Education Bureau, it was definitely the Public Security Bureau that was rushing to curry favor with the Education Bureau. Everyone had children, and those children had to go to school. When they went to school, they would want to go to a good school and class. Even if they did not curry favor with the Education Bureau, they would definitely not dare to offend the Education Bureau.

Now that someone had come to the Education Bureau to cause trouble, and the deputy director of the Education Bureau had spoken, the police who rushed to the scene did not dare to neglect it.

The Xue siblings were stuffed into the police car and taken to the police station. Zhao Lina was treated in the hospital, and the police quickly sent someone over to take Zhao Lina to get an injury identification certificate.

Guo Lin, who was cooped up at home, was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan. He made calls everywhere and finally dragged his connections to the Central City Police Station. When the director heard that they were here to plead for leniency for the troublemakers, he directly rejected them.

They had rushed to the state organ to beat people and insulted national cadres. The deputy director of the Education Bureau had personally spoken to pursue this matter to the end. How could the police station dare to do a favor for the troublemakers at this time?

This time, Guo Lin really hated Xue Guilan to the core. At such a critical moment, she made a fuss at home, but now she actually went to the Education Bureau to make a fuss. If this matter were to be spread out, he would really be killed by her!

Even Li Mu did not expect that Xue Guilan would be so reckless. He had asked Zhao Kang to expose Zhao Lina so that the couple would begin to have internal friction and Guo Lin would have internal and external troubles. However, in his expectation, for the safety of her man, Xue Guilan would definitely not dare to tell the public, so she could only vent her anger on Guo Lin at home. However, in the afternoon, there were witnesses in the local forums and chat rooms of Haizhou who revealed the farce that happened in the Education Bureau to the Internet.