Chapter 713

By the time Xiao Chenfeng recovered, Wei Lan had already taken the elevator to the lobby on the first floor.

Xiao Chenfeng's nose felt sore. Two streams of warm liquid flowed out of his nostrils. Bright red blood splattered on the high-grade beige carpet, it was very eye-catching.

The door was open, but Wei Lan was long gone. Xiao Chenfeng was very clear in his heart. Once Wei Lan left this door, all his plans would be for naught.

Xiao Chenfeng, who was extremely angry, picked up the heavy European style table lamp on the small table beside him and violently tore it off. Then, he threw it at the huge rear-projection television opposite him as if he had gone mad. "Bang!

"Motherf * cker!

F * ck! "

Xiao Chenfeng was mad with hatred. He took out his phone and called Wang Runqing. The first thing Wang Runqing said when he picked up the phone was to ask him wretchedly, "What's the matter, Boss Xiao? Did you get it?"

Wang Runqing was using the Yanjing dialect, which roughly meant that he had already obtained it. When Xiao Chenfeng heard this pretentious criminal of Shanghai mocking him with the Yanjing dialect, he immediately became even more furious. He cursed out loud, "Wang Runqing, aren't you f * cking awesome? Aren't you a f * cking tyrant of Shanghai?

If you let Jun Cheng Real Estate escape from your hands, I will make you my enemy in the future! "

Wang Runqing stared blankly for a moment before asking, "What do you mean?

Didn't succeed? "

"F * ck you!" Xiao Chenfeng cursed angrily. He almost went crazy as he smashed the phone against the wall, shattering it into pieces.

Xiao Chenfeng was enraged that the duck that was already in his hands had flown away. Xiao Chenfeng was even more enraged when he received a 'bun'. Most importantly, Wei Lan had rejected him too straightforwardly and without any hesitation. This had dealt a huge blow to his confidence, causing him to feel especially frustrated. Hence, he became even more enraged.

Wei Lan ran all the way out of the hotel and happened to see a taxi parked in front of the hotel. She opened the door of the back seat and got in. She said to the driver, "To the airport!"

When the driver heard that it was a long-distance job, and it was his favorite airport job, he immediately stepped on the clutch, changed gears, removed the handbrake, started the car, and started the car in one go.

There was only one thought in Wei Lan's mind, and that was to return to Shanghai!

He didn't care about anything, he didn't want to think about anything!

She just wanted to hurry back and leave this city that made her feel sick.

The taxi sped towards the airport. Wei Lan had been wanting to cry, but she had been holding it in. She didn't dare and didn't want to cry out loud in front of a stranger in a taxi filled with all kinds of smells. Even though she tried her best to hold back her sobs, she couldn't stop her tears from flowing. She could only cover her face with both hands until the airport.

They set off from China.

Wei Lan took a taxi and rushed to the departure floor of the terminal. It was only eight o 'clock. If she was lucky, she might be able to buy a ticket back.

Under normal circumstances, the flight tickets were sold until 45 minutes before the flight took off. When Wei Lan came to the ticket counter to inquire, she found out that there was indeed a 9: 50 flight to Shanghai, which was the latest flight from Yan Jing to Shanghai. However, she had just received the news an hour ago that there was a thunderstorm in Shanghai, and both airports were closed. The flights that did not arrive had chosen to land in nearby cities or return, and several subsequent flights had been canceled.

Wei Lan felt that her emotions were about to collapse. She was sure that she couldn't leave tonight, so she immediately rushed out of the terminal without hesitation. At the door, she saw the shuttle bus from a nearby hotel and got on it without hesitation.

The shuttle bus took Wei Lan and several other guests to the hotel every few minutes. The hotel was near the airport terminal, and it was less than two kilometers away. After arriving at the hotel, Wei Lan immediately booked a room and hurriedly went upstairs with the room card. The first thing she did after entering the room was throw herself on the bed, burying herself in the soft down pillow and crying for a long time, bursting out all the negative emotions accumulated in her heart.

More than ten minutes later, Wei Lan was tired of crying. She wiped her tears and took out her mobile phone to make an overseas call to her father who was far away in the United States. The moment the phone was connected, Wei Lan cried again. She choked and said to her father, "Dad, I'm sorry. I tried my best. I really tried my best …"

As soon as Wei Jun heard his daughter crying and saying such words, he immediately asked her nervously, "Lanlan, what's wrong with you?

What happened to you?

If it's the company's business, listen to me. Don't worry about it. Your mother has been talking about you these two days. She said that she misses you. Why don't you buy a plane ticket and come here? Let's start over as a family here. "

"Okay."

Wei Lan cried and said, "I'll deal with all the things that can be dealt with in the next two days. Then I'll buy a plane ticket to find you and mom."

"Okay, okay, okay."

Wei Jun said the word "okay" three times in a row and comforted her, "There are some things that you can just let go of. Take a step back and come here as soon as possible after dealing with the domestic affairs. The things that should be ended have been ended. If it can't be ended, let it go. From then on, it has nothing to do with us."

"Okay!" Wei Lan nodded repeatedly. "I'll end it as soon as possible!"

Wei Jun sighed softly and said, "Good girl, don't cry. You've been strong for so long. Don't be defeated by them in the end."

"I know, Dad."

Wei Lan wiped her tears and forced a smile. "You know better than anyone what kind of person your daughter is. No one can defeat her."

After hanging up the phone, Wei Lan had completely given up on Juncheng Real Estate. She sat on the carpet in the hotel and leaned on the side of the bed. In her heart, she was only thinking about buying the earliest plane ticket back tomorrow morning and immediately preparing to go to America.

Thinking about going back tomorrow morning, Wei Lan suddenly thought of Li Mu. She had even told Li Mu that she would treat him to a meal. If she left like this tomorrow, it would be extremely difficult to meet him across the ocean. Although she had only met Li Mu a few times, after today, she realized that Li Mu was the only person who had kindness to her. She could leave, but she couldn't go back on her words to the only person who had given her kindness and help.

However, Wei Lan was extremely disappointed with this trip to Yanjing. If she treated Li Mu to a meal tomorrow, she would have to stay in this city for half a day or even a whole day. Thus, she looked at the time and sent a message to Li Mu.

At this time, Li Mu had just returned to Ziyun Villa with his parents from the restaurant. Although Papa Lee and Li Ma weren't old, they were in their forties after all. After walking around for a whole day, they were extremely tired when they got home. Thus, they went back to their bedroom early to take a shower and rest. Li Mu was surfing the internet on his laptop in the spacious living room downstairs. Suddenly, the phone in his hand lit up. He opened it and saw that it was a message from Wei Lan.

"Have you eaten?"

Li Mu replied casually, "Just finished. What about you?"

Seeing this message, Wei Lan couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. Since Li Mu had eaten, she couldn't force him to have another meal. After thinking about it, she suddenly had an idea and replied to Li Mu, "Something unexpected happened. I have to leave Yanjing tomorrow morning. Do you have time now?

How about I treat you to a drink? "

Wei Lan didn't want to stay any longer and didn't want to stand him up. In addition, she was in a bad mood. She also wanted to drink to drown her sorrows even though she wasn't a good drinker. Thus, she came up with such an idea. She would treat Li Mu to a drink, which could be regarded as a disguised fulfillment of her promise to treat him to a meal. Then, she would drown her sorrows with alcohol and indulge herself to her heart's content. When the sun rose tomorrow, she would go straight to the airport and buy the earliest flight back.

When Li Mu saw this message, he was surprised. Wei Lan seemed to have an appointment with Xiao Chenfeng. Could it be that it fell through?

Thinking of Wei Lan's situation and her sudden action of wanting to treat him to a drink, Li Mu was even more certain that she must have fallen through with Xiao Chenfeng. Under such circumstances, she probably wanted to find someone to accompany her and drown her sorrows with alcohol, right?

However, the more it was like this, the more Li Mu felt the need to accompany her. Otherwise, it would be too dangerous for a beautiful woman to drink too much in a nightclub in Yanjing.

Thus, Li Mu replied, "Are you still at the hotel of the Urban Construction Group?

I'll go and pick you up. "

Wei Lan replied, "I'm not there. It's quite far from there. How about you tell me the place and I'll take a taxi there?"

Li Mu: "Tell me your address. I'll go and pick you up."

Wei Lan replied, "It's really far. Pick a place to drink and tell me the address. I'll go there right now. You should hurry there too. Let's meet there directly."

Li Mu didn't insist and replied, "SugarClub in Sanlitun. Remember to take a regular taxi. Look at the license plate number before you get in the car and text me."

Wei Lan stared at her phone blankly for a while before replying, "Okay, I'll go there right now!"

Wei Lan left the room and took a taxi at the entrance of the hotel. Before she got in the car, she wrote down the license plate number and texted it to Li Mu. She knew Li Mu's intention. If she really met a bad guy and the other party had bad intentions, she could show him the text message and tell him, "I've already sent your license plate number to my friend. If anything happens to me, he'll call the police immediately."

Under such circumstances, most bad guys would probably give up.

It had to be said that this was indeed a safety guarantee for women. Li Mu's thoughtfulness gave Wei Lan unimaginable comfort and warmth in this situation.

When she had almost lost all hope in the world, the world was already dead in her eyes. Only Li Mu was still the only ray of light in this city in her eyes.

Li Mu drove out and arrived at SugarClub in Sanlitun in 20 minutes. He stopped the car at the entrance and stood there waiting.

About 10 minutes later, a taxi stopped at the entrance. The back door opened and Wei Lan got out with slightly swollen eyes.

Li Mu waved at her. Wei Lan smiled faintly and walked over to Li Mu. Listening to the dynamic bass music, Wei Lan asked him curiously, "Is it very chaotic in here?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is my place. There's a quiet place."

Wei Lan was skeptical. The bass inside seemed to be about to overturn the house. She couldn't guess that there was a relatively quiet place inside.

Li Mu said, "Let's go. You'll know after you go in."

As he said that, he took out his VIP card from his wallet and showed it to the unfamiliar security guard at the door.

The security guard immediately used the walkie-talkie to contact the manager. A moment later, a young woman came out to greet them. When she saw Li Mu, she bowed slightly. "Hello, Li Zong. Welcome back. Are you the two of you?"

Li Mu nodded. "Is the room empty?"

The young woman hurriedly said, "Of course. No matter how long your room is empty, it won't receive other guests. Also, it's cleaned twice a day."

Fatty Wang was a person with a sense of propriety. Although his business was getting more and more prosperous, he would never touch the exclusive rooms of the founding shareholders. Li Mu increasingly felt that this little bit of money was worth it. He spent a little bit of money, but in this huge Yan Jing city, there was always a place where there was a feasting and green light, and an exclusive space for him.