Chapter 660

While Li Mu was having dinner with the directors and celebrities in the film and television industry, the special news about Makino Technology had been released.

This series of news first reported on the arrogant and despotic second-generation rich Huang Shuolun who had a hangover and killed a female university student. Not only did he not rescue her, but he also injured another female university student and escaped. As the suspect was extremely arrogant and the nature of the case was extremely bad, it caused a strong reaction among the netizens. All the netizens, without exception, expressed their extreme anger and condemnation of the suspect for drunk driving. After that, Makino Technology released another news release, sorting out some of the shallow background of the Huang family. For example, the family business was the Hongzhu Group, the total market value of the group was more than 10 billion, the total family assets were close to 10 billion, etc. This further aroused the subconscious hatred of the netizens.

Many netizens left comments. On one hand, they condemned the suspect, on the other hand, they were worried that the suspect would use various means to get rid of the crime. Unexpectedly, Makino Technology's YY website was highly praised by the netizens. This was because YY website had the exclusive report on this case and revealed Huang Shuolun's identity. To the netizens, this kind of spirit of not fearing power was too precious.

YY website used ten minutes to quickly spread the influence of this case on the Internet. Immediately after that, they released a news flash to the entire Internet. After receiving the report, the Yan Jing Public Security quickly organized the police force to investigate the case. In just a few hours, they quickly solved the case and arrested the suspect, Huang Shuolun!

Just as the netizens' anger towards Huang Shuolun's crime was aroused, the news of Huang Shuolun's arrest was immediately released. Instantly, the netizens cheered. No one expected the Public Security to be so efficient. Although the suspect's family background was incomparably powerful, the Yan Jing Public Security did not care at all and immediately arrested the suspect. This immediately won the Yan Jing Public Security a lot of fans.

After Gu Jianghe, who had not left the Western District Branch, saw the comments on the Internet, he was finally relieved. From the netizens' anger towards Huang Shuolun, he could guess how much pressure he would have to face if the news of Huang Shuolun finding someone to take the blame and the Western District Branch's full cooperation was leaked. Fortunately, not only did he not have to bear that kind of pressure, but he also benefited from this disaster. This time, the Yan Jing Public Security solved the case in a few hours, and it was greatly praised by the netizens. It seemed that this case would greatly increase the Yan Jing Public Security's influence in society. This kind of good thing did not happen often.

After YY website was the first to report, it caused a huge sensation and attention on the Internet. After YY website was the first to report the big news, the TV stations suddenly saw the big news, and saw Huang Shuolun's identity had been exposed, they did not have any taboo. They all began to report about this case, causing a lot of people to pay attention to it. This increased the number of people who paid attention to this case.

However, while some were happy, some were sad. At this moment, Huang Jinxiao, who was lying in the hospital, was crying. His heart was about to go crazy with hatred.

Huang Jinli rushed back and told him the conditions that she had discussed with Li Mu. At the same time, she also explained to him the reason why she made the decision on her own. In her own words, no one could save Huang Shuolun now. The Huang family had to cut their losses decisively. Giving up Huang Shuolun was equivalent to cutting off one's wrist. At least, it would not hurt the foundation of the family.

Although Huang Jinxiao was well aware of the pros and cons, he couldn't help but tear up when he thought of his son possibly facing a sentence of more than ten years. He was a man who valued sons over daughters, not to mention that Huang Shuolun was his only son, the future successor of his business. Now that his only son was going through this ordeal, he was powerless and could only watch helplessly. This feeling was worse than death.

This time, Huang Jinxiao really realized what it meant to have the will but not the strength. His hatred for Li Mu naturally grew. However, he knew very well that the possibility of him taking revenge on Li Mu was almost zero. The Huang family had made such a big sacrifice and concession in exchange for Li Mu's leniency. If he was not rational at this time, he was afraid that the future of the Huang family would be ruined.

When he was in pain, Huang Jinqiang received a call from his wife. She said that the old man was watching TV at home and saw the news about his eldest grandson being arrested. He suddenly had a heart attack and was on the way to the hospital.

Huang Jinqiang and his sister were all filial sons. When they heard this, they were shocked and hurriedly told Huang Jinxiao and Huang Jinli what had happened. Huang Jinxiao almost had a heart attack. He hurriedly said to the two of them, "You two, go and have a look."

…

Li Mu did not stay too long at the dinner. After talking with Director Chen about making an appointment with the people of the cinema chain to discuss cooperation, he left with Su Yingxue.

In the car, Li Mu said to Su Yingxue, "I bought a suite near the school. Let's stay there tonight and have a good rest. Cai Zhizhi's parents should be here tomorrow morning."

Su Yingxue did not ask Li Mu about the house. Instead, she asked him, "Did you return the house in Yucheng Garden?"

Li Mu shook his head. "No, I didn't."

Su Yingxue said without hesitation, "Let's go there, okay?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Okay, why not? But the new house has a better environment."

Su Yingxue said softly, "I like it there."

Li Mu nodded slightly and did not say anything else. He only said, "Okay."

Li Mu had not been to the house in Yucheng Garden for a long time, and Su Yingxue had not been there for a long time. However, to her, the house Li Mu rented in Yucheng Garden was far more meaningful than any other place, because it was the place where Li Mu first confessed to her.

Li Mu drove the car to Yucheng Garden. When they were about to reach the entrance of the community, Su Yingxue asked him, "Do you still have my toiletries?"

"Yes." Li Mu nodded and said, "I've put them away."

Su Yingxue said, "Then you can stop at the door for a while. I'll go to the supermarket to call my aunt and my parents."

Her phone had been in a state of not being able to get through. Su Yingxue was afraid that if someone was looking for her, she would be worried if she could not get in touch.

Su Yingxue first called her parents and told them that she had lost her phone. She would buy a new one tomorrow and replace the SIM card. Su Yingxue's parents did not think much of it. Her mother said that she would transfer some money to her card tomorrow for her to buy a new phone. Su Yingxue did not refuse and said that she would contact her after she bought a new phone. Then she called her aunt, Su Yuehua. Su Yuehua happened to see the news on Yanjing Satellite TV that a female student of the National People's Congress had a car accident today. She called her aunt, but she did not get through. Just when she was anxious, she heard Su Yingxue's voice on the phone and suddenly felt relieved.

Su Yingxue also told her that she had lost her phone. Su Yuehua did not think much of it and asked her, "Will you come over tonight?"

Su Yingxue said, "I won't go over tonight. I'm a little busy at school these two days. I'll talk about it after I finish the things at hand."

Su Yuehua reminded her, "Don't go out if there's nothing important. A girl who had just finished her freshman year in your school died in a car accident. Have you heard about this?"

Su Yingxue answered with a hum and said, "I've heard about it …"

Su Yuehua sighed and said, "You have to be more careful. Try not to go out if you can."

Su Yingxue obediently agreed and said, "I know, aunt. You should rest early. Tell Xinran that I will accompany her in two days and let her review her lessons."

After hanging up the phone, Su Yingxue let out a long sigh of relief. Li Mu happened to buy a set of toiletries for her and paid for the phone call. Su Yingxue saw that he had bought two sets of toothbrushes and towels. She asked him in surprise, "Aren't they all here? Why did you buy new ones?"

Li Mu said, "They are here, but I haven't lived here for a long time. It's better to get new ones."

Su Yingxue nodded and came out with Li Mu. Li Mu drove the car to the basement and parked it. He held Su Yingxue's hand and returned to the first "home" he had rented in Yanjing.

As soon as they entered the door, Su Yingxue was surprised to find that the room was not messy. The room was very tidy, but there was a thin layer of dust on the surface of the furniture. It was obvious that no one had lived here for a long time. Li Mu hurriedly opened the window for ventilation.

Only then did Su Yingxue realize that her clothes were dirty. Looking at the dirty clothes, she sighed softly and said, "If I knew this earlier, I would have gone back to the dormitory to get some clean clothes …"

Seeing her confused expression, Li Mu asked, "Why don't I get a clean T-shirt for you to wear? I'll go back to the dormitory with you to get some clean clothes tomorrow morning."

Su Yingxue said, "That's the only way."

Then, she looked at the scars on her arm and said worriedly, "I can change the clothes, but how do I explain to my aunt about the scars on my arm …"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "If you want them to know, then tell them the truth. If you don't want them to know, then just say that I fell when I was riding the bike with you."

Su Yingxue smiled bitterly and gently fiddled with her bangs. She said to Li Mu, "Then I'll have to trouble you to take the blame."

Li Mu nodded slightly, but in his heart, he thought about the compensation. He asked her, "Are you not going to let your family know about this in the future?"

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "If they know, they will definitely be worried and afraid, so it's better not to tell them."

Li Mu said, "The conditions I negotiated with the Huang family included 20 million yuan as compensation. Of this, 15 million yuan is to compensate Cai Zhizhi's parents, and the remaining 5 million is to compensate you. If your family doesn't know about this, what are you going to do with the money?"

Su Yingxue was stunned. She looked at Li Mu for a long time and then shook her head and said, "I can't take this money. Give it to Cai Zhizhi's parents. She is the only child in her family. I don't know how they will survive."

Li Mu looked at her arm full of scars and said, "But you are also a victim …"

Su Yingxue looked down at her right arm, then raised her head and said to Li Mu, "I'm afraid my injury won't even cost 500 yuan, let alone 5 million yuan."

Li Mu explained, "Under normal circumstances, it's impossible for it to be so much. Even Cai Zhizhi's parents, according to the laws and regulations, the law can only support a compensation of a few hundred thousand yuan at most. The rest is used by the Huang family to atone for their crimes. Moreover, 5 million yuan is indeed a large amount of money. Not to mention other things, it's very easy to buy three houses in Yan Jing …"

Su Yingxue nodded. She looked at Li Mu and said seriously, "I know that you fought for this for Cai Zhizhi, and I also know that 5 million yuan is a large amount of money. But if I really take this money, every time I spend it, I will think that it was exchanged with Cai Zhizhi's life. She is gone, but I get a windfall. How can I feel at ease?"

In Li Mu's view, the reason why he asked Huang Jinli for 20 million yuan as compensation was that it included the 5 million yuan he fought for for Su Yingxue. Huang Jinli agreed, so the money naturally belonged to Su Yingxue. He didn't want Su Yingxue to give up the 5 million yuan compensation easily. Moreover, her idea was a little extreme. If she said so, would all the victims' families not spend the money after getting the compensation?

Therefore, Li Mu tried to persuade her. He said, "Why don't you discuss it with your family?"

Su Yingxue shook her head gently and said, "I don't want anyone to interfere with my decision. If you want me to get out of here as soon as possible after Zhizhi's funeral is done, then leave all the money to Zhizhi's parents."

Seeing that Su Yingxue was determined, Li Mu didn't insist anymore. He nodded slightly and said, "Okay, then give all the money to Cai Zhizhi's parents."

Su Yingxue breathed a sigh of relief and gently leaned into Li Mu's arms. She pressed the side of her face against his chest and said softly, "Thank you."

For Su Yingxue, she had experienced too many things today. She witnessed Cai Zhizhi being hit and killed, watched Li Mu fight against evil people for her, and unexpectedly learned that her boyfriend was the founder of a top Internet company. She even saw a few top celebrities in the entertainment circle helping him. All these things rushed in front of her, making Su Yingxue feel a little numb at this moment. Her mind was in a mess, and she didn't have the spare brain to think about what would happen next.

Seeing the tiredness in Su Yingxue's expression, Li Mu quickly made the bed again and gave her a clean T-shirt. He said to her, "Don't take a shower if your hand is injured. Change into clean clothes and sleep first."

Su Yingxue's face was full of worry. She knew that the wound on her right arm couldn't be touched by water, so she couldn't take a shower. However, after experiencing so many things today, her clothes had been drenched in sweat several times. Right now, she urgently needed to use a towel to wipe her body. Otherwise, she wouldn't be able to rest well if she just rested like this.

Just as she was worrying, Li Mu saw her struggle and said to her seriously, "If you really want to take a shower, why don't I help you?"

"Ah …" When Su Yingxue heard this, she instinctively wanted to refuse, but when she accidentally made eye contact with Li Mu, she saw the purity in Li Mu's eyes and realized that she was thinking too much. She had always felt that her decision to open up to Li Mu bit by bit, coupled with her aunt's control over her, had greatly affected Li Mu's feelings for her. As a result, she could see that Li Mu was becoming more and more restrained when it came to intimacy with her. Li Mu was her boyfriend, and at this time, the only person she could rely on was him. In front of him, there was no need for her to have so many psychological burdens.

After struggling in her mind for a moment, Su Yingxue met Li Mu's pure eyes and nodded gently …