Chapter 1451

Su Weimin felt that he was not as happy as he was today when he was promoted to the head of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau and the deputy mayor of Haizhou.

Two years ago, when his daughter was admitted to the National People's Congress, he was particularly gratified and proud. He did not expect that two years later, his daughter would be directly admitted by Harvard and even get an MBA from Harvard Business School with a full scholarship. This was the world's top university and the world's top business school. Throughout the country, how many such talents could be produced in a year?

Even if all of them were added up, it would not be enough.

Although most of this might be due to Li Mu, in essence, it did not affect his daughter at all. His daughter would continue to study at Harvard until she graduated from her MBA. When she graduated, she would be the absolute top elite in any environment in the world. This was a huge leap in social class. From ancient times to the present, the ultimate struggle in the eyes of Hua Xia people was to achieve the leap in social class. Therefore, the opportunity in front of Su Yingxue was really gratifying to Su Weimin.

Fang Min was as gratified and excited as Su Weimin, even more so than him. Fang Min could not help but sigh in her heart. Her daughter had always had her own ideas. Who would have thought that Li Mu would come this far step by step? It was because of her daughter's persistence that her husband, Su Weimin, had made rapid progress in his career. It was also because of her daughter's persistence that her own fate had begun to change dramatically.

At this time, Su Weimin asked Su Yingxue excitedly, "When are you going to come back?

When you come back, you can tell the good news to your grandparents in person, as well as to your grandparents. "

Su Yingxue said, "I can't go back for the time being. Li Mu came to Harvard to see me today. Tomorrow, I will go to Silicon Valley with him. After he finishes his work here, we will go back together. But I don't know when we will go back. It seems that Li Mu has always chartered flights. The time is based on his actual situation. There is a lot of uncertainty."

"Oh …" Su Weimin responded softly and said as if to himself, "Li Mu went to the United States."

At this time, Fang Min covered the microphone of the phone and whispered to Su Weimin, "I'm cooking porridge in the kitchen. Go turn off the fire and get two bowls. Also, take out the steamed buns from the steamer. Be careful not to burn them."

Su Weimin didn't think much about it. He nodded and said, "Okay."

Then, he went straight to the kitchen.

When Fang Min saw Su Weimin enter the kitchen, she picked up her phone, changed the speaker mode to the earpiece mode, and took the phone into the bedroom.

After entering the bedroom and closing the door, Fang Min carefully said to Su Yingxue, "Yingxue, Mom has something to remind you of."

Su Yingxue nodded and said, "Mom, tell me."

Fang Min whispered very seriously, "When you're with Li Mu, remember to take good safety measures. Don't take risks or try your luck. You still have to focus on your studies now. You have to finish your MBA in a safe and steady manner. Do you understand?"

"Ah?"

Su Yingxue didn't react for a moment. She said subconsciously, "Mom, what do you mean? I don't understand."

Fang Min thought that Su Yingxue was playing dumb, so she said, "Don't worry. Your father is in the kitchen, and I'm in the bedroom. He can't hear me. In short, you young people are in a normal relationship. I won't interfere. You can't get pregnant is my only request. Can you promise me that?"

In Fang Min's intuition, she felt that her daughter and Li Mu should have developed to a substantial stage. They had been in the same school before. Later, her daughter went to the United States, and Li Mu went to Harvard to see her more than once. Even at this moment, Li Mu was at Harvard, and it was very likely that he was with her daughter. Moreover, her daughter would go to Silicon Valley with him. Fang Min felt that there was no need to doubt such a close relationship at all.

When Fang Min said the words "can't get pregnant", Su Yingxue understood what her mother meant.

Although there was no one around, Su Yingxue still felt that her cheeks and ears were hot. She wanted to explain to her mother and tell her that she really misunderstood her. But after thinking about it, Su Yingxue still didn't open her mouth.

Her mother's words made Su Yingxue feel that if even her mother thought that she and Li Mu must have made substantial progress, then people in the world who knew that she and Li Mu were in a relationship would probably think so too.

However, the truth of the matter was very different from what they thought. She and Li Mu had been together for a long time, and there were indeed several times when things almost developed to that step, but in the end, they still missed it.

This also made Su Yingxue realize a very important question. It was still the same premise. If even her mother thought that she and Li Mu had reached that step, did it mean that she really should take this step?

Sometimes, Su Yingxue also thought that she and Li Mu had always been intimate with each other with strangeness, and unfamiliar with each other with intimacy, and even with a kind of excessive respect that exceeded the relationship between a couple. The fundamental reason was probably that they had never taken that step …

Just when Su Yingxue couldn't help but let her imagination run wild, Fang Min, who hadn't heard her voice, couldn't help but ask her, "Yingxue, did you hear what I said?

Is it inconvenient to talk now? "

Su Yingxue came back to her senses and hurriedly said, "I heard you, mom. It's not inconvenient. There's no one else around me."

Fang Min asked her again, "Then can you promise me?"

Su Yingxue resisted her shyness and said, "Don't worry, mom. I will pay attention."

Fang Min was relieved and said, "Okay, mom, I won't talk to you anymore. When you arrive in Silicon Valley, give me a call so that I won't worry. When you come back, try to tell me in advance. At the latest, you have to tell me before you get on the plane, so that I can prepare."

Su Yingxue promised and said, "Don't worry, mom. I will report to you in time."

…

After Li Mu returned to his room, he called Lin Ching-ah, who was in Silicon Valley. At present, follow-up communication with Apple was still in progress. At present, everything was going well. The two sides were preparing to sign a framework agreement to further ensure that the acquisition of Apple and the subsequent privatization process would develop in the expected direction.

At the same time, Li Mu received a message from Chen Ze. The content of the message was about the progress of raising funds for the members of the CSC Club.

At present, the equivalent of 2.5 billion US dollars in Renminbi had been raised, and there was a certain amount of redundancy. Chen Ze would launch another 8 billion RMB today. After the fundraising, the actual capital subscription would begin. Once the actual amount of money received reached 2.5 billion US dollars, the money would be transferred to the central bank through the private fund account as collateral for the loan. Then the central bank would release foreign exchange as soon as possible. Once the US dollars were received, the actual operation of acquiring Apple and privatizing Apple could begin.

To actually complete the delisting of Apple from NASDAQ, it would take at least one to two months. However, as long as the major shareholders of Apple signed the transfer of their shares, Li Mu would become the absolute controlling shareholder of Apple, the rest could be settled slowly.

Li Mu was very satisfied with the progress of this matter. As long as he became the absolute controlling shareholder of Apple, he would immediately pull out Apple's iPod R&D team and merge them with Mango's team. He would then fully open up all the technical patents and accumulations of the iPod to Mango. Then, he would officially announce that the iPod would be withdrawn from the market.

As for the iPod's ending, Li Mu had already thought about it. When the time came, he would let Makino return all the iPods that met the requirements. Then, he would send all the iPods and the iPods in stock back to the OEM factory for dismantling. The usable parts would be recycled, and the rest would be destroyed. Then, he would continue to owe the iPod distributors money and the OEM factory fees. This would be the key to controlling them.

In the future, all the iPod distributors around the world would unconditionally become Mango's distributors. Otherwise, they would not be able to settle the payment for their iPods. The OEM factory of the iPod would also have to unconditionally switch to manufacturing Mango-ME2. Otherwise, they would not be able to settle the payment that Apple owed them.

If they wanted the money, they could file a lawsuit in court. Makino Technology would definitely find the best litigator to smooth things over with them. If the court ruled that Makino Technology lost the lawsuit, Makino Technology could also continue to appeal to stall for time. When the time came, at least one or two years would have passed. These distributors and OEM factories would not be able to afford it. Therefore, their only choice was to continue working with Zhang Zian.

As Zhang Zian was thinking about the details of every step, Elon Musk knocked on Li Mu's door.

Li Mu opened the door and invited him in. He asked him politely, "How was your day at Harvard?"

Elon Musk smiled and said, "I didn't stay at Harvard. I ran out as soon as I arrived."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Where did you go?"

"MIT."

Elon Musk said, "I don't have a good impression of Harvard. I always feel that it is a bit too boring here. MIT next door is more interesting."

Elon Musk was not very interested in Harvard. As a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, he was a fanatic who preferred engineering. Although Harvard's comprehensive strength was the best in the world, Harvard's strength in engineering was far inferior to the other Ivy League universities in the United States, especially the MIT and Stanford University next to Harvard.

Therefore, when Elon Musk arrived at Harvard, he knew that Li Mu would not have time to deal with him, so he went alone to MIT, which was not far from Harvard.

Elon Musk said to Li Mu excitedly, "After I went to MIT, I directly asked someone in the school about MIT's electrical laboratory and the related research and development projects that are currently in progress. Then, I found a research and development project done by a student. The direction of research and development is high-efficiency induction motors. I talked with them for the whole afternoon, and I feel that their research and development direction is quite suitable for our electric vehicle project. Moreover, they have a certain amount of accumulation, so I decided to invest 200,000 US dollars first, accounting for 51% of their entire research and development project. After our project starts, we can invite them to join us."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Are MIT students that easy to get rid of?

You can get 51% with 200,000 US dollars? "