Chapter 274

There was almost nothing Song Liang couldn't do in Haizhou. A department like the railway station could be solved with a phone call. Not only could the entire railway station be provided for filming, but even the train used for filming could also be provided.

There was an express train in Haizhou Station. Its daily route was from Haizhou, passing through Jinling and ending at Pengcheng in northern Jiangsu. This train would depart in both directions every morning. The train from the opposite direction would arrive at Haizhou at two o 'clock in the afternoon. After arriving at the station at two o' clock in the afternoon, the train would be parked at the depot until the next morning. The time in between would be completely idle. It could be used to film the scenes of the male and female protagonists on the train, which was very convenient.

They found a suitable barbershop for Ye Tianming in the alley near Li Mu's house. They negotiated with the boss about the rental price of the venue. Ye Tianming's barbershop scenes would be filmed here.

After the venue was basically determined, everyone began to prepare for the filming. Most of the scenes in Haizhou would be filmed in Haizhou No.1 Middle School, so the focus of the early filming was almost all in Haizhou No.1 Middle School.

For the students of Haizhou No.1 Middle School, it was the first time that someone from the school came to shoot a movie. Almost everyone was ready to watch such a novel thing. Before the shooting started, just the arrival of the equipment had already attracted a large number of students. Wherever the staff went, it was basically packed. Li Mu was the director of this movie and a celebrity from Haizhou No.1 Middle School. Therefore, he had the strongest crowd effect. Wherever he went, a large group of people surrounded him.

Later, the school specially notified everyone to cooperate with the crew and not to cause trouble for the senior. Only then did everyone put away their curiosity and completely obey the arrangement of the school leaders and senior Li Mu.

The classroom of Grade One Class Six had been rearranged. Originally, there were more than 70 students in the classroom. In order not to appear too messy on the screen, the students of Class Six, Class Five and Class Seven next door were temporarily redistributed. Ning Hao chose more than 40 students who were more photogenic to stay in the classroom of Class Five. The rest of the students were temporarily squeezed in the classroom of Class Five and Class Seven.

The three classes were different except for the headteacher.

The substitute teachers were all the same, so putting them together wouldn't affect their academic progress.

After the preparations were done, Li Mu contacted Du Wei, while Ning Hao contacted Chen Kun and the other actors who had been booked in Beijing.

The crew paid for the plane tickets for everyone to take that night's flight to Jinling. Filming would officially start the next morning.

What Li Mu didn't expect was that Du Wei would come with Chen Ze. Li Mu quickly called Chen Ze.

Ask him what's going on.

Chen Ze said over the phone, "It was Xiaowei who called me. She made up a lie to her family and said that she was going to attend a music training in another city, but her lie was immediately exposed. In the end, she had no choice but to confess to her family about filming a movie. Her sister called me and asked me to accompany her."

Li Mu asked him curiously, "So, Du Wei's sister has agreed?"

Chen Ze smiled and said, "Sort of, but she still doesn't seem very willing. But Du Wei is rarely so insistent, so she had to agree.

Therefore, she had no choice but to agree. However, she had a request. That was, during these few days when she was filming, I had to accompany her. "

Li Mu said, "Okay, you two can come together. I'll ask Kexuan to pick you two up in Jinling."

Chen Ze and Du Wei bought two first-class plane tickets. They didn't go with the rest of the crew, and the crew didn't know them. So as soon as they got off the plane, they were directly picked up by Zhang Kexuan and the others, along with the four people who had a simple plan.

The six of them drove two cars together and arrived at Haizhou Hotel more than half an hour earlier than the other actors.

Li Mu had just come back from home because he had promised his parents that he wouldn't go home for a few days. The six of them went to Haizhou Hotel.

Li Mu hurried downstairs to welcome them. As soon as Chen Ze saw Li Mu, he sighed repeatedly and said, "Li Mu, Li Mu, you really know how to make trouble. So many things are not enough for you. You actually have time to come here to shoot a movie."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Time is like cleavage.

It's always good to squeeze. "

There was a saying in the future. No one expected that the five men in the National People's Congress in front of them would be so insightful. Even Du Wei, who was standing to one side, couldn't help laughing.

Chen Ze shook his head and said, "I really admire you. You don't care about so many things about Makino Technology. How open-minded are you?"

Li Mu shrugged and said indifferently, "Everything about Makino Technology is going according to the established route. There are no deviations. I don't need to care about anything."

Chen Ze asked, "Aren't you worried about Tencent and NetEase attacking you from both sides?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not worried at all."

Chen Ze was stunned and then nodded gently. Li Mu said it casually. Maybe he really wasn't worried. However, now that the outside world was criticizing Makino Technology and Tieba, Li Mu could still come to shoot the movie so calmly. It shouldn't be because he was desperate. Based on his understanding of him, he must have a way to deal with it now.

At this time, Li Mu said, "The rooms have been booked. Our rooms are all next to each other. You can decide how to allocate them later. I'll stay in the same room with one of our executive producers and on-site directors."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Then I'll stay with Tianming."

Chen Ze said, "I'll stay in my own room. It's not extravagant, is it?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "No, there are many rooms."

Du Wei asked Li Mu, "Brother Li Mu, can I also have my own room?"

Li Mu said, "You must have your own room. I was worried that if you were afraid to live alone, who would accompany you? Our first group of people are girls in costume and makeup."

Du Wei smiled and said, "I prefer to sleep alone."

Li Mu then led everyone into the hotel. After assigning the rooms at the front desk, he was ready to accompany them. Ning Hao happened to come downstairs at this time, so Li Mu called him over and introduced him to everyone. "This is our executive producer and on-site director, Ning Hao."

Everyone nodded to Ning Hao, and Li Mu first introduced Du Wei to Ning Hao. "This is the female lead of our movie, Du Wei."

The moment Ning Hao saw Du Wei, he guessed that she must be the female lead that Li Mu had chosen. Indeed, as Li Mu said, this girl's purity, tranquility, and beauty were something that girls from film schools could not have. Whether it was her appearance or temperament, she was very similar to the female lead of Li Mu's movie. This casting was perfect.

Then Li Mu introduced everyone else to Ning Hao. After getting to know everyone, Li Mu asked him, "What are you going to do downstairs?"

Ning Hao said, "I'm going out to buy two packs of cigarettes."

Li Mu said, "Can't you just call the front desk and ask them to send it to you?"

Ning Hao waved his hand. "Forget it, there are only a few types of cigarettes in the hotel. I don't like them."

Although there were not many types of cigarettes in the hotel, there were still Soft and Hard Yuxi and Soft and Hard Zhonghua, which were the best-selling brands in the country. Li Mu guessed that Ning Hao might not be willing to order the cigarettes in the hotel that were at least 50% higher than the market price, so he went downstairs to buy cigarettes. However, he did not say anything. He gestured to him and said, "You go buy them, I'll send everyone up. Let's talk in the room later."

“OK。”

Half an hour later, Li Mu and Ning Hao were at the door together, welcoming the actors who had just rushed over from Jinling. Among them were Chen Kun and his assistant. The others were students that Li Mu and Ning Hao had interviewed together. Four of them were from Yanjing Film Academy and two were from the Chinese Academy of Drama.

Among these professional actors, the most famous one was Chen Kun. After all, he had starred in an A-list TV series. Among actors of the same age, he was considered relatively lucky. However, he was naturally incomparable to Zhao Wei, who was so lucky that her luck was off the charts.

It was Li Mu's first time seeing Chen Kun in person. Chen Kun looked very young and was dressed very fashionably, but he did not have the airs of a celebrity. Ning Hao introduced Li Mu to him the moment he came up, saying, "This is the director of our movie."

Chen Kun was someone who had just started working in the entertainment industry, so he often paid attention to the news in the media. Therefore, when he saw Li Mu and heard Li Mu's name, he immediately knew who Li Mu was. He was the university student who had been hailed as the darling of the media.

Chen Kun took the initiative to extend his hand. As he shook Li Mu's hand, he said with a smile, "I have heard a lot about you!"

Li Mu also said politely, "Same to you. I watched the 'Like Fog, Like Rain, and Like Wind' play from start to finish."

Actually, Li Mu had not watched a single episode, but he was thick-skinned and had a good mentality. When he lied, his face did not change, and his face was full of sincerity.

Li Mu's words made Chen Kun a little shy. He humbly said to Li Mu, "Actually, my first movie was still very immature. Sorry for making you laugh."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Don't be so polite. Everyone must be tired from the long journey. Let's go back to our rooms and rest first. Tomorrow, we will have a meeting in the hotel conference room to discuss the filming arrangements. Tomorrow afternoon, after the opening ceremony, we will officially start filming."

After everyone was settled, Li Mu and Ning Hao finally heaved a sigh of relief and went back to their rooms to rest.

Chen Kun, who was in his own room, was also preparing to sleep after taking a shower. He wanted to be energetic enough to start work tomorrow. He did not expect his good friend, Zhao Wei, to call him. The moment he picked up, she asked him, "Little Kun, have you arrived in Haizhou?"

Chen Kun smiled and said, "I just arrived. I was just about to sleep."

Zhao Wei asked, "I didn't disturb your rest, did I?"

Chen Kun said, "You don't have to be so polite with me.

Even if I fell asleep and was woken up by you, it's not a big deal. "

Zhao Wei smiled and said, "I know you are the best. My scenes in 'Unparalleled Under the Heavens' are done. I will leave Shanghai tomorrow morning."

"Oh?" Chen Kun said happily, "Then I really have to congratulate you. Go back to Yanjing and rest for a few days!"

Zhao Wei dragged out a long "mm" and then said, "I have nothing to do anyway. Why don't I visit you in Haizhou tomorrow?"

Chen Kun said in surprise, "Tomorrow is the first day of work, and you want to visit me?

Isn't that a little too rushed … "