Chapter 703

For Papa Lee and Li Ma, this was destined to be a sleepless night.

Although the villa's bedroom was extremely luxuriously decorated and the mattress was unimaginably comfortable, the two were still not sleepy. Leaning against the soft and comfortable headboard, Li Ma was still muttering.

"What's wrong with our son? How did he become so capable all of a sudden?"

Li Ma thought she knew her son very well, but now she increasingly felt that her son was constantly beyond her expectations in many aspects.

Papa Lee also said, "To be honest, our son's performance before didn't seem to be particularly outstanding. Until the College Entrance Examination, I was still thinking that if he could perform steadily and get into a first-tier university, I would be very satisfied. I don't know why, but since the College Entrance Examination, he has been progressing rapidly. His weakest subject, English, has been getting a full score. Then he has been writing songs and working on software. It seems that he has been enlightened all of a sudden."

Li Ma asked seriously, "Do you think it was that car accident that enlightened our son?"

"You mean the time before the College Entrance Examination?" Li Ma asked subconsciously.

Papa Lee said, "Which other time? Our son was hit by a car that time!"

Li Ma nodded quickly, thought carefully for a moment, and said, "Now that you mention it, I do have some impression. After he was hit by a car, our son seemed to have grown up a lot. Do you remember that day when Xiaowan invited him to dinner? He was like a smart person."

Papa Lee said with a smile, "Yes, maybe that car accident really enlightened our son."

Li Ma said, "If you put it this way, we still have to thank Xiaowan. If she hadn't hit our son, I don't think he would have been able to get a full score in English, let alone attend the National People's Congress."

Papa Lee said, "You can't really thank her for hitting your son with a car, can you?

Let's talk about this kind of thing in private. Don't tell others. "

Li Ma smiled and said, "I know. I was just kidding."

Papa Lee put his hands under his neck and looked around the large bedroom. He sighed and said, "I've never thought that I would be able to live in a villa in my life. In the end, thanks to my son, I can buy a suite for more than 30 million. Just hearing about it makes my liver tremble."

Li Ma said, "Didn't our son say that the price of this villa can increase several times in ten years? The housing prices in Yan Jing are rising so fast. Buying a house is equivalent to investing."

Papa Lee nodded in agreement. "It's just that I haven't gotten used to it yet, so I'm just sighing with emotion."

Li Ma said, "Go to bed early. Our son has something to do tomorrow. Let's go to the city. I haven't been to Yanjing yet."

"Alright, let's go to the city tomorrow!"

…

The next day, the National Real Estate Industry Summit was held in a five-star hotel in Yan Jing. This was a national industry summit organized by the Real Estate Industry Association. All the famous real estate developers in the country were invited.

The reason why Wanying Real Estate received the invitation was that, on the one hand, they had thrown six pieces of land in the East Third Ring Road in one go, which made them quite famous in the industry. On the other hand, they had the background of Chen Ze, so the Real Estate Industry Association had to give them face.

When they first received the invitation, Wanying Real Estate wasn't very famous. However, in the past few days, Wanying Real Estate's reputation was really too big. After the route map of Beijing Subway Line 10 was confirmed, Wanying Real Estate became one of the real estate companies that benefited the most.

In particular, Wanying Real Estate's few pieces of land in Three Circle Bridge had become the most expensive land in the entire East Third Ring Road. If these few pieces of land were to be developed in depth, Wanying Real Estate would at least be one of the best in Yan Jing.

As the chairman and CEO of Wanying Real Estate, Song Liang was directly invited by the summit. At the same time that Song Liang was invited, Wanying Real Estate was also given three extra seats. These three seats were decided by Wanying Real Estate themselves and did not need to be reported to the summit. Moreover, Li Mu's identity as a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate was not disclosed, nor did he hold any actual position. Therefore, he participated in this summit as an extra seat.

Together with Li Mu and Song Liang, Dufy and Song Liang's assistant, Chen Fang, were also attending this summit.

Right now, Dufy's energy was basically focused on the race track and the club's projects. After Chen Ze told her about the summit, she said that she wanted to come to broaden her horizons. After all, as an architect, this kind of domestic real estate industry summit was very attractive to her. Moreover, her main goal and motivation for returning to China was not to lead the club's related design work, but to focus on the commercial real estate project that Li Mu had originally planned. Although her first commercial real estate project of Wanying Real Estate had not started yet, it was still necessary to understand some of the latest developments in the industry in advance.

Li Mu arranged for his personal assistant, Li Ziwei, to drive over to accompany his parents around Yanjing City while he drove to Wanying Real Estate at nine in the morning.

As soon as he parked his car in the parking lot, he saw Dufy's car drive into the parking lot. The parking lot of the office building was very empty on a Saturday. When Dufy saw Li Mu's car, she directly parked her car next to Li Mu's G55. She got out of the car and greeted Li Mu. She smiled and asked him, "I heard that you brought Uncle and Auntie over?"

Li Mu nodded and smiled, "I brought them to Yanjing for a few days."

Dufy smiled and said, "You don't have time to accompany them. How about I ask Xiaowei to bring them around tomorrow?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "She's a public figure, so it's not appropriate. I've already arranged for my assistant to accompany her."

Dufy nodded and the two of them went upstairs to Song Liang's office. It was still early to sign in before eleven o 'clock. Moreover, the hotel where the summit was held was not far from the company. Therefore, the three of them decided to leave after ten o' clock. Therefore, they drank tea and chatted for a while.

While chatting, Dufy asked Li Mu, "I heard from Chen Ze two days ago that you're planning to start a commercial center project in Sanlitun?"

Li Mu said, "It was decided before I went home. Now that the company has mortgaged six pieces of land for seven billion yuan, the new project can be started at any time. However, I'm currently waiting for Old Chen's research on the commercial land in Sanlitun. We'll meet here next Monday. Do you want to participate?"

Dufy immediately said happily, "If you allow me to participate, I definitely have no objections!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "If you're interested, you can participate at any time."

Dufy couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "If this project is really going to start, can I be in charge of the design?"

Li Mu and Song Liang looked at each other and smiled. Song Liang smiled and said, "You're the chief designer of Wanying Group. If I don't let you be in charge of it, do you think I'll have to find an outsourcing design team?"

Dufy raised her brows and asked the two of them, "Do you guys trust me for such a big project?"

Li Mu said, "Of course I trust you. However, I have to remind you that I'm a picky person. If your design doesn't satisfy me, I'll definitely make you change it until I'm satisfied."

Dufy nodded with a smile and said, "I know you're picky, but don't worry, I'm confident that you'll be satisfied!"

Li Mu nodded slightly and said, "Although the project still needs a long time from planning to starting, I think you can start building a professional design team in Wanying Group now. In the future, our commercial real estate projects need to be standardized. Whether it's the overall architectural design, the interior design, or even the signage of the shopping malls, we need to have a unified standard. In the future, every commercial real estate project we start must meet our standards and have our own characteristics. We can allow each project to have its own characteristics in the overall exterior design, but the interior design must be strictly unified. We must allow the consumers to have the same experience no matter which shopping mall we choose."

Dufy smiled and said, "That's not a problem. I'll start building the design team next Monday. Before the location is confirmed, I won't think about the architectural design for now. I'll lead the team to come up with a few overall interior design solutions."

Li Mu nodded. Although Dufy wasn't old, she was indeed very professional in this area. The location and area hadn't been decided yet, so there was no need to consider any architectural design issues. The overall interior design solution was a set of completely universal standards. The meaning of this standard was that no matter what kind of architectural design was used, the standard itself would be applicable to the interior design, so this work could be done first.

The three of them chatted until ten o 'clock. Song Liang saw that it was about time, so he called Chen Fang and asked him to inform the driver to wait downstairs. Then he said to Li Mu and Dufy, "I've asked Chen Fang to prepare a business car. The three of us can go together."

Li Mu and Dufy naturally didn't have any objections. They didn't bring their assistants, and Song Liang was the only person from Wanying Real Estate who was invited by the organizer of this summit. They had to follow Song Liang to successfully sign in and participate, so it was best for them to go with him.

This time, the real estate industry summit was jointly organized by the Real Estate Association and Yanjing City Construction Group, which was ranked number one in Beijing. It was said that this kind of national real estate summit was born in 2000. Every time it was held, the Real Estate Association and a well-known real estate company would work together. The first two were held in Shanghai and Shenzhen respectively. These two cities were the bridgeheads of the real estate development in Hua Xia.

The official meeting time for this summit was Saturday afternoon and the whole day of Sunday. However, the conference required all the invited guests to sign in before eleven o 'clock in the morning. After that, there would be a meeting arranged by the organizer. After the meeting, the summit would officially begin.

When the four of them arrived at the venue in the business car, it was ten forty in the morning. Most of the participants had already signed in, so even though the four of them came late, their signing in was very smooth. Song Liang showed his identity card and also signed in Li Mu, Dufy, and Chen Fang.

Active local practitioners like Song Liang and Li Mu could arrive at the venue before eleven o 'clock, but many guests from other places had already signed in and checked in yesterday afternoon. Li Mu couldn't help but think of Wei Lan. He didn't know if Wei Lan would participate in this summit. If she did, she would probably have arrived in Beijing yesterday.