Chapter 1396

After the premiere, a large number of reviews for Zombie-master appeared on the internet at midnight.

Most of the reviews were very positive. The North American netizens who had seen the movie felt that it was an excellent comedy and light thriller film. It was not scary, and it did not try to convey any values or philosophies to the audience. It was a drama film through and through, a drama film that was extremely loyal to the plot. The director did not mix in anything personal, which made the film look exceptionally pure.

Other than that, the netizens who had seen the film discussed the setting of the zombies, ghosts, and the Taoist priest. Almost every reader felt that these settings were particularly interesting and worth understanding. Moreover, after watching the movie, it would be even more interesting to play the Hua Xia version of Plants vs Zombies Online.

In the North American market, a movie ticket was only around 5-8 USD. For the North American people, watching a movie was considered the cheapest form of entertainment. Therefore, in their eyes, the price of the ticket was nothing compared to a movie that was related to the game they played every day, and was filled with an exotic culture.

It was precisely because of these positive reasons that Zombie-master was able to soar in the box office.

The next morning in North America, as the movie was released across the entire North American market, a wave of zombies swept across!

Zombie-master was officially released in nearly two thousand cinemas across North America. From the first screening in the morning, the occupancy rate was over 80%!

The North American audience was deeply affected by Plants vs Zombies Online. They flocked to the cinemas in droves to watch this eighteen year old Hong Kong movie, and they enjoyed it very much.

At noon, Lucas received the latest box office results.

From the premiere at midnight to 12: 30 in the afternoon, Zombie-master had grossed a total of 6.33 million in the United States, of which 4.7 million was sold through the Mu Ying ticketing system, which accounted for more than 70% of the total box office. It had greatly exceeded the expectations of the cinemas.

And this was just the beginning.

At 1: 30 in the afternoon, YY released a push notification in North America, with the title: Zombie-master Wins Praise from North American Audiences!

The post briefly described the popularity of the midnight premiere, as well as the views of the audience and netizens on the movie. The editor also specially took screenshots of many of the more representative movies.

In addition to recommending the movie, there was also a small lottery ticket event in the second half of the push.

The general content of the event was as follows: From now on, anyone who purchased a movie ticket for "Zombie-Master" through Shadow Mudra's ticketing system would have a 100% chance to enjoy a 1-100% discount on the ticket price. The discount amount would be displayed upon payment confirmation, and then the discount amount would be refunded to the user through PayPal. In other words, a five-dollar movie ticket could be purchased through Shadow Mudra's ticketing system, and the maximum discount was five dollars. If the user was lucky enough to enjoy a 100% discount, they could watch the movie for free.

Li Mu asked the technical department to come up with a set of algorithms, and he was willing to refund an additional 10% of the transaction value to the user. Therefore, most of the users had to keep the discount below 5%, and a small number of users could enjoy a discount of more than 5%, or even 100%.

In addition to the discount, Shadow Mudra's ticketing system also launched a lottery event. From now on, 1,000 users who purchased a movie ticket for "Zombie-Master" would be randomly selected to receive 100 YY virtual coins. At the same time, another 10 people would be randomly selected to receive a luxurious 15-day tour of Hua Xia's mainland, Hong Kong, and Macau worth 6,000 US dollars. Based on the current exchange rate and the consumption level in China, a 15-day tour worth 6,000 US dollars was indeed very luxurious.

This notification was already a great temptation for North American users. They couldn't wait to watch the movie from Hua Xia, which was about Hua Xia's zombies. Coupled with the few events launched by Shadow Mudra's ticketing system, the users' willingness to watch the movie and buy tickets through Shadow Mudra's ticketing system was even greater.

Not only was there a discount for a few dollars per movie, but there was also a chance to win various prizes. Most players were currently playing "Paradise Town" and "Plants vs. Will Online", and a considerable number of North American users were paying YY virtual coins. Therefore, a 100 YY virtual coin was very attractive to them. The attraction of a 15-day tour of Hua Xia was even greater. Spending money to watch a movie and having a chance to win a grand prize was a first in the entire North American film industry.

Li Mu didn't care about the cost at all. The copyright of "Mr. Zombie" was cheap, and he had already made a lot of money from selling the screening rights to TV stations in China. Now, even if he only got a share of 1% of the total box office in North America, it would still be a net profit. Therefore, he was willing to use more of his profits as a rebate to stimulate the movie to achieve better results in the North American market.

Therefore, as soon as the unprecedented promotion was announced, Shadow Mudra's ticketing system immediately welcomed an extremely hot ticket booking craze. In less than an hour, all the movie tickets for the day were sold out on Shadow Mudra's ticketing system, increasing the box office revenue by 11.8 million US dollars.

Therefore, before three o'clock in the afternoon, the North American box office for "Zombie-Master" was released. It was a total of 18.5 million US dollars!

The entire North American film industry went crazy!

These industry insiders who had been in the industry for many years never thought that a foreign film from 1985 could earn such a high box office in North America on its first day. It was simply unbelievable.

What was even more amazing was that the combination of YY + Shadow Mudra's ticketing system had such a strong impact on the box office market. The record of selling out all the movie tickets in such a short period of time stunned the Hollywood film companies and all the cinema owners in North America.

What made them even more dumbfounded was that movie tickets could actually be sold like this?!

Random discounts and random lucky draws, which had only become popular in the e-commerce industry after 2010, were used by Li Mu now, and the effect was simply instant killing.

Moreover, this kind of operation could not be imitated by other cinema chains even if they wanted to. This was because they did not have an animal husbandry ticketing system, nor did they have an online system. The so-called random discounts and random lucky draws would also lose their coverage and credibility. Therefore, only Li Mu could play this game!

The most frightening thing was actually Li Mu's current influence in the North American film market. His YY users had completely covered all the netizens in the United States. His information dissemination ability was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end. Moreover, the information related to the movie would immediately land in another product, which was Shadow Mudra's ticketing system.

It used an article to arouse the audience's interest in a movie, and then immediately threw a link in the article to the user. While the user's interest was at its peak, they could directly click on the link to choose the cinema, time, seat, and buy the tickets in advance. Then, they could rush to the cinema before the movie was shown and pick up the tickets from the self-service ticketing machine. The whole experience was just like moving clouds and flowing water.

Harvey Weinstein, who was famous in the American film industry, wrote on his blog: "The degree of control that Makino Technology has over the North American audience and the North American box office has reached an unprecedented level. The whole process is like the YY of Makino Technology grabbing your mouth and then pouring a strong laxative and cold water into your mouth. The moment you immediately have the urge to poop, Shadow Mudra's ticketing system will move the toilet in front of you, and at the same time, hand you tissues and newspapers!

What I mean is, the ticketing system of Shadow Leopard doesn't take you to the toilet. Instead, it moves the toilet directly in front of you so that you can take off your pants in the shortest time possible. This kind of service is unrivaled in the film industry … "

Although Harvey Weinstein's words were a little rude, everyone in the film industry deeply agreed with him. The subversion brought about by the technological revolution was too great. They did not have the ability to force users to eat strong laxatives, nor did they have the ability to move the toilet in front of the users. Even if they had the ability, they could only force a small number of users to eat strong laxatives and solve the toilet problem for a small number of users. On the other hand, Makino Technology could provide such a "considerate service" to hundreds of millions or even billions of netizens around the world at the same time. The gap was big enough to swallow everything.

Interestingly, Li Mu had now "monopolized" this combination. First of all, based on the current situation in the United States, it was impossible for there to be a second YY, let alone any software that could replace YY. Its importance to the Americans was like the importance of QQ to the people of Hua Xia before the introduction of WeChat. It was irreplaceable. Therefore, no other company had the ability to force users to drink strong laxatives like YY.

Secondly, he had already registered all the patents for "Shadow Mudra's ticketing system." If anyone in the United States wanted to do online ticketing, it would be impossible for them to break through Li Mu's patent barrier. Therefore, if they wanted to create an online ticketing system, they would have to face huge compensation. Even if the other party wanted to make money from infringement first, then settle the lawsuit later, it would not affect Shadow Mudra's ticketing system. This was because Shadow Mudra's ticketing system was backed by YY. Without the support of YY, other online ticketing platforms would have a hard time in the current competitive situation.

With the advantage of this combination, Makino Technology used "Zombie-Master" to expand its influence in the North American film market!

Before YY and Shadow Mudra's ticketing system took effect, the overall occupancy rate of "Zombie-Master" was maintained at around 88%. After YY and Shadow Mudra's ticketing system took effect, the occupancy rate of all subsequent screenings was an astonishing 100%!

When the theater owners found out that all of the seats for "Zombie-Master" had been sold out, they were overjoyed. After all, "Zombie-Master" gave them an extra 20% of the box office revenue, and the occupancy rate was as high as 100%. This allowed them to earn almost double the amount of money they had previously earned.

Take a small theater with six screening halls and a thousand seats for example. If 500 seats were used to screen other films, the occupancy rate would be around 60%, and the ticket price would be 5 US $5. Therefore, the total box office for one screening would be 500 x 60% x 5, which was 1,500 US $. If they took 30% of the box office, they could make a profit of 450 US $per screening.

The remaining 500 seats were given to "Zombie-Master." The occupancy rate was 100%, and the same ticket price was 5 US $5. After one screening, the total box office was 500 x 100% x 5, which was more than 2,500 US $. Since their share of the box office had increased from 30% to 50%, the 500 seats would bring them 1,250 US $per screening.

Compared to 450 US $, 1,250 US $was almost triple, or even triple!

Realizing this, the theater owners immediately began to increase the number of screenings for tomorrow's and the subsequent screenings of "Zombie-Master." They wanted to allocate as many screenings as possible to "Zombie-Master".