Chapter 716

Seeing that Wei Lan finally agreed, Li Mu's bad taste was greatly satisfied.

He said to Wei Lan, "All right, let's stop drinking here tonight. Let's go back while you're still conscious, lest you forget what happened tonight and misunderstand me tomorrow."

Wei Lan made a decision and didn't think about it anymore. She nodded and said, "You're the host and I'm the guest. I'll listen to you."

Li Mu found the beautiful manager and asked her to put the bill on the bill. He also asked if Fatty Wang was there. Knowing that Fatty Wang didn't come today, Li Mu didn't have to say goodbye to him and directly left with Wei Lan.

Wei Lan was dizzy. Seeing that Li Mu also drank some alcohol, she couldn't help but ask him, "Can you drive after drinking?

How about you don't drive and let the people in your shop arrange a substitute driver for you? "

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, there's a substitute driver outside."

The two of them left SugarClub. Li Mu took out his phone and called Wang Yuanlang. Wang Yuanlang appeared out of nowhere and took the keys from Li Mu's hand. He opened the door and got into the driver's seat.

Li Mu and Wei Lan sat in the back, but Li Mu deliberately kept a suitable distance from her. He put down the middle armrest to make sure that their bodies didn't touch, then he took out his phone and called Chen Ze.

After picking up the phone, Li Mu asked Chen Ze to help him make an appointment with Old Zhou, who handled the leveraged loan for Wanying Real Estate. Chen Ze curiously asked Li Mu, "Why are you looking for Old Zhou?

I heard Brother Liang say that you want to interfere with Juncheng Real Estate. Don't tell me it's because of this? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's it."

Chen Ze said, "You need a mortgage for a loan. Brother, we used six pieces of land for a loan of seven billion. How do you want to get another billion from the bank?"

Li Mu said, "Don't ask so many questions first. Make an appointment with Old Zhou to meet at Wan Ying. But before that, the three of us need to meet up first. I'll discuss the specifics with you guys."

Chen Ze said, "I'm OK anytime. You can ask Brother Liang."

"Alright."

Li Mu said, "I'll give him a call. After setting a time with him, make an appointment with Old Zhou and ask him to come ten minutes later."

“OK。”

Li Mu then called Song Liang and said to him as soon as he got up, "Brother Liang, I've thought of a solution. It's about Juncheng Real Estate. When are you free? You, me, and Old Chen, let's meet and talk."

Song Liang exclaimed, "No way!

Do you really want to get involved in this mess? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "If the method works, then this is not treading on muddy water, but a good thing."

Song Liang asked curiously, "What good idea did you come up with?

Tell me about it. "

Li Mu said, "It's meaningless to talk about it now. Tell me a time first, and we'll talk about it when we meet."

Song Liang couldn't wait to say, "Then tomorrow morning!"

Li Mu asked, "You're not going to attend the summit?"

"There are all kinds of speeches after that. It's boring. I've already pretended to be cool. Who the f * ck wants to listen to their bragging?"

Li Mu said, "Alright, see you at the company tomorrow morning at nine o 'clock."

Li Mu made an appointment with Song Liang and Chen Ze. Chen Ze also made an appointment with Old Zhou from the bank at 9: 10.

Wei Lan listened to Li Mu's constant calls and felt a little comforted. No matter what, Li Mu was really trying to solve the problem. This made her feel very touched.

Wang Yuanlang drove the car back to Ziyun Villa, and Li Mu brought Wei Lan into the villa.

As soon as they entered the living room, Li Mu said to her, "Other than the two master bedrooms upstairs, the other bedrooms are empty. You can find one to rest first."

Wei Lan was indeed a little dizzy, and the alcohol was getting worse. She nodded and asked Li Mu, "Uncle and Auntie are asleep, right?

How are you going to explain it to them tomorrow? "

Li Mu said, "Just tell them that you're the original owner of the house and also my friend. You came to Yanjing to do something. After you're done, I'll invite you to stay at my house for a few days."

Wei Lan nodded and asked him, "You're not going to rest?"

Li Mu said, "I have something on my mind. I need to write it down quickly. It would be funny if I forget it when I wake up tomorrow."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Then I'll go rest. I'm very dizzy."

Li Mu told her, "Lock the door. I drink and sleep. I sleepwalk at night."

Wei Lan knew that Li Mu was joking with her. She smiled and said with concern, "I know. Don't be too late."

"Okay, hurry up and go."

Wei Lan walked up to the second floor with ease. She renovated the house herself, so she knew every detail better than Li Mu. The two master bedrooms were on the south side of the second floor, and there were two guest bedrooms opposite. Wei Lan chose one of them. After a simple wash, she laid on the bed she bought herself, and her heart was filled with emotions.

Wei Lan had two villas under her name. One was in Shanghai, and the other was the one she sold to Li Mu. She rarely lived in the former. When she was in Shanghai, she lived with her parents most of the time. She had never lived in the latter. Compared to Shanghai, Wei Lan preferred Yanjing. That was why she spent a lot of money to buy this villa and then spent a lot of effort and money to renovate it. However, she didn't expect that her plans couldn't keep up with the changes. She didn't even live in her favorite house for a day before it was sold. She originally thought that she was destined to not have fate with this house, but she didn't expect that she would be invited to live in by the current owner, Li Mu. That was why she sighed in her heart. Whether it was fate or coincidence, life was like this. It was full of thorns and unknowns.

As her thoughts ran wild, the effects of alcohol became more and more obvious. Wei Lan didn't even know when her thoughts suddenly broke off from her body. Later, she fell into a deep sleep and didn't know anything.

Downstairs, Li Mu sorted out the inspirations in his mind today. He used a drawing software to make a simple mind map. After he was done, he went upstairs to rest. Before going to bed, he deliberately set an alarm clock and got up at 7: 30 in the morning.

The next morning, Papa Lee and Li Ma got up at about six o 'clock and did their morning exercises by the lake in Ziyun Villa. When Li Mu got up, his parents had already come back from their morning exercise and had prepared breakfast in the dining room downstairs. At 7: 30, Li Mu got up and washed up under the urging of the alarm clock. Ten minutes later, he pushed the door open. Just as he opened the door, Wei Lan, who was dressed neatly and washed up, also opened the door opposite. When she saw Li Mu through a gap, she hurriedly asked him in a low voice, "Are Uncle and Auntie here?"

Li Mu said, "I don't know. They should be downstairs." As he spoke, he asked Wei Lan curiously, "Why did you get up so early?"

Wei Lan said, "Every morning, I wake up with the alarm clock at seven o 'clock. After I got up, I didn't hear anything, so I was too embarrassed to come out."

Li Mu nodded and asked Wei Lan to go downstairs with him. At first, Wei Lan was a little embarrassed. After all, she had come last night. If she had come openly today, she probably wouldn't have been so embarrassed and reserved.

However, since she had already stayed in the villa for one night, Wei Lan knew that she had to face it. So, she went downstairs with Li Mu. Coincidentally, Li Ma had prepared breakfast and wanted to wake up Li Mu. As soon as she walked out of the dining room, she saw Li Mu walking over with a beautiful woman. She was immediately shocked.

Li Mu truthfully introduced Wei Lan to his parents and also said that he had invited Wei Lan to stay at his home for a few days. When Papa Lee and Li Ma heard that this was their son's friend and the original owner of the house, they immediately let out a sigh of relief.

After breakfast, Li Mu left Wei Lan at home to accompany his parents. He drove straight to Wanying Real Estate. On the way, Li Mu went over the whole plan in his mind again. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that the chance of success was very high. If he really succeeded in this matter, not only would he be helping Wei Lan, but it would also be a great promotion for Wanying Real Estate.

…

In Song Liang's office, Li Mu arrived 20 minutes early, but he was the last one to arrive.

As soon as he entered, he was surrounded by Song Liang and Chen Ze. Both of them were very curious about how Li Mu was going to help Juncheng Real Estate get through this crisis.

Li Mu said, "I've reached a preliminary agreement with Wei Lan. Wanying Real Estate will buy 80% of her shares in Juncheng Real Estate at a valuation of one billion yuan. The payment will be made in three years. At the same time, during these three years, she will join Wanying Real Estate and work for Wanying Real Estate."

Song Liang said, "Since you think so highly of her, then I naturally welcome her to join Wanying Real Estate. However, Little Mu, buying Juncheng Real Estate at a valuation of one billion yuan sounds like a good deal, but this has to be based on the foundation that it can be saved. If it can't be saved, then we'll have to give her 800 million yuan for nothing in three years."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Since I said that, I definitely have the confidence to save it."

Chen Ze said, "It's easy to save it. Throw three billion yuan into it for three years. As long as it lasts until the case is closed, it'll be fine. The key is, where will the money come from?"

Li Mu asked him, "Old Zhou will be here soon, right?

“

"Soon."

Chen Ze nodded and asked him, "Don't tell me you want Old Zhou to conjure up three billion yuan for you?

This is very difficult to do. Three billion yuan isn't a small amount. If you get it from the bank empty-handed, it'll be more or less troublesome. "

Li Mu said, "Only the bank can take out three billion yuan, but I definitely won't let Old Zhou give me three billion yuan for nothing. I still have some brains."

Chen Ze said impatiently, "Can you not keep me in suspense? Tell me your solution first."

"I won't." Li Mu snorted and said, "Let's first talk about how much profit we can make by buying Juncheng Real Estate's production."

Chen Ze asked him, "How much is the net worth of Juncheng Real Estate?"

Li Mu said, "2.5 to 2.8 billion yuan."

Song Liang, who was at the side, said, "After deducting the interest of the loan for two to three years, it shouldn't be a problem to have around two billion yuan left. Although I don't know how you're going to get the loan, Juncheng Real Estate's assets have been seized, so there's no way to use it as collateral."

Li Mu said helplessly, "You two think I'm an idiot. Of course I know that Juncheng Real Estate's assets can't be used as collateral."

As he said that, Li Mu waved his hand. "Let's continue talking about serious matters!

First of all, we don't need to pay any actual costs to acquire Juncheng Real Estate now. Three years later, we just need to pay Weilan 800 million yuan. Do you agree with this? "

Both of them nodded.

Li Mu continued, "Secondly, if we save Juncheng Real Estate and liquidate all of its assets, we'll have around two billion yuan. After deducting the 800 million yuan we'll give to Weilan and the cost of getting back the remaining 20% of the shares, we'll have around one billion yuan of guaranteed profit. This is our hard work, and we have no qualms about taking it. When the time comes, this money will be directly counted as Wanying's profit. Just treat it as a benefit from me to the company. You don't need to thank me.

Song Liang and Chen Ze looked at each other. Chen Ze smiled and said, "Brother Liang, did you see that? She's very confident."

Li Mu smiled. "Lastly, Weilan is very sensitive when it comes to real estate. She's a top student and has gone through systematic training. She has a solid foundation. If we're said to be unorthodox people in the real estate industry, then she's an academic in the real estate industry. Her overall level is definitely much higher than the three of us. I've always been worried that I won't have much time to invest in Wanying in the future. If she joins us, it'll be equivalent to having an additional layer of protection."

Song Liang nodded. "I've heard of Weilan's reputation. She's indeed not simple. If she's willing to join us, it'll naturally be a good thing. But let's talk about Juncheng Real Estate. Little Mu, are you really that confident that you can save it?"

Li Mu said, "I'm confident that I can get three billion yuan. Once I get three billion yuan, the rest is just a matter of time."

Chen Ze said, "Old Zhou will be here soon. I'm waiting to see how you're going to pry three billion yuan out of his mouth. To be honest, I don't think I have the ability to make him take out three billion yuan directly."

As they spoke, the receptionist knocked on the door and sent Old Zhou in.

As soon as Old Zhou entered, he hurriedly greeted them one by one. Chen Ze specially introduced Li Mu and Old Zhou to each other. He told Old Zhou that Li Mu was a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate and the founder of a series of companies like Makino Technology, Taobao, and Alipay. Just the title alone was enough to scare Old Zhou.

Old Zhou was a senior executive of one of the four major banks in Beijing. Logically speaking, Chen Ze could even have a higher relationship with the banking system, but under normal circumstances, Old Zhou was more than enough.

After the introductions, Li Mu asked Old Zhou, "Director Zhou, if I take out a mortgage loan of three billion yuan, with a three-year time limit and a lump sum repayment after three years, what's the approximate annual interest rate?"

Old Zhou thought about it and said, "If the mortgaged assets and business conditions are good, the annual interest rate will be around 6%. Three billion for three years, the annual interest rate will be 180 million, so three years will be 540 million."

Chen Ze and Song Liang's hearts sank. If the mortgaged assets and business conditions were good, the annual interest rate would still be around 6%. Moreover, just the interest alone would cost 540 million, which was a little too high.

Li Mu's expression didn't change. He asked him again, "What's the interest rate for the three-year bonds that the central bank is releasing now?"

Old Zhou said, "This year, a total of hundreds of billions of bonds have been released. The latest batch of three-year bonds has an annual interest rate of 2.42%. The bonds don't have to deduct 20% interest tax, so the actual interest rate is around 2.7% for the banks."

Li Mu asked him, "Are they selling well?"

Old Zhou smiled and said, "They're all sold out every round. A lot of them are bought by internal staff and family members of the banks. Not many of them are sold to the public. Many citizens have to stay up all night to buy them."