Chapter 706

When he arrived at the venue, Li Mu knew how grand the summit was.

The main banquet hall, which was at least several thousand square meters, was completely emptied. A huge stage was built in front of it. The background and lighting effects of the stage were comparable to the press conferences of the big brands that Li Mu had seen in his previous life. The first three rows of tables and chairs were matched with nameplates, and there were at least 60 designated seats with names. The back rows were arranged according to the scale of 20 seats per row, and there were 30 or 40 rows in one go. The hundreds of seats were almost full at this moment.

On both sides of the banquet hall, there was a beautiful etiquette lady standing one meter apart. There were also waiters carrying all kinds of drinks. Although the summit hadn't started yet, it was already noisy. If it weren't for the seat number on Li Mu's chest, it would not be easy for him to find Song Liang and the others among so many people.

Li Mu found his corresponding seat according to the number on his chest as if he was watching a concert. Song Liang, Dufy, and Chen Fang were already sitting here. Li Mu's seat was just between Song Liang and Dufy.

As soon as Li Mu sat down, Song Liang asked him, "Your girlfriend's uncle should have been promoted, right?

I think Secretary Liu of the Construction Committee brought him alone to attend the meeting this time. "

Li Mu shrugged and said, "I'm not very clear, so I didn't ask in detail."

Then, Li Mu took out Weilan's business card and handed it to Song Liang. He asked him, "Do you know anything about Juncheng Real Estate?"

Song Liang took the business card and looked at it. He said in surprise, "Damn, Weilan!

Do you know her? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Kind of. I've seen her twice." Then, Li Mu asked again, "Do you know her?"

Song Liang said with a smile, "No, I just know her. Weilan is very famous in Shanghai. Jinling is not far from Shanghai. It's a large area. When I was with Tianming's father in Jinling, I went to Shanghai with him several times to communicate with local real estate developers. Tianming's father wanted to enter Shanghai at that time, but he couldn't find a suitable entry point. He wanted to cooperate with Juncheng Real Estate, but Juncheng Real Estate didn't like him. We talked several times at that time, and Weilan was there once."

Then, Song Liang said, "Weilan is a very beautiful woman and is very famous in the business circle of Shanghai. Juncheng Real Estate was founded by her father. She joined as soon as she graduated and has made a lot of achievements. There are too many people who covet her in Shanghai. Even Tianming once had a crush on her."

Li Mu was stunned and said, "There is such a thing?"

"Why would I lie to you?"

Song Liang handed the business card back to Li Mu and said, "This woman is very powerful. There are countless people chasing after her, but it seems that no one has succeeded. However, her family has been in trouble recently. I heard that her father is involved in a corruption case. Someone wants to destroy Juncheng Real Estate. Weilan is looking for help everywhere. She even took out 50% of the shares as a binding reward, but no real estate developer in Huadong is willing to help."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows and said, "Is it that serious?"

Song Liang nodded and said, "Three large buildings are about to be built and are sealed. The repayment period of billions of bank loans is approaching. The risk is relatively high. What's more, the one who wants to mess with her family is the Lanke Group. Lanke is one of the top companies in Huadong Real Estate. Who would take such a big risk to offend Lanke for her?"

It was the first time for Li Mu to hear that the court had sealed the entire company's construction. This game was really too ruthless. Thinking about it, he felt a chill on his back. Even the development of the land, billions of funds were thrown into it, and they were waiting for the opening of the market to recoup the cost. At this time, being sealed by the court was simply asking for death. It could be seen that although the real estate industry was very profitable, the risk was also frighteningly large. For a small real estate company, if they wanted to become big, they had to put all their bets on it. There were also countless wolves and tigers staring at them from behind, looking for opportunities to pounce on them at any time. Therefore, many real estate companies took huge risks when betting on big projects.

If it weren't for you and Chen Ze, I wouldn't dare to come to Yan Jing to develop. If it weren't for you and Chen Ze, I wouldn't dare to come to Yan Jing to develop. This time, if it weren't for Chen Ze and you behind Wanying Group, we would have become the fat meat in the eyes of the local real estate tycoons in Yan Jing. If the public security organ, the people's procuratorate and the people's court found an excuse to seize us for a year, and no one in the world dared to lend us money, then we would also be dragged to death by bank loans. "

Li Mu sighed and said, "I'm afraid that if I stay in this industry for a few more years, my whole person will be distorted."

Song Liang said with a smile, "With you and Chen Ze behind Wanying, I feel much more relaxed. Otherwise, I don't know if it's a blessing or a curse."

After Wei Lan and Xiao Chenfeng entered the banquet hall together, Xiao Chenfeng said goodbye to her temporarily. He was the organizer, so this time, his seat was at the front. As for Wei Lan, as an invited guest from other places, and the strength of her company had not reached the top of the industry, she was arranged to be in the hundreds of seats at the back like Li Mu and most of the others. Li Mu saw Wei Lan walking to the back from the aisle opposite to him. Song Liang also saw her and sighed, "I haven't seen you for a few years, Wei Lan is even more beautiful than before."

Li Mu shrugged and found that not only him and Song Liang, but almost all the men were staring at Xiang Weilan's figure. It was no wonder that a beauty of 26 or 27 years old was probably the most popular age in society. For people of the same age, it was naturally just right. For older people, it was a fruit that had just ripened. For younger people, it belonged to the category of "young women". Especially for a woman like Xiang Weilan, who could be called a stunning beauty, she could at least be popular from 18 to 68 years old.

Soon, the seats in the hall were basically full. A beautiful host from Yanjing Satellite TV in a red gown appeared on the stage. She first thanked all the guests on behalf of the organizer, and then briefly introduced the meaning and purpose of this summit. After that, she raised her voice and said, "Next, please give a round of applause to Mr. Xiao Jianbang, chairman of Yanjing Urban Construction Group and president of Yanjing Real Estate Association, who will give the opening speech for this summit!"

Xiao Jianbang was very famous in Yanjing. The huge real estate empire controlled by Yanjing Urban Construction Group, which had a market value of tens of billions of yuan. He was the natural host of this summit, so it was also the most appropriate for him to give the opening speech.

Xiao Jianbang was not very old. He was in his early fifties. For a businessman, it was the golden period when his energy, experience, and connections were at the peak of his life. Not only that, Li Mu found that Xiao Jianbang was also very eloquent. His speech was very infectious. Although he was not as good as Boss Ma in Hangzhou City, compared with most successful businessmen, his speech level was top-notch.

During Xiao Jianbang's opening speech, there were more than a dozen applause. After Xiao Jianbang's eloquent and impassioned opening speech, he invited the deputy secretary of the municipal party committee to give a speech on the stage, followed by Secretary Liu of the construction committee.

After the leaders of the city finished their short speeches, the representative of Yanjing Real Estate Association also went on the stage to give a speech. To Li Mu's surprise, Mr. Xiao, whom he met outside and knew Wei Lan, also went on the stage to give a speech on behalf of Yanjing Real Estate Association.

At this time, Li Mu also knew the background of this Mr. Xiao. Xiao Chenfeng, the general manager of the Urban Construction Group, the executive director of the Real Estate Association, and Xiao Jianbang's eldest son.

As the saying goes, like father, like son. Xiao Chenfeng was in the prime of his life, but his speech and spirit had already reached 80% of his father's. Combined with his outstanding appearance, it also caused a big sensation at the scene.

After Xiao Chenfeng finished his speech, it was already 12: 30 pm. The host went on the stage and announced that the lunch would start immediately. Everyone moved to the banquet hall next door, where the lunch had already been prepared for the guests.

When everyone walked to the banquet hall next door, Song Liang said to Li Mu, "Later, there will probably be a lot of real estate businessmen from Yanjing coming over to say hello. Do you want to be low-key or high-key?"

Li Mu asked him with a smile, "What is low-key and what is high-key?"

Song Liang said, "I definitely don't have a choice. The real estate companies that are interested in our land will probably come over first to get familiar with us. If you want to be low-key, then I won't introduce you at that time. If you want to be high-key, then I will properly publicize for them. You are not only a shareholder of Wanying Real Estate, but also the founder of Makino Technology. Moreover, you are the absolute major shareholder of 75% of Makino Technology's shares. In terms of net worth, you are much higher than most of the people here today."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I'd better be low-key. Anyway, I came here today to play."

Song Liang advised, "Since you are already here, there is no harm in being high-key. Instead, it will make more people look at Wanying Real Estate in a different light. Now, many people only know about Chen Ze and don't know enough about you."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "No, I don't want to have too much contact with people in this circle."

…

Because the Urban Construction Group took out the entire dining and banquet part of the entire hotel for this summit, the doors between the banquet hall next door and the main banquet hall were all opened. The people sitting in the back were closer to the banquet hall. When Li Mu and Song Liang arrived at the banquet hall next door, most of the people had already found their seats and sat down.

The conference was similar to a wedding banquet in the hotel. Each table had ten people, but it was also arranged according to the seat number. This time, on the table, there was a small name plate in front of each seat, with the name of the company written on it. Li Mu and the other three found their seats according to their seat number, and the name plate of the four seats was placed with the words "Wanying Real Estate".

As soon as he sat down, Li Mu heard someone behind him say hello to him, "Li Mu, what a coincidence!"

Li Mu turned his head and saw Wei Lan sitting at the table not far behind him. Li Mu waved at her in response, but found that the person sitting next to her was particularly familiar. At the moment, the person was also looking at him with a strange look. Li Mu took a closer look. Wasn't the person sitting next to Wei Lan Huang Jinli from the Hongzhu Group, who had been extorted by him?