Chapter 843

Li Mu drove Zhao Ziqiu's family's Benz S-class and followed Zhao Xianliang's Rolls-Royce to his company.

Zhao Xianliang's company was called Zhongliang Trading Group. It sounded like a trading company that bought and sold things at a profit, but unexpectedly, this company actually owned a huge complex of buildings in the suburbs of Hangzhou.

The entire Zhongliang Trading Group had two twelve-story office buildings on the left and right, and these two high-rise office buildings were connected to a six-story building, which could accommodate at least thousands of people working here.

As the chairman of Zhongliang Trading Group, Zhao Xianliang had an exclusive floor here, and even had his own exclusive elevator. Just his office alone had an actual area of more than 100 meters, which could be said to be extremely extravagant. This also made Li Mu truly realize the biggest difference between physical entrepreneurs and internet entrepreneurs. The former was the real rich, and they had piles of real gold and platinum around them. The latter was like him, who could only be considered Mr. Numbers, and was very fake.

Because he had walked through Zhao Xianliang's special passage all the way until he sat in Zhao Xianliang's office, Li Mu still couldn't really see the size of the company's staff. He only secretly calculated in his heart that with such a huge office space, it wasn't much at all to cram 5,000 people in. The average office space of an internet company was no more than five square meters. If he used that density to calculate, it could basically fit half of Zhongguancun.

At this time, Zhao Ziqiu followed her mother, Xie Yun, to her office. The two women did this to give the two men space to talk about their careers in private. Zhao Xianliang took out two bottles of imported bubble water from the fridge in his office and handed one to Li Mu. He asked him, "How many people do you think are permanently working in this headquarters?"

Li Mu said, "Looking at this scale, at least a few thousand people, right?"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "More than 500 people."

After hearing this, Li Mu's eyeballs almost fell out. "More than 500 people?

Then two or three levels should be enough, right? "

Zhao Xianliang nodded. "Yes, if it's a proper arrangement, three floors are enough. However, the entire Zhongliang Trading Group has tens of thousands of employees nationwide, but most of them are scattered all over the country."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang briefly introduced, "Most of Zhongliang Trading Group's business is coal and steel. In terms of coal, we have our own investments or shares in coal mines, coal preparation plants, and power plants built by coal mines. At the same time, we have also invested in electrolytic aluminum production companies. In terms of steel, we have also invested in some private steel mills and iron mines. At the same time, we also do iron ore imports."

Li Mu was speechless. He didn't know much about the scale of Zhao Xianliang's business before. It was only today that he found out that the industry he was engaged in was so huge, and it was all related to energy and steel.

However, Li Mu was also surprised. Hangzhou wasn't a resource-based city. Why would there be an energy and steel industry group like Zhongliang Trading Group?

According to Li Mu's rough understanding of Hua Xia's economy, most of Hua Xia's coal industry and steel industry were concentrated in the north. The south occupied a relatively small amount because his family was engaged in the coal industry. Li Mu knew that there were almost no large coal mines south of the Yangtze River. Most of the coal was concentrated in the north, and a small amount was concentrated in the southwest. Both the number of coal mines and coal reserves in East China were very low.

Moreover, the steel industry was the same. East China only had one Baosteel, and in Shanghai, Hangzhou Steel was pitifully small. Its proportion in the entire Hua Xia's steel industry was negligible.

Therefore, on the whole, a company like Zhongliang Trading Group should appear in North China instead of here.

Zhao Xianliang seemed to see his doubts and said with a smile, "You must want to ask me why I put Zhongliang Trading Group in Hangzhou, right?"

Li Mu said, "You must have your reasons for doing this. I don't know much about the physical industry, so I don't dare to make wild guesses."

Zhao Xianliang said with a smile, "Actually, to put it bluntly, it's just a trick."

As he spoke, Zhao Xianliang continued, "I don't have any special feelings for Hangzhou, and I have to take root here. It's because of many objective reasons."

"First of all, I put the relationship I have in Hangzhou here. Hangzhou is the entire Zhejiang Province, so it will be much more convenient for me to do things."

"Secondly, an enterprise like Zhongliang is very common in the north, but it is very rare in Hangzhou. Although Zhongliang's industry is spread all over the country, except for the business tax of local enterprises, which is declared locally, all the taxes related to trade are declared from Hangzhou. For the Hangzhou municipal government, Zhongliang Trading Group is a rare energy enterprise and a big taxpayer, so it's very easy to operate all kinds of preferential policies."

"Apart from these two points, the remaining thing is that the mother and daughter prefer Hangzhou. I also think that Hangzhou is more livable. Staying here is much more comfortable than living in the north."

Li Mu nodded. It seemed that Zhao Xianliang was operating Hangzhou like a headquarters.

Zhao Xianliang then said, "Take this headquarters for example. It was originally designed and built to accommodate 10,000 people. The land was approved by the Hangzhou municipal government at a very low price as a preferential policy. That price is basically equivalent to free compared to the actual value.

Although there are only a few hundred people working in the headquarters, Zhongliang Trading Group does have over 10,000 employees. If I build the headquarters on this scale, no one would dare to say anything. "

"Moreover, if this place is built and placed here, as the land price continues to increase, its value will also continue to increase.

Coal and steel were two very complicated industries. The industries changed rapidly, and there was no guarantee of what would happen in the future.

However, no matter what, this is a real estate with an extremely low cost and a lot of room for growth. If I have no way to retreat in the future, just this headquarters alone is enough for me to give Ziqiu and her daughter a lifetime of peace. "

Li Mu admired Zhao Xianliang quite a lot. It was not easy to do a physical industry well. The entire process was focused on asset development. Whether it was industry risk or policy risk, it was very big. To be able to achieve such a scale in this kind of industry was already very impressive. More importantly, his thinking was especially agile and thorough. He could be prepared for danger in times of peace.

Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but remind Li Mu, saying, "Now that your Taobao website is so valued by the government, you should also try to fight for some favorable resources from the Yanjing municipal government. It is best to build the headquarters on a piece of land first. In Yanjing, a city where every inch of land is worth gold, a piece of land plus an office building will probably be a billion-level asset in the future. Take advantage of the fact that there are few domestic Internet companies emerging now, and you are the only one. Quickly fight for some resources and hoard them."

Li Mu nodded and said, "You are right. I originally wanted to take time to communicate with the Yanjing municipal government to see if they can solve a batch of Yanjing settlement targets for my two main companies. After listening to you, I understand that my appetite is really too small …"

Zhao Xianliang smiled and said, "You must have a big appetite. No matter whether it is delicious or not, eat it first."

"Don't think that you are cheating and occupying the country's resources. As a company with goals, ideals, and ambitions, you should get the support of the government and use the government's support to develop the company better. This is a mutual benefit and cooperation between the company and the government. If you don't think of a way to fight for it, a lot of other companies will fight for it, and even cheat for the government's support."

Li Mu agreed and said, "That's true. More and more companies rely on government subsidies to survive."

Zhao Xianliang said, "This kind of thing is too common. The development of every company needs enough resources to support it. Why is the concept of high-tech so popular?

Isn't it because if you get involved in it, you can make the local government look up to you, and then you can apply for more favorable resources?

You now have two Internet companies, both of which are the top in the country. Make use of the reputation of these two companies, find more local governments, communicate more with them, and cry more. If the local government can approve a piece of land for your two companies, you can turn to the bank and use a little bit of your relationship to get a loan. Then you can find a suitable construction company to help you build the office building. Children who cry get milk. The more they eat, the faster they grow. Don't forget this. "

Li Mu was really inspired after seeing Zhao Xianliang's headquarters and listening to his words. After all, Zhao Xianliang was a businessman for 20 years. Zhao Xianliang's business experience was much better than his, and the experience he taught was indeed very practical. Li Mu had a plan to build an office building for a long time. The reason why he hadn't started it was that the cost of land acquisition and construction of the office building was too high if the office building was for his own use, and it would take up too much cash flow. But after Zhao Xianliang's reminder, Li Mu realized that there was a way to build an office building without spending money, but he hadn't studied it in depth.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Zhao Xianliang gratefully, "Thank you for your reminder, Uncle Zhao. After I go back this time, I will think of a way to communicate with the Yanjing municipal government and try to apply for a piece of land for each of our companies to build the headquarters first."

Zhao Xianliang looked like he was worth teaching. He nodded lightly and said, "The Internet industry is developing fast, but the faster the development, the bigger the bubble. Although I don't know much about the Internet, I can imagine that most of your manpower and material resources are focused on developing virtual products. Hundreds of people work in front of computers for a few months, and millions of dollars are invested in exchange for some virtual products on the Internet. It's fine if the product has a market, but what if it doesn't?

With so much investment, won't you be left with a pile of computers in the end? "

Li Mu listened and nodded repeatedly. "You are right. Our money and energy have become virtual data on the Internet. If the product fails, these virtual data will become worthless. Some Internet companies have invested tens of millions or even more in it, but after a period of bankruptcy and liquidation, they can't even calculate a few hundred thousand."