Chapter 921

Li Mu's words had indeed caused a huge uproar in the audience.

Beijing's housing prices would rise to 100,000 yuan per square meter?

Oh my god, many people's first reaction was: Impossible!

Especially those students of the National People's Congress who claimed to know a lot about economics. They wished that more than half of them were studying economics. In their opinion, Beijing's housing prices were already too high. How could it continue to rise?

It was not in line with the market rules!

Even if there was some room for growth in the future, to say that it would rise to 100,000 yuan per square meter within ten years was simply unimaginable!

However, there were people who firmly believed in Li Mu's words. There was no other reason than that it was Li Mu who said it!

Even people like Su Yingxue, who were very opinionated, immediately made up their minds after listening to Li Mu's roundabout talk about housing prices. She would take some time to communicate with her parents. She would take advantage of the fact that Beijing's housing prices were not too outrageous to buy a house in Beijing with a loan.

Without a doubt, Su Yingxue was one of the people who understood Li Mu the most. She realized that the fundamental purpose of Li Mu's tonight might not be to give a speech or to promote universal values or his successful experience as a jack of all trades. He brought out Heinrich Schliemann and told a true story from more than a hundred years ago. It was very likely that he wanted to lay the groundwork for the housing prices.

Su Yingxue's guess was right. Li Mu really thought so.

For Li Mu, the school asked him to give a speech. What should he talk about?

How did he succeed?

It was meaningless. No one could replicate his success, and he couldn't talk about it. If he really talked about his successful experience, then he would definitely become a jack of all trades to fool people.

In his previous life, Li Mu had seen many so-called "great people" who liked to teach others. They would give speeches in various public occasions and share their so-called successful experiences with young people. It was simply another kind of show off event. These people either said that success was easy to get, or they talked too much about themselves, but they didn't really have any useful successful experiences.

A certain boss was once one of them. He said that he didn't like money, that he regretted starting his own business, that he missed the time when he was a teacher, and that his biggest wish was to help small and medium-sized enterprises make money. He often told young people how he was, but he never said what he should do to succeed. Even if he did say it, it was mostly about hard work and struggle.

A certain Teacher Luo was the same. When he was in the audience, he wished he could scold all the actors. Then, one day, he suddenly became an actor and came out to tell the audience that he did it for some bullsh * t "sentiment". Then, he stood on the stage and shouted, "How much is the price of XX phone? I'm your grandson!"

In less than two days, the actual pricing made the whole world hear this teacher's unspoken words: "Grandpas, hurry up and buy it!"

How valuable and practical could the successful experiences shared by such a person be?

There was a huge question mark in Li Mu's heart.

Li Mu didn't have the hobby of teaching others. He also knew that he was a person with a heaven-defying BUG. He didn't have any widely applicable successful experiences. Therefore, the only thing he could do was to give everyone some inspiration, so that the post-80s generation could have the courage to believe in miracles in this rapidly changing era.

In Li Mu's view, this generation of post-80s was said to be the pride of the era, but in fact, it was a large wave of people who were sacrificed by the era.

Before they entered university, they grew up alone as the only child.

After they entered university, they faced the dilemma of their parents being laid off, rising prices, and the gradual erosion of their academic environment by money.

After they graduated, they would also face a huge wave of employment difficulties.

After they finally found a job and worked hard for a few years to settle down, they would become a victim of the rapid rise in housing prices. They would gradually become mortgage slaves and carry heavy debts for decades.

After they got married and had children, their children's school enrollment, household registration, and school district housing policies would become another mountain in front of them.

In the future, they would have to support their children until they graduated from university. Before they could relax, the couple would have to start a family for their children. At the same time, they would have to bear the burden of providing for four elderly people.

These were the huge problems that the post-80s generation had experienced, were experiencing, or were going to experience. However, most of the post-80s generation were always slow to realize it. They were only ruthlessly destroyed by the reality when it came to the last minute. What they lacked was the mindset of "believing in miracles."

Not to mention anything else, just a house in a first-tier city would become the lifelong goal of the post-80s generation.

However, the post-80s generation had no idea how the housing prices in first-tier cities would enter a stage of rapid growth in the future.

If one were to randomly interview these highly educated geniuses in universities in Beijing and ask them, "Do you think the housing prices in Beijing will continue to rise?"

It was believed that most of the well-read and so-called geniuses would come up with all kinds of theories to tell you, "The average price of housing in Beijing is already 15,000 yuan. Don't worry, it will definitely not rise anymore!"

However, just when the post-80s generation felt that the housing prices would not rise anymore, compared to them, the coal bosses from Jin Province who were born in the post-50s and the post-60s generation who did not go to school rushed into the real estate market in Beijing with large amounts of cash. They used the most simple and crude method to speculate in real estate in advance. There were many coal bosses who bought half of the newly opened real estate in Beijing in one go, and this was still a small number. There were even some coal bosses who rushed in in groups and wanted to buy the entire real estate in one go.

In the end, the value of these coal bosses from the post-50s and the post-60s generation and real estate speculators skyrocketed. Almost all of them who had worked hard for half of their lives to buy the high prices were educated people from the post-80s generation. Why?

Therefore, in Li Mu's opinion, there was a group of people in this era who always believed in miracles, especially when it came to housing prices. Those who believed in miracles earlier would be more likely to be inspired. Those who believed in miracles later would be cutting their own flesh and feeding it to the group of people who believed in miracles earlier.

And among them, the last to realize this were the people from the post-80s generation.

Today, Li Mu stood on the podium of the National People's Congress. He could not give these brothers and sisters the true direction of success. The only "benefit" he could give them was to persuade them to believe in miracles.

In this era, almost everyone, including real estate developers, real estate speculators, and coal bosses, knew that the housing prices in first-tier cities would inevitably skyrocket. Why were only the people from the post-80s generation still in the dark, waiting for the housing prices to stabilize, or even waiting for the housing prices to fall?

If Li Mu said these words here today, he might be scolded by the economic experts, or the students and teachers in the audience might think that he was just trying to scare them. However, it did not matter. Li Mu felt that this was the only thing he could do for them. Brothers and sisters, this was the only thing he could do for them.

Instead of advising them to study more and work harder, it would be better to advise them to buy a house in Beijing first. Otherwise, even if they graduated from university, master's, or even doctorate, wouldn't they still have to save money from their monthly salary for rent and pay it to those illiterate real estate speculators?

Wouldn't they still be chased out of the shared rental house in the middle of the night by those unscrupulous agents?

Wouldn't they still have to walk on the streets of Beijing in the middle of the night, crying and cursing, saying things like "I love Beijing, but Beijing doesn't love me" and other loser's mantra?

To be honest, this situation was too f * cking miserable for Li Mu!

These huge problems would not only trouble the brothers and sisters in the audience in the future, but even he, who was forced to live a bitter life in his previous life. In his previous life, he often asked himself, "Say, you have studied for so many years, but why can't you understand some problems better than your brother who is frying youtiao downstairs?"

"My brother has been frying youtiao for more than ten years and got two houses in Beijing. You have studied for more than ten years, but you can't even afford the down payment for your first house. Most importantly, he still says that you are a god's favored one and a pillar of society. How ironic is the reality?"

Back then, when Hui Longguan was still barren, Li Mu accompanied the manager to look at the house. The house price was less than three or four thousand yuan, and the down payment for two large houses was only fifty thousand yuan. If his relatives and friends pooled the money together, and he lived frugally at work, it would be very easy to gather the down payment. However, at that time, Li Mu still felt that it was better to sell this shabby place to the Japanese in the suburbs of Haizhou.

He wouldn't buy it even if he had to pay thirty thousand yuan for the down payment.

In the end, three years later, the house price rose to the point that Li Mu couldn't even gather half of the down payment. He gradually realized that he was stupid back then, and could only swallow the bitterness into his stomach. He comforted himself, "Hey, I didn't have the money back then anyway, so I couldn't buy it even if I wanted to."

However, there was a childhood friend who borrowed tens of thousands of yuan to pay the down payment in Hui Longguan and bought a large house with three large houses. The average price was three thousand yuan when he bought it, and in 2016, it was already more than fifty thousand yuan per square meter.

How could he comfort himself?

At that time, when he borrowed money everywhere to buy a house, when he lent him five thousand yuan, he thought that he was retarded and was trying to impress others. But in the end?

Only he knew how bitter and regretful he was.

Therefore, Li Mu now felt that he could go to hell with giving a speech!

As a person who was lucky enough to be blessed by God, today, I will use my little influence to give you some real benefits!

If you believe and do it, not ten years later, you will realize the importance of believing in miracles in three to five years, and at the same time, you will be glad that you took this step early. If you don't believe, you will realize the seriousness of the problem in three to five years, and then it will be too late to catch up. If you don't believe, then there is nothing I can do. To save people, you have to be willing to let you save them.

But then again, after today, as long as there is one person who believes in it, one person who does it, and actually benefits from it, his words will not be in vain. It is much better than those who have hundreds of billions in their pockets but tell young people on stage that they don't love money.

After Li Mu said what he wanted to say, he walked to the center of the stage, bowed, and went down. As soon as he went backstage, the phone in his pocket rang wildly. It was Liu Shixiong. When he picked up, Liu Shixiong said on the other side of the phone, "Li Mu, I was too impulsive tonight …"

Li Mu asked him with a smile, "You were there?"

This speech was not a live broadcast. If Liu Shixiong was not there, it was impossible for him to know the news so quickly, and the timing was so good.

Liu Shixiong said, "I just came back today. I came straight after I got off the plane. I was afraid that I would disturb you, so I didn't tell you in advance."

As he said that, Liu Shixiong said, "The matter of housing prices is too sensitive. I'm afraid that you will cause some trouble for yourself by saying this."

Li Mu smiled and said, "It's nothing more than a bold prediction. At most, a few so-called experts will jump out and scold me."

Elder Martial Brother Liu said, "Sigh, this is very troublesome. That group of people just won't let go."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Liu Shixiong, I am also a pillar of society. Why would I be afraid of those people? Besides, I have YY net and Tieba in my hands. Isn't scolding me courting death?"

Liu Shixiong smiled helplessly, "That's true. I think they will definitely be afraid of your influence. At most, they will not point out your name and refute a few words."

Li Mu said, "Where are you?

Do you still want to watch the performance later? "

Senior Brother Liu said, "What are you looking at? I'm just here to see you act tough, but in the end, you're speaking the truth blindly."