Chapter 1818

When the Volvo production line arrived in Beijing and was being reorganized, the Land Rover production line in the UK also started the first phase of relocation.

At the same time, Makino Aurora's first concept car was being assembled on the production line, and production was in full swing.

Most of the time, concept cars were not mass-produced. Even if they were mass-produced, the mass-produced cars were far inferior to the concept cars.

However, Li Mu was going to let Aurora produce a mass-produced version of the car as a concept car and introduce it to the market through the press conference.

Everyone knew that he had acquired Volvo, Land Rover, and Jaguar. However, the world was generally not optimistic about his car production.

This was because most of the businessmen and brands that tried to cross over to other industries could not escape the fate of failure. Most of them even disappeared immediately after making a splash.

Western countries were full of disdain for Hua Xia's car manufacturing industry. When they learned that Li Mu was going to build a car, most of them were pessimistic.

The Western media and people were generally sour grapes. They felt as if their own family had been in a slump for years, and they had given their children to someone else to raise. It was sour and bitter.

Therefore, they did not think that Li Mu could be good at cars. After all, almost all of his industries were closely related to the Internet. No one believed that he would be able to maintain his lead in other fields even if he left the Internet.

However, Li Mu was going to use a car model that would shock the world. He was going to let the world know that he was not only good at the Internet, but that he could also build a car.

The concept version of the Land Rover Aurora, which had both internal and external features, was all high-end. It had a 3.0T engine, a 6AT transmission, an XC60 chassis, and a four-wheel drive system. Volvo's various active and passive safety features were also available.

The interior of the car was made of matte solid wood. The interior was basically the same as the new Benz C Series. It was matched with a number of ambient light strips. The luxury of the car was even better than the current million-dollar SUVs.

Since the technology of the entire car was ready-made, the chassis platform was also ready-made. Therefore, they only needed to redesign and produce a set of interior and exterior components. This kind of production would not take too long.

More than a month later, four different color Auroras were driven out of Volvo's new production line.

The four cars were pure white, pure black, blue and white, and orange and black.

From Li Mu's point of view, the four vehicles didn't look much different from the Land Rover Aurora. Overall, they were slightly bigger than the Aurora. They didn't look as refined as the Aurora, but they looked more imposing than the Aurora. They looked like a sports version of the Range Rover, but not as exaggerated as the Range Rover.

At the same time, when he opened the car door, he saw a rich Benz interior. It looked extremely luxurious, and there was basically no sense of plastic. Other than the chrome-plated buttons and knobs, there were also black leather and solid wood interior panels.

When he started the car, the roar of the V6 engine was very pleasing to the ears.

Volvo's 3.0T engine wasn't that great, but the overall parameters were passable.

As for the gearbox, it was a 6-speed automatic purchased from ZF, which could be regarded as a very advanced and high-end automatic gearbox nowadays.

Volvo's four-wheel drive system wasn't very strong, but the Aurora itself wasn't an off-road car, so the requirements for the four-wheel drive system weren't that high. Therefore, the system was enough.

Li Mu tested the car and felt that it was very good. It looked good, and it was easy to drive. There was no excessive emphasis on power or control. In short, the mechanical parts were very balanced, and the exterior and interior were superb. Overall, it was definitely an excellent car.

However, although an LCD screen was installed, it could only display the logo and animation of the car when it was turned on. The specific control functions couldn't be implemented yet, because it was impossible to immediately develop a human-computer interaction system in such a short period of time.

Even so, the car's completion rate was quite high.

Li Mu planned to release this car in September, but at the end of August, he had already announced to the world that Muye Motors would release its first concept car in early September.

When the news came out, the whole world was shocked.

It had only been about two months, and the concept car was going to be launched?

This speed was a little too frightening.

Generally speaking, for a car model, the exterior design might not be finalized in two months.

However, all these rules didn't apply to Li Mu. He had too many car exterior and interior design plans in his mind. He just needed to pick two of the best ones, and he would soon be able to realize the production of a physical car.

While the world was surprised, they were not optimistic about Li Mu's concept car at all. Many automotive media even predicted that this would be a terrible launch. When the time came, Muye Motors would launch a terrible car that couldn't be mass-produced. Although Li Mu had a superhuman talent in the field of the Internet, he would definitely taste a complete failure in the automotive field.

There were also many media that wanted to dig deeper into this concept car and expose some of its elements to the public in advance. However, Muye Motors was too secretive. Everyone racked their brains, but they only knew that the concept car that Muye Motors was going to release this time was an SUV. As for the rest, they didn't know.

Just like that, the entire world was filled with curiosity and anticipation as they waited for the Makino Motors concept car launch conference.

September 1st.

Muye Motors announced its global ambassadors. They were Du Wei, who was popular because of "Flying Tigers" and three classic English songs, and Leonardo DiCaprio, who was at the peak of his looks.

Du Wei was now very famous all over the world. Her three songs were still on the charts. The most terrifying song, "Rollingthe"

The most terrifying song, "Rolling the Deep", was even number one on many charts for two months in a row.

As for Leonardo, he was definitely a big shot in Hollywood and had great influence.

Muye Motors directly signed these two ambassadors as soon as it launched, and suddenly set its tone extraordinarily high.

Some Western automotive media even said that Muye Motors hadn't built a car that could run, but it had already signed two superstars as ambassadors. They really should be worried about whether Muye Motors had a reliable car for these two people to endorse.

Li Mu didn't care about these comments.

Anyway, it was an established fact that Western countries looked down on Hua Xia's automobile manufacturing industry, and he had nothing to refute.

At this time, instead of arguing with them, it was better to not say a word and wait for the concept car to be launched.

On September 9th, Muye Motors held the launch conference of Muye Motors' first concept car in the conference hall of the Yan Jing International Exhibition Hall.

Before the launch, all four Muye Auroras were parked on the stage of the conference, and at the same time, they were covered with pure black cloth.

There were nearly two thousand people invited to the scene.

Most of them were media reporters, automobile industry colleagues, car fans, and some leaders who were very concerned about Muye Motors.

After the guests took their seats, no one could see what the four cars looked like.

Many people even wanted to go up to the front and lift the black cloth to have a look.

However, because the on-site staff were very responsible, they didn't let anyone near the four cars.

At three o 'clock in the afternoon, the launch officially began.

This time, there was no host, only Li Mu himself to announce and explain the car model.

When Li Mu, dressed in a black suit, walked onto the stage, the audience burst into thunderous applause.

Although foreign countries were not optimistic about Muye Motors, the domestic people still had high expectations for it.

There had been no big moves in the domestic passenger car industry. This time, Li Mu had acquired three well-known foreign brands in one go, so he should be able to come up with something new.

After the applause, Li Mu bowed slightly to the audience and said with a smile, "Thank you all for coming here to witness the release of the first concept car of Muye Motors, a newly established company.

"Before the model is announced, I would like to talk to you about our specific strategic plan.

"As you all know, I acquired three car brands some time ago. These three brands are currently moving their production lines to Hua Xia. They are all part of Muye Motors and become the three sub-brands of Muye Motors.

"At the same time, we also announced the establishment of Muye Motors, a domestic independent brand. Muye Motors is a sub-brand of Muye Motors, parallel to the other three brands in the structure of Muye Motors.

"Since we have fully acquired these three brands, we will integrate the technologies of these three brands in the future.

"In other words, in the future, you may enjoy Volvo's safety technology, Land Rover's four-wheel drive and off-road technology, and Jaguar's luxury and technology among all the brands under Muye Motors.

"At the same time, we have also invested in Tesla Motors, founded by Elon Musk. In the future, Tesla Motors will also move to Hua Xia and have in-depth cooperation with Muye Motors. The two sides will jointly complete the research and development and production of new energy vehicles and gasoline-electric hybrid models.

"In the next three years, Muye Automobile Group will develop into a diversified automobile group that will develop, design, produce, and sell multiple brands and models of passenger cars.

"Therefore, I hope that everyone can continue to pay attention to Muye Motors. In the future, we will continue to introduce more and better models, as well as more and more updated car technologies."

At this point, Li Mu turned around and smiled at the four Muye Auroras behind him. "Next, I will solemnly introduce to everyone the first concept car of Muye Motors under Muye Motors, the Muye Auroras!"

After that, the lights in the venue instantly went dark, and the spotlights shone on the four cars that were tightly covered by the hood.

Immediately afterward, the hood was removed by the staff at the same time. When everyone saw the four Muye Auroras of different colors and angles, the whole audience was shocked!