Chapter 501

Baidu's biggest dream now was to take over the Easy Listening website and then add a new MP3 search engine on the basis of the engine. However, if they could not take over the Easy Listening website, it would be too time-consuming and laborious to make their own MP3 search engine. After all, most of the users who listened to and downloaded MP3 players gathered on the Easy Listening website. Moreover, the Easy Listening website did a good job in satisfying the users' vertical needs. Once users wanted to listen to and download songs, they would open it directly. They would not open Baidu at all.

Although Baidu occupied the majority of the market share in the domestic search engine market in the future, they did not have the chance to get involved in some vertical areas. For example, online shopping. When a user wanted to buy a piece of clothing, he would subconsciously open Taobao and directly search for clothes in Taobao. Very few people would use it. This was because Taobao had a deep understanding of online shopping. Baidu was not competitive.

It was the same for the music industry. Even if they launched their own MP3 search engine, it would be difficult for them to catch up because Li Mu started nearly a year earlier than them. The only good solution was to integrate the Easy Listening website.

Tan Yaocheng's mission today was to find a way to persuade Li Mu and use various conditions to entice Li Mu to sell the Easy Listening website's shares. However, he did not expect Li Mu's nose to be sharper than a dog's. Baidu had just heard about the rise of the MP3 market, and Li Mu had already done an industry analysis and competitive analysis.

Tan Yaocheng was helpless, but he still gritted his teeth and tried to persuade Li Mu. "You can only keep the Easy Listening website now. It's very difficult for it to be converted into cash quickly. However, if you sell it to Baidu, you can cash out tens of millions or even hundreds of millions in a short period of time. This is a real benefit."

Li Mu said, "Old Tan, where did you hear all these rumors? Who told you that I can only keep the Easy Listening website?

To tell you the truth, not only am I not going to give up on the Easy Listening website, but I'm also going to take advantage of the current opportunity to make some big moves. "

As he spoke, Li Mu took out the prototype of Mango's MP3 player from his pocket. He had brought it with him to meet Tan Yaocheng today.

Li Mu handed the MangoMP3 player to Tan Yaocheng and said, "Look at this."

Tan Yaocheng took the Mango MP3 and asked in surprise, "Is this an MP3 player?"

Li Mu nodded.

Tan Yaocheng asked in confusion, "Why are you showing me this?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Look at the back."

Tan Yaocheng flipped over the MangoMP3 curiously and took a closer look at the line of words on the back. He almost vomited blood on the spot.

"Yi Ting Net custom-made machine?"

Tan Yaocheng stared at Li Mu, dumbfounded. "You've started playing with hardware?!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "No, no. I just want to take advantage of the rise of the MP3 market and the increase in sales of MP3 players. It's a good opportunity to get involved and increase the reputation of the Easy Listening website.

Tan Yaocheng was shocked and could not help but say, "I really can't see through you. Are you going to sell this MP3 player yourself?"

Li Mu said noncommittally, "The influence of hardware is very strong."

Tan Yaocheng looked at the MP3 player in his hand carefully and said in surprise, "This player is very beautiful. It's much better than the ones on the market. Mango, which brand is it from?"

Li Mu smiled and said calmly, "Mine."

"What?" Tan Yaocheng's eyes almost popped out. "This brand is yours?

What's going on? You've started your own hardware brand? "

Li Mu didn't want to reveal his hardware layout, so he waved his hand and said, "This is all for the Easy Listening Network. I have already ordered 100,000 units of this machine from the OEM factory. They will start selling next month. At that time, the Easy Listening Network's reputation will rise to another level."

Tan Yaocheng looked at Li Mu and did not move for a long time. After a long time, he sighed and said, "Brother, when are you going to make a search engine?"

Li Mu asked him, "What's wrong?"

Tan Yaocheng said with a sad face, "Other than the search engine, you guys have already dabbled in almost everything else. You have to give us a way out!"

Li Mu said, "Don't worry, I'm not interested in search engines."

Tan Yaocheng asked, "What about MP3 players?

Are you really going to do this thankless thing?

You must know that searching for, listening to, and downloading MP3 players is basically not profitable … "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'm not short of money now, so I don't need some projects to be profitable. I'll just keep them for now."

Tan Yaocheng panicked and said, "We've been working together for so long. Shouldn't you at least give us a chance?

MP3 players are too important to us now. If you're not satisfied with my offer, we can talk about it in detail. I'll definitely make you satisfied. "

Li Mu said, "Old Tan, it's not appropriate to keep rejecting you. How about this? I'll make a suggestion. The customized MP3 players from Easy Listening website will arrive next month. At that time, we'll estimate the price for Easy Listening website based on the sales of this batch of customized Easy Listening players. However, I don't want you to pay. You can use Baidu's shares to exchange with me."

Tan Yaocheng hurriedly asked Li Mu, "If Baidu uses its shares to exchange for all your Easy Listening shares, are you willing?"

"Yes, I'm 100% willing."

Li Mu smiled and said, "As long as you give me a satisfactory proposal, I definitely won't refuse."

Tan Yaocheng immediately said, "Then I'll discuss it with Li Zong tonight and ask him to give you a replacement plan as soon as possible."

Li Mu said, "Don't worry. You can give me a plan after my customized MP3 players are released."

Tan Yaocheng saw Li Mu's shrewd and calculative look and could only nod. He asked Li Mu, "What channel are you going to use to sell this batch of MP3 players?

The most important test of hardware sales should be the sales channel. "

Li Mu saw Tan Yaocheng's doubts and nodded. "We found a new channel to sell."

Tan Yaocheng continued, "New channel?

Is it competitive with those old brands with complete channels? "

Li Mu smiled mysteriously. "I can't be sure whether it will succeed or not. We can only see the actual situation when the time comes."

Li Mu could roughly guess a part of Baidu's current situation. As the number of netizens increased and their understanding of the Internet deepened, search engines began to become an indispensable part of most users' surfing the Internet. Baidu's current trend was definitely becoming more and more clear. However, for them, it was clear, but it was not a breakthrough. If they could integrate Easy Listening's MP3 business, it would be a great boost to Baidu.

Initially, Li Mu did not intend to sell Easy Listening's shares too early. That was because he had previously considered selling it to Baidu bit by bit and exchanging the shares for money. Therefore, he needed three years to sell the shares bit by bit. Only then could he sell the shares in his hands at a good price. However, if Baidu was willing to exchange its shares for Easy Listening, he would be happy to do so.

Easy Listening's future was like a child with a congenital defect. Its development prospects could not be compared to Baidu's. However, while Baidu was not that strong and Baidu's demand for Easy Listening had reached the point of hunger, he could exchange Easy Listening's shares for a certain proportion of Baidu's shares as soon as possible. Not only did he not need to care about Easy Listening's future, but he would also become a shareholder of Baidu. When Baidu's future was listed on Nasdaq, it would be another huge fortune.

How much Easy Listening could exchange for Baidu's shares, or how much Baidu was willing to exchange for Easy Listening's shares, depended entirely on what height Easy Listening could reach in the next step. If Easy Listening's customized MangoMP3 was a great success, Easy Listening's value would be even higher. Li Mu estimated that he would have to exchange at least 6.6% of Easy Listening's shares for Baidu's shares. Now that Baidu's valuation was not very high, this exchange ratio could be said to be more realistic. If Baidu's demand for Easy Listening became more urgent, they would probably be willing to sacrifice more.

…

In a four-star hotel in Zhongguancun, Liu Xuebin, the former deputy director of Tengxun's QQ business department, had just finished meeting with Xin Lang for the whole day. He dragged his slightly tired body back to the hotel and began to report the progress of the day's negotiations to the former employees of Tengxun in the group.

"The situation with Xin Lang is that they have already developed a 1.0 product, but due to the appearance of Makino Technology's YY, they decided to develop a 2.0 version before releasing it. Otherwise, the 1.0 product will not be competitive with YY at all. Therefore, after we came over, we directly merged with their original development team and developed the new version together."

Everyone had basically guessed the situation that Xin Lang was facing in terms of instant messaging. They must have been affected by YY, so they were preparing to form a large team to develop it again. Everyone was concerned about what kind of treatment they could receive, so they asked in the group chat.

Liu Xuebin said, "As for the salary, they're willing to give you a coefficient of 1.3. You can use your bank account for the next six months as the reference to determine the actual salary you'll receive after taxes. After you join Xin Lang, you'll be able to get 1.3 times your salary after taxes."

The moment this salary was released, it immediately caused a commotion in the group chat.

Right now, everyone was not having an easy time. It was difficult to even get 80% of the previous salary, let alone 1.3 times the previous salary. Therefore, this treatment almost instantly captured the hearts of a large number of people. When they saw this treatment, their hearts had already flown to Beijing.

Liu Xuebin added, "I've also fought for a settlement allowance from Xin Lang. After everyone signs the contract, they will be able to get a month's salary as a settlement allowance. It will be used for everyone's travel expenses and rental expenses from Shenzhen to Beijing."

This time, the group was completely in an uproar. To many people, this was a transition from hell to heaven. A large number of people in the group were already extremely excited. They were all asking when they would sign the contract with Xin Lang.

Some of the more rational people thought of Makino Technology and asked Liu Xuebin, "Boss Liu, have you talked to Makino Technology?

What kind of treatment can they give? "

Liu Xuebin said, "I have an appointment with them tomorrow afternoon. We'll talk about the details then."