Chapter 1369

Receiving a call from Director Xu, Li Mu couldn't help laughing.

Previously, he was worried that the number of singers who were willing to participate was not enough, but now he was worried that the number of singers who were willing to participate was too many.

It was like a second ago, he was still poor to fill his stomach, and the next second, good food from all over the world was served in front of him for him to choose. He wanted to eat more, but his appetite was not so big, and he couldn't swallow so much.

Li Mu also felt that it was a pity. After all, there were many A-list singers and quasi-A-list singers among them. They wanted to take part in this performance. With them, this performance could further enhance its influence. In fact, both sides could take what they needed and benefit each other. It was just that the time of this evening party was limited, and they couldn't squeeze more time.

However, thinking about it carefully, the song "A Loving Family" was still very suitable for a chorus. The nature of this song was the same as "Yan Jing Welcomes You," even if only one line was enough.

In the song "Yanjing Welcomes You," the best singers were only given one line of lyrics. In the chorus stage, even one line of lyrics needed three or four singers to sing together. However, this arrangement did not make the singers feel dissatisfied, because it was such a significant song. Even if they could only show their faces, it was an excellent thing, and no singer would refuse it.

Although this evening party was not as significant as the Centennial Olympics, it was absolutely unprecedented at the moment. In this way, "A Loving Family" could achieve the effect of "Yan Jing Welcomes You." In this case, it was better to invite a large number of stars to sing together on the stage. At that time, it would ensure that each participating singer had a chance to show their faces, and ensure that when they showed their faces, there would be a subtitle reminder in the live TV signal, for example: "Qi Qin (Taiwan)."

If they accepted this arrangement, then they could participate in this evening party. If they didn't accept it, it didn't matter. At least the TV station had given a solution. At least, Director Xu wouldn't offend all the people in the entertainment industry.

Moreover, in order to make this song accommodate more singers, on the one hand, Li Mu was willing to further compress his singing part in this song and give more time to other singers. On the other hand, he also reminded Director Xu to find a way to squeeze two minutes out of the performance time to increase the length of the chorus part of the song.

In other words, when the time came, the song would be lengthened and the chorus part would be sung a few more times. Moreover, the chorus part was the easiest to deal with in a loop. As long as each loop was raised by a key on the basis of the previous loop, that is, the pitch was raised by one degree, and then it was arranged according to the different range characteristics of the singers. In this way, the chorus could be sung at least three to five times, and finally, a group of high-pitched singers who could sing to High-C or even High-D or E would be added to the end. When the pitch soared, the audience's adrenaline would also soar with the rise of the pitch. Not only would it not make the audience feel bored, but it would also make the audience more excited.

Li Mu remembered that Lin Yilian once showed her singing ability by continuously raising the key of a singing passage in a variety show. Although she sang the same sentence repeatedly, the pitch was getting higher and higher. The host and the audience listened to it, not only did they not feel bored, but also left a reputation for Lin Yilian's super singing ability.

Moreover, even though it was only an additional two minutes, in these two minutes, at least a few dozen more celebrities could take the stage. When the time came, there would be more than a hundred singers singing together on the stage. Moreover, they would randomly pick two or three of them, and they would be famous singers who could support a singing gala. That would be really impressive.

Director Xu also felt that Li Mu's solution was very good. Since they did not have the ability to swallow all the delicious food from all over the world, they might as well try a little bit of it. More than a hundred singers singing a song, not only could it satisfy the singers' needs, but it could also raise the level of the performance to another level.

Therefore, Director Xu immediately arranged for the overall planner to further compress the stage time, making sure that there were two minutes left. Then, he immediately contacted the management companies and agents of the famous singers, telling them that after discussing with Li Mu, Li Mu was willing to give half of his "A Loving Family" to the other singers, and then add an additional half of the length. In this way, there would be at least four minutes left for the singers, and it would be enough for a hundred singers.

Director Xu originally thought that such a solution would make a lot of famous singers give up, but he did not expect that almost all the singers he contacted would agree to it.

For these singers, it was no longer the time to think about how long they could perform on stage, or how long they could perform. They only had one thing in mind, and that was to find a way to participate in the performance. In the entertainment industry, things like being famous were like rowing a boat against the current. If you did not move forward, you would be falling back. When others were moving forward, no one dared to stop.

…

Two days later, the official rehearsal for the gala was held. The entire Central TV studio was filled with famous singers from both sides of the Taiwan Straits.

Before the rehearsal, the entire gala had already confirmed a total of 178 guests. Among them, there were 100 singers from mainland China, and 78 singers from Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan.

It was said that there were more than a hundred singers who were rejected by Director Xu. The main reason for the rejection was that the stage of Central TV's studio could not hold all of them. When the time came, there would be more than 300 singers performing a song, and the stage would not be able to hold all of them.

For the past two days, every plane from Hong Kong and Taiwan to Beijing would have at least one famous singer from Hong Kong and Taiwan on board. They had rushed over just to participate in the charity gala organized by Central TV to fight against SARS.

It was worth mentioning that all the participating singers had rejected Central TV's appearance fee and volunteered to participate in the gala. At the same time, they had all expressed their wish to donate to Central TV. Therefore, Central TV had specially set up a donation channel for these celebrities. Before the rehearsal, the total amount of donations from these 178 singers had exceeded 60 million yuan. Just Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang had each donated 10 million yuan.

The stronger the lineup of celebrities, the more resources Central TV had invested in the performance. Almost all the channels of Central TV were taking advantage of the opportunity to promote the gala, laying the groundwork for the gala.

The total duration of the gala was more than three and a half hours, of which the performance was as long as two and a half hours. There were a total of 28 songs. Besides the "Loving Family" sung by Li Mu and the other singers, the rest were all the signature songs of each singer. It could be said to be a large-scale concert with all the classic songs strung together.

The first hour of the gala was a report on the progress of the SARS epidemic and the heroes who emerged in the fight against SARS. At the same time, the invited entrepreneurs went on stage to complete their respective speeches and donations. After this segment was over, the performance segment began.

"A Loving Family" was a group chorus, so it was arranged to be the last song.

Li Mu participated in the entire rehearsal, which lasted more than four hours. All the invited singers and entrepreneurs arrived at Central TV's studio on time. In the studio, which smelled faintly of disinfectant, all the actors rehearsed orderly according to the rhythm set by the program team.

All the singers who participated in the rehearsal arrived at the recording studio early and sat in the audience seats. It was unlike the usual large-scale rehearsals where the A-list singers either did not come at all, or even if they did, they would come at their own time and leave immediately after the rehearsal ended.

These singers were all waiting for their rehearsals. Some of them were chatting with other singers they were familiar with, while others were busy making new friends. Central TV's backstage had a limited number of stand-alone waiting rooms, so they could only provide some of the S-list singers with stand-alone waiting rooms. However, Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang were the first to decline this special treatment and chose to sit in the audience with the other singers. As a result, the other singers who were allocated stand-alone waiting rooms also declined this benefit. Everyone was sitting in the audience, and it was a spectacular sight to behold.

Zhang Guorong sighed. Even the Golden Melody Awards in Hong Kong and Taiwan did not have such a large scale of celebrities. The singers around her agreed with her.

This was the first time that the music circles of both sides of the Taiwan Strait and Hong Kong had held such a large-scale collaboration. This was something that even the Golden Melody Awards could not hope to achieve.

When the rehearsal was about to start in ten minutes, Li Mu also arrived at the studio. He also declined the lounge provided by Central TV and went directly to the studio's hall. He came to the audience seats and faced the singers.

Seeing that Li Mu had arrived, the singers who were chatting instantly quietened down. Although they were celebrities and big shots, in front of Li Mu, none of them felt that they were big shots. On the contrary, in their eyes, Li Mu was the only big shot among so many people.

Someone took the lead and shouted, "Hello, Li Zong!"

Therefore, everyone looked at Li Mu at the same time and shouted in unison, "Hello, Li Zong!"

Li Mu was slightly surprised by everyone's unison. Then he smiled indifferently and bowed to everyone. He said very seriously, "Although I am an invited guest like everyone else, and it is not my place to thank everyone, I still want to thank everyone. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to attend this gala."

More than a hundred celebrities from both sides of the Taiwan Strait and Hong Kong applauded. Some of them saw Li Mu as their idol, some saw Li Mu as a local tycoon, and some even saw him as a financial backer, a super big shot who could influence the entire entertainment circle. However, no matter what their feelings were, these celebrities respected Li Mu from the bottom of their hearts.

Li Mu also wanted everyone to know that he was a person who knew how to be grateful. If you respect me, I will respect you tenfold. Although today's performance was organized by Mother Yang, to Li Mu, everyone deserved his respect and gratitude for being able to attend this performance.

This time, everyone put down their work and volunteered to attend this gala. A considerable part of the reason was also because of Li Mu's influence. Everyone was very clear about Li Mu's patriotism and national feelings. If they attended this gala, once they connected with Li Mu's entertainment circle projects in the future, they could also use this opportunity to win some favor from Li Mu. When Li Mu arrived at the recording studio, he immediately bowed to all the singers and thanked them, which also confirmed everyone's judgment.