Chapter 1120

The worries of the film and television industry were not wrong. What Li Mu wanted was to control the direction of the box office.

In the future Internet Plus era, more and more industries would be controlled by the Internet.

For example, e-commerce had taken over half of the retail market. For the F&B industry, more and more income came from take-out and group buying apps. For example, movie ticket sales were mostly reliant on online ticketing systems.

Those who controlled resources did not necessarily have the strongest say in an industry. Although the cinema chains controlled the screens and seats, as long as Li Mu controlled the ticket sales channels, he would be in control of their lifeline.

However, in order to achieve this, he had to first make the ticketing system unbeatable.

If the Mu Ying ticketing system could take over 80% of the domestic box office in the future, then all the cinema chains would have to obey him. Otherwise, they would lose a lot of customers and income once the cooperation was terminated.

There were countless cinemas, and there would be more and more in the future. However, once the Mu Ying ticketing system became popular, it would become the number one in the online ticketing industry. By then, all the cinema chains would become part of its ecosystem, and all the film companies would have to bow down to it.

When the film and television industry saw the Mu Ying ticketing system, the entire film and television industry immediately regarded it as their biggest enemy. Many well-known people in the industry even started to call other well-known people in the industry, hoping that they could unite and resist the Mu Ying ticketing system, which was robbing them of their control.

Just when the industry did not know how to deal with it, Li Mu threw out another bomb!

YY and Taobao jointly announced that to coincide with the release of The Girl We Chased Together, the 14 Mu Ying International Cinemas in Beijing would transfer all ticket sales to the Mu Ying ticketing system, and their offline stores would temporarily stop selling tickets.

Apart from that, on the 7th of December, all the users who bought movie tickets through the Mu Ying ticketing system would receive a coupon for 20.1 yuan off the price of 30 yuan. The coupon could be used immediately. In other words, on the 7th of December, users who bought movie tickets through the Mu Ying ticketing system would only have to pay 9.9 yuan for each ticket!

This caused an uproar among the netizens in Beijing!

At this stage, the movie ticket was indeed not cheap. In a first-tier city like Beijing, the movie ticket had always been around 30 yuan. Wanting to buy a movie ticket for 9.9 yuan was completely a pipe dream.

At two o 'clock in the afternoon on December 6th, the ticketing system of Mu Ying would officially start selling all the movie tickets for seven shows in 14 Muye International Cinemas in Yan Jing on December 7th.

At 2 PM sharp, the system officially opened the ticket window. There were a total of 88130 movie tickets in stock, and they were all sold out in less than 20 minutes!

Li Mu, who was far away in Guangdong Province, was also shocked when he heard the news.

Then, he immediately sent out a push notification. On the one hand, he told all the users in Beijing that the tickets had been sold out in 20 minutes. On the other hand, he told the users that the Mu Ying ticketing system would open the pre-sale window again at 5 PM to sell the movie tickets on December 8th. In order to repay the users' support for the Mu Ying ticketing system, the movie tickets on December 8th would continue to enjoy the platform subsidies. However, the subsidies were not as large as the movie tickets on December 7th. Users of the movie tickets on December 8th could receive a coupon for the actual transaction price of 19.9 yuan.

When Makino Technology sent out a message through YY that more than 80,000 movie tickets were sold out in 20 minutes, the entire film and television industry felt a suffocating horror!

What did it mean to be sold out in 20 minutes?

In the eyes of the film and television industry, it meant that Muye International Studios' 14 cinemas and 98 screenings would all achieve 100% occupancy tomorrow. At present, the average occupancy rate was less than 30%. This number was simply mind-blowing!

Nowadays, the biggest pain of the cinema chain was that the users were not very enthusiastic about paying to watch the movie. No matter how good a movie was, it could only achieve more than 80% occupancy during prime time on weekends. It was impossible to guarantee that the occupancy rate would exceed 50% at other times of the weekend, let alone during other weekdays. The occupancy rate was frighteningly low. If one went to the cinema during the day on weekdays and bought a movie ticket casually, they could experience the fun of booking the whole movie.

In addition to the 100% occupancy rate, the 88130 movie tickets also represented a box office of 870,000 yuan. If Li Mu maintained the 100% occupancy rate for 10 days at a price of 9.9 yuan, the box office of the movie could reach 8.7 million yuan. If it could be maintained for a month and a half, the box office of the movie would reach almost 40 million yuan!

Nowadays, it was very difficult for a movie to achieve a box office of 40 million yuan. Not to mention that the movie "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" had been spared no effort in promoting by Makino Technology. The number of screenings in other cinema chains was also relatively optimistic. Therefore, it could be expected that its box office would soar.

Just when the entire film and television industry was in shock, the pre-sale of the movie tickets for December 8 started in advance at five o 'clock in the afternoon.

To everyone's surprise, although the price of the movie tickets had doubled, the enthusiasm of the users was still no less than before. In just 21 minutes, the 88130 movie tickets for December 8 were sold out again!

It had to be known that this was 1.75 million yuan!

And behind this 1.75 million yuan box office was an incredible 100% occupancy rate!

When this result came out, the entire film and television industry was about to explode!

They even felt that even if Li Mu changed the ticket price to 30 yuan, it seemed that it would still be sold out.

The question that the entire film and television industry was thinking about was why a product like the Mu Ying ticketing system could have such a high conversion rate?

However, before they could figure out the reason, the encouraged Li Mu instructed Makino Technology to send out another push, announcing that the ticket sales for December 9 would start at 8 o 'clock in the evening. At that time, users could buy the movie tickets for the same day at 24.9 yuan.

The film and television companies waited nervously until 8: 30 PM. Then, the news came that the Mu Ying ticketing system was sold out again!

If the price of the third round of pre-sale was added up, it would be nearly 2.2 million yuan!

The people in the film and television industry quickly took out their computers and did some calculations. "The Girl We Chased Together In Those Years" had not even been released yet, but it had already received a box office of 4.82 million yuan in advance through the Mu Ying ticketing system!

This was simply unimaginable!

Now, not only were the cinema chains and film and television companies confused, even the internet companies could not understand it.

They could understand that it was sold out at 9.9 yuan, after all, it was a big discount. However, it was slightly unreasonable that it was sold out so quickly at 19.9 yuan. The price of 24.9 yuan was already very close to the normal price, and it was still sold out in half an hour. This was simply unreasonable!

At this moment, only Li Mu knew the core demand of the users. In fact, most of the users who bought the movie tickets came for this new experience. As users, subversive experiences were easy to arouse their curiosity and desire to try. Even if the price kept rising, they did not care, because they chose the Mu Ying ticketing system to experience this extraordinary feeling.