Chapter 383

Su Yingxue nestled in Li Mu's arms and watched the TV intently.

The movie started in a classroom. It was the most ordinary and most Hua Xia -style classroom. The blackboard in the classroom was filled with content about the National College Entrance Examination and encouraging slogans. In the middle of the blackboard was written: There are 195 days left until the National College Entrance Examination.

The screen was slightly yellow, and the color tone was a little warm and bright. It was just right to highlight the nostalgic feeling.

A serious male teacher stood on the podium and angrily questioned the whereabouts of two students who were absent from class. Then, the scene changed. In a simple band rehearsal room, Zhang Kexuan, played by Zhang Xiaoshuai, was leading his band members to rehearse "Like You" by Beyond. He was going to present this song to the girl he had a crush on at the school's New Year's Eve party, which was Du Jiayi, played by Du Wei.

Zhang Kexuan was wearing a light blue and white school uniform. His shirt was tied around his waist. Coupled with his clean and handsome appearance and neat short hair, he looked like an 18-year-old high school student. He did not look out of place at all.

The plot started from the school band he was leading. It progressed methodically until Du Jiayi, played by Du Wei, appeared. Du Wei's fresh face and well-behaved temperament perfectly created the image of the most popular campus belle in the school, which made people's eyes light up.

Handsome man and beautiful woman, coupled with a very down-to-earth school atmosphere and the atmosphere of first love, made the movie more and more attractive even before the plot had fully unfolded.

Then, the plot developed to the first small climax. The program that Zhang Kexuan reported was a cover of the song "For Whom" from the '98 flood resistance. Unexpectedly, after he went on stage, he changed it to "Like You" without authorization and vaguely confessed to Du Wei. After this performance, the two confirmed their relationship and agreed to go to Yanjing University together.

For young people, this plot was very beautiful and romantic, and there was even a trace of joy in the rebellious mentality. Even Su Yingxue, who was next to Li Mu, had a face full of excitement.

However, the most common scene of puppy love happened. The male antagonist, played by Chen Kun, told the teacher about their puppy love. The angry teacher started to break them up. Zhang Kexuan's father rushed to the school and slapped him in public. Du Wei's parents also rushed to the school and insisted on taking her away from the school and transferring her to another school.

Because of this guitar, Zhang Kexuan ran away from home. Then came his career as a bar singer. The hard days made people sigh.

On the other side, Du Wei remembered the promise she made with Zhang Kexuan. She was admitted to Yanjing University and looked forward to reuniting with Zhang Kexuan, who had not been heard from for a long time. Because of the promise, Zhang Kexuan, who was a bar singer, carried his guitar and went to Yanjing alone.

On the same train, the former lovers bought a non-seat ticket and stood at the junction of the carriages smoking with a guitar on his back. The other was lying on the sleeper, tossing and turning. Both of them were thinking about each other, but they did not know that the other was actually on the same train as them.

Although this part of the plot was a bit vulgar, it was very reasonable to the plot, so it made the audience feel very emotional and was the key to making them cry. Just as Du Wei was recalling the little things about Zhang Kexuan in front of her in the past, a piece of background music that moved everyone started to play.

It was "In My Voice" sung by Du Wei.

Originally, Li Mu only wanted to use one of Du Wei's songs in the movie, which was "In a Hurry Years". This song would be played in the second half of the plot, when the married Du Wei watched Zhang Kexuan cry on TV. "In My Voice" would be played after the movie was broadcast.

However, Li Mu later changed his mind and added this song to this part of the movie. The lyrics just happened to reflect the mood of Du Wei's character at this time. For her, Zhang Kexuan was the "you" mentioned in the lyrics.

Without any precaution or worry, you just appeared like this.

But you just like that, without my knowledge, quietly disappeared, and there was no news from my world.

From then on, you only existed in my memories and my songs.

The appearance of this song at this time suddenly brought out the emotional feelings of the plot to the extreme, and the effect of making people cry became more three-dimensional. The scene was a bit sad and made people sigh, but the song suddenly interspersed, perfectly setting off the emotions that the plot and the scene wanted to express, vividly and vividly.

Most of the audience was deeply moved at this moment. Many girls in front of the TV were successfully made to cry by this song. Even Su Yingxue, who was next to Li Mu, had tears in her eyes.

Then, to the audience's surprise, the two did not meet in Beijing. In the blink of an eye, a few years had passed. Zhang Kexuan was still a bar singer, but he had become a lot more mature. He drove a second-hand Alto to various bars and gathering places in Beijing, repeatedly rushing to perform. In an accidental rear-end collision, he hit a luxurious Benz S600. When he was very nervous about this, the male antagonist got out of the car.

The plot began to enter the third stage, which was also the last stage.

Zhang Kexuan was insulted by the other party. Thinking back to his music dream, he decided to find his former partners, regain their dreams together, and participate in the competition.

Ye Tianming, Xia Tian, and Gu Wei appeared again. Zhang Kexuan found Ye Tianming, who was numb like a walking corpse, in the barbershop. He took him and two other partners, wrote "Fly Higher", and went to Beijing to participate in the preliminary of the competition.

The host played by Chen Wan also appeared in this part of the plot. She was beautiful, tall, elegant, and with a perfect voice, she immediately attracted a lot of attention from the audience.

Simple Plan won the first place in the preliminary, and the plot reached the second climax. The four people's persistence in their dreams finally reaped the most basic rewards. Together with the song "Fly Higher", the audience was also moved by their belief and efforts in adhering to their dreams.

Then, Chen Kun tried to stop Simple Plan from being eliminated in the finals live on television. Simple Plan wrote the song "Old Boys" with the same name to participate in the finals. At the beginning of the finals, the moment Simple Plan appeared on stage, Du Wei, who was practicing yoga in the mansion, was shocked to see Zhang Kexuan on the television and recognized him at first glance.

Then, Zhang Kexuan sang the song "Old Boys" on the stage of the finals.

"That is the person I miss and love day and night.

How should I express it?

Will she accept me?

Maybe I will never say those words to her.

I am destined to wander the world.

How can I have worries … "

Just the first two short lyrics almost perfectly expressed Zhang Kexuan's feelings for Du Wei. When Du Wei finished listening to this part, she stood in front of the television blankly. She covered her mouth and nose with her hands, and tears kept flowing.

The lyrics after that were even more emotional and inspirational. Every sentence touched people's hearts. The host was moved, the judges were moved, and even the villain, Chen Kun, was moved. He quietly wiped away the tears at the corner of his eyes.

At this moment, more tears came from the audience. The climax of the plot, and also the most emotional part, had finally arrived.

When the song ended, the judges all gave full marks on their scoring devices. Then, the movie did not show any plot about Simple Plan. There was no scene of the host announcing their victory. It only focused on Du Wei's impeccable face. Her eyes were red, and tears kept falling. At this moment, the movie screen gradually darkened. Just as it was about to turn completely black, the music started again.

It was Du Wei singing "That Year in a Hurry".

This song seemed to be the final comment on the emotional line of the whole movie. The tune and the lyrics were just right.

"That year in a hurry, how many times did we say goodbye and delay?

It's a pity that whether or not anyone has loved is not an eloquent debate on the seven emotions.

That year in a hurry, we made an unbearable promise in a moment of haste.

We can only wait for others to fulfill it … "

"If we can't see each other with red eyes, can we still blush?

Just like that year in a hurry, beautiful rumors of forever together.

If the past is still worth nostalgia, don't forget it too soon.

Who is willing to be like this, with nothing to hold each other back.

We have to owe each other, or else how can we cherish each other … "

In the midst of the song, the movie's credits list appeared on the black screen. Director: Li Mu, Scriptwriter: Li Mu, Executive Director: Ning Hao.

Then came the cast list: Zhang Xiaoshuai: Zhang Kexuan (played by), Du Jiayi: Du Wei (played by) …

Then came the full list of the rest of the crew.

At this moment, the audience was not only immersed in the touching and singing voices, they were also staring at the subtitles, waiting for the introduction of the songs to appear. They knew that "Fly Higher" and "Old Boys" were songs with simple plans, but what they were eager to know at this moment was who was the singer of these two songs and what was her name.

Finally, these words appeared on the credits: Interlude: "In My Voice", performed by: Du Wei, lyrics: Mu Zi, music: Mu Zi; Ending song: "That Year in a Hurry", performed by: Du Wei, lyrics: Mu Zi, music: Mu Zi.

Tens of millions of audience were shocked at this moment. No one had expected that these two extremely beautiful songs were sung by the beautiful female lead in the movie. Oh, no, it was sung by the actress who played the female lead.

Oh my god, can an actress sing so well?

The final credits of the movie ended with the singing of "That Year in a Hurry". The screen slowly faded along with the singing of "That Year in a Hurry". When everything was over, the audience still hadn't come back to their senses.

At this moment, most of the audience felt a sense of loss. That's it?

That's the f * * king end!?

Did they win the championship or not?

Zhang Xiaoshuai, who had disappeared from Du Jiayi's world, had appeared. Did she go to meet Zhang Xiaoshuai?

Didn't the lyrics say, "If I can't see you again with red eyes, can I still blush?"

Did this mean that they were going to meet again?

Would they be able to be together again after they met?

Would there be a sequel?

When would the sequel be released?

After the movie ended, Tieba's Simple Plan and Old Boys forums exploded. Countless netizens flooded in to discuss, ask, praise, and lament. Some people even created a Du Wei forum and quickly posted there, asking about everything related to Du Wei. Who was Du Wei?

What works did she act in in the past?

What songs did she sing in the past?

Where were her posters or photos?

Where could they hear the two songs she sang in the movie?

The netizens didn't know the answer to the first question, but for the last question, all the netizens gave an answer: Go to the Easy Listening website, it must be there!