Chapter 1524

Under the temptation of huge bonuses, the producers of pirated discs across the country suffered an unprecedented blow overnight. More than 50% of the pirates were arrested overnight, and the rest of the pirates disappeared the next day.

These pirates who had not yet been arrested were not sure if their information had been reported to Muye Technology, so they either began to run away or began to destroy the evidence. In short, almost no one dared to commit crimes against the public.

At this time, those who dared to commit crimes were generally small family-style workshops. They did not need to hire additional workers. The entry of raw materials and the transportation of finished products were very secretive and not easy to be discovered.

However, within a few days, even if these small-scale producers were not arrested, they had largely lost the motivation to produce pirated discs. This was because the supply chain of the market had begun to break down. For a while, no one dared to sell pirated discs in the market.

This was the scary thing about Makino Technology. Once such a large-scale enterprise began to hunt down people who sold pirated discs on the streets and alleys, as long as they received a report, even if it was just a roadside vendor, Makino Technology would submit the report to the local law enforcement department. Moreover, every few hours, they would consult the local law enforcement department about the results of the law enforcement. If there was no result after a few hours, the legal team trained by Makino Technology would send people to the local area to "cooperate with the law enforcement department to crack down on piracy."

Although it was called cooperation, it was actually a different way to exert pressure.

Makino Technology itself was a world-class star enterprise, and it was also the largest online platform. Its publicity ability was extremely strong. In this anti-piracy operation, it also perfectly displayed the image of a good citizen and a model enterprise. These factors made the local law enforcement departments pay more attention to the anti-piracy operation.

After a few rounds of arrests and confiscation of pirated audio and video products, and administrative detention of the shop owners suspected of selling pirated audio and video products, almost all the pirated audio and video stores, which were located on the streets and at the end of alleys, had closed down.

This was mainly because, among the various reports received by Makino Technology, more than 90% of the reports were about the sellers of pirated audio-visual products. Every pirated disc selling shop had received a large number of complaints from the public.

The reason was very simple. Production lines were the minority. Moreover, the pirated producers were in the second-to-business business, not the second-to-consumer business. Just like clothing production, they were facing wholesale agents, not consumers. Therefore, most people wanted to report the production line, but they had no way to do so.

The ones that directly faced consumers were the small shops on the streets and alleys. There were more than ten thousand people at the door every day, from the proprietress of the barber shop across the street, to the chef of the ramen shop next door, to the gangsters of the internet cafe across the street. Everyone wanted to earn the two thousand yuan from the successful report. Therefore, everyone was crazy to report such shops.

According to the analysis of Muye Technology's data, different people had reported the same store at the same time, with a maximum of 260 reports.

The nuclear attack of Makino Technology made the whole pirated industry jittery. It also made the whole industry suffer an unprecedented heavy blow.

Many pirates hated Makino Technology. In their eyes, they were just making a small amount of money. Compared with a company like Makino Technology, which had a valuation of more than 100 billion US dollars, they were like ants. Everyone pirated Crazy Stone, which was like a group of ants fighting for the crumbs that fell on the ground when Makino Technology was eating. Makino Technology was too inhumane to be so ruthless.

Some pirates were also very dissatisfied with Makino Technology's approach. For a time, the route of enjoying intellectual property at a low price was cut off. Not only could they not buy or see the pirated Crazy Stone, but it was also difficult to buy other pirated films, music tapes, and CDs. They blamed this "loss" on Makino Technology. They called on many netizens with the same opinion to spread attacks on Makino Technology.

When these voices reached Li Mu's ears, he did not relax his attack on pirates. Secondly, he did not delete any comments that criticized Makino Technology on the Internet.

If someone really wanted to scold Makino Technology for fighting against piracy, he would not only not delete their insulting comments, but he would also keep them. He believed that even if the majority of consumers could not understand him now, they would still understand him in the future. This was the inevitable result of social progress and the strengthening of people's awareness of the law. These words that supported, defended, and favored pirates would sooner or later be nailed to the pillar of shame of Hua Xia's road of intellectual property protection.

…

With the protection against piracy, "Crazy Stone" remained as popular as ever in the following week.

The average box office on weekdays was more than 65 million US dollars, which made people in the whole industry jealous.

On Saturday, just half a day later, the total box office broke the 1 billion mark. This was the unprecedented peak of the box office of Hua Xia's movies, and it was also the best proof of the commercial potential of Hua Xia's movies.

Almost all the media outlets had dedicated their headlines to "Crazy Stone". At 6: 30 PM, when the TV was switched on, almost every satellite news program was reporting on this historic moment. In the following news broadcasts, Central TV also listed this news as the main content and gave it an important report.

In the report, CCTV said that Crazy Stone represented the huge potential of Hua Xia's local commercial movies and the commercial movie market. It was believed that this would be a new starting point for Hua Xia's movies.

One movie represented the potential of the whole industry.

One movie represented the new starting point for the entire Hua Xia's movies.

The evaluation given by CCTV was indeed very high. Although it was very high, it was not because they were flattering it.

A box office of one billion US dollars was simply a myth. Any movie that could achieve such a result in this era could directly be called a god!

The positive impact that Crazy Stone brought to the whole industry was great. A box office of one billion US dollars had cultivated tens of millions of paying audiences for the future Hua Xia's movies, and they had developed the habit of buying tickets to watch movies in the cinema.

At the same time, the box office of one billion US dollars also made the industry's directors and screenwriters realize the explosive growth of the market in the future. The increase in the total box office indicated that the pot of rice was expanding, and everyone could eat more and better than before. Therefore, this made them start to rub their palms and have greater passion to invest in this industry.

In addition, the capital enthusiasm of the film and television industry had instantly skyrocketed. Before Crazy Stone, not many people dared to invest tens of millions of US dollars in a movie, because the box office might not reach tens of millions of US dollars. However, the strong box office performance of Crazy Stone had changed the barren land of the film and television industry into an oil field that contained huge profits.

Because of the unparalleled high attendance rate of Crazy Stone, the cinema chain had made a lot of money during this period. For a time, even investing in the cinema chain had become a good business in the eyes of physical entrepreneurs. In addition, Li Mu had previously launched the "Screen Fission Plan," which was a strong guarantee and psychological support for those who wanted to invest in the cinema chain.

In order to celebrate the box office of Crazy Stone breaking one billion US dollars, Makino Image organized an internal celebration party in Beijing. This celebration party did not invite any media. Other than the executives of Makino Technology, the employees of Makino Image, the contracted artists, and the crew members, only Chen Ze, Song Liang, and Cai Zhengmao from the CSC Club were invited to participate.

The reason why the media and guests were not invited was that there were a total of two celebratory banquets. This one was a real celebratory banquet for all of them. The celebratory banquet two days later was an open invitation to the media and guests. The main purpose of that celebratory banquet was to promote the movie again. It was equivalent to adding fuel to the fire.

However, Li Mu could not participate in the second celebration party. The party he had arranged with Steve Johnson, the boss of Sequoia, was just around the corner. The business plane he had rented would take off from Beijing to London tomorrow. Accompanying Li Mu were Li Ziwei and three bodyguards, including Wang Yuanlang. In addition to them, there were also two guests, Anne Hathaway and her personal assistant.

At the celebration banquet, Ning Hao, as the protagonist, was so excited that he couldn't even speak properly. From an unknown practitioner to a top director who was the first to break a billion-dollar box office in a single movie, this was a step that others had walked for decades without succeeding, but he had succeeded in only two years.

When everyone was heckling him to say something, he, a rough man, actually couldn't control his emotions and cried like a middle-aged loser whose beloved wife ran away with his good brother.

As the boss, Li Mu went forward to comfort him, but he hugged Li Mu and cried even harder.

Li Mu could understand Ning Hao's feelings at the moment. No matter how the society exaggerated the theory of success, for most people in this world, life was not going their way.

Whether it was in the workplace or in any industry or field, as long as you were not the boss, you had to face a special test of character: On the road of your growth, can you meet a good boss?

However, in this society, good bosses were much rarer than pandas.

Some bosses directly starved their employees to become thin;

Some bosses, in order to find ways to deduct their employees' wages, worked themselves thin;

How many bosses were really willing to take out the rice in their pot and let their employees and families eat well and eat well?

Therefore, Ning Hao was particularly glad that he met Li Mu. As a boss, Li Mu was much better than the best boss he could imagine. The film could reach such a height, mostly because he built such a tall and solid foundation for the film.

Li Mu patted Ning Hao on the shoulder and said jokingly, "Old Ning, don't be too excited. You just set a new record, but the purpose of a record is to be broken."

Ning Hao wiped his tears and said, "Then I hope that my record can be broken as soon as possible. That will be the real spring of Hua Xia's film."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I think the next one to break the box office record of 'Crazy Stone' should be 'Flying Tigers'."

Ning Hao nodded and said, "In the future, the box office of 'Flying Tigers' alone may reach hundreds of millions of dollars in North America. I can't even imagine how much the global box office will be."