Chapter 122

On the huge glowing tea table in the KTV, in addition to the birthday cakes that everyone had brought, the rest of the table was filled with cans of beer.

At dinner, both boys and girls drank a little. Although alcohol was not enough to make people lose their minds, it was indeed like a stimulant, making people less restrained and fearful than usual.

Several boys, who never cursed in front of girls, began to yell a few dirty words to liven things up after drinking a little. The girls were also more open. Not only did they talk more casually, but they also didn't mind some slight physical contact when playing with boys.

Everyone jumped up to ask Zhao Ziqiu, the birthday girl, to sing the first song. Unable to refuse, Zhao Ziqiu took the microphone and said, "Since you all want me to sing first, I have a request first!"

"Go ahead!"

Zhao Ziqiu pointed at Li Mu and stamped her feet with a bit of a spoiled manner. "I want Li Mu to sing 'Hiroshima Love' with me first!"

Before Li Mu agreed, a group of people began to urge him. Sun Jian stuffed the microphone into Li Mu's arms and said, "Lao San, don't embarrass our dormitory!"

"Okay, then I will embarrass myself."

Since Zhao Ziqiu had said it, Li Mu naturally couldn't refuse. It was just a song. Today was her birthday. Even if she asked him to sing three songs with her, he wouldn't refuse. At this time, if he still refused, it would be unreasonable.

This song was already a work of the last century, but even after more than ten years, it was still a popular song in KTV.

After the prelude, Li Mu sang first.

You should have refused me long ago

You shouldn't have let me pursue you

… "

As soon as the first sentence came out, everyone's attention was attracted by Li Mu's voice.

Li Mu did have a good voice. His voice contained the vicissitudes of life that did not match his current age. Coupled with the extraordinary explosive power contained in his voice, he could give people an extraordinary feeling when he opened his mouth.

Zhao Ziqiu looked at Li Mu in surprise. This 18 or 19 years old boy had sung this song in a way that was more experienced than the original singer. Did he really have a story, or did he deliberately use this singing technique?

Especially when he was singing, his eyebrows were slightly furrowed and his eyes were slightly narrowed. He looked particularly masculine and extremely charming.

Not only was Li Mu surprised, but the others were also attracted by Li Mu's voice. Even Li Yawei, who had been whispering sweet nothings to her girlfriend, looked at Li Mu in surprise and whispered to Han Xiaoxiao, "Li Mu has a good voice!"

Han Xiaoxiao nodded. "Li Mu's profile is so handsome when he sings!

You should learn from him. Don't only know how to be poor all day long. You don't have any inner qualities at all. "

Li Yawei curled her lips and said, "Back in high school, there were so many people chasing after you. I wasn't the most handsome, nor the richest, but I was the poorest. Don't you like how poor I am?"

Han Xiaoxiao looked at him helplessly. "I like how persistent and serious you are!"

At this time, Li Mu had finished his part, but Zhao Ziqiu was still a little immersed in it. When she reacted, she almost missed the rhythm, so she sang in a panic.

"Time is hard to turn back

Space is easy to break

… "

Zhao Ziqiu's voice was also not bad, but in comparison, it still lacked a bit of artistic conception.

At the end of the song, Zhao Ziqiu couldn't help but feel a little annoyed. She was so focused on listening to Li Mu that she didn't remember what she was singing. She felt as if she had finished the song in a daze.

However, in the eyes of others, the song "Hiroshima Love" by the two of them was already perfect, especially Li Mu, who made people have goosebumps as soon as he started singing. He was definitely a good singer.

Li Yawei, who had been hugging and whispering in the corner, shouted, "Come, come, come. It's our turn. Boss, help me order 'Iron Blood Loyal Heart'. I want to sing it with my wife!"

While Li Yawei and Han Xiaoxiao were wailing like ghosts and howling like wolves, Zhao Ziqiu took a can of beer and sat beside Li Mu. He said to him, "Thank you for the present you gave me today. I really like it."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "It's a gift from everyone."

Zhao Ziqiu curled her lips a little awkwardly. "Thank you."

Then she asked Li Mu, "You sing so well. Do you want to sing another song with me?"

"What song?"

It was rare for Zhao Ziqiu to be bashful for a while. She said in a low voice, "Bosom lover …"

Li Mu smiled awkwardly. "Forget it. That song is too sour."

He suddenly wanted to smoke. Thinking that under normal circumstances, only Sun Jian and Xue Jianfeng had cigarettes in the dormitory, and he almost never took the initiative to buy cigarettes. It was not appropriate to always smoke other people's cigarettes. Therefore, Li Mu said to Zhao Ziqiu, "I'll go out and buy a pack of cigarettes."

Zhao Ziqiu was a little disappointed, but she kept it in the bottom of her heart. She had not known Li Mu for a long time. She also felt that her behavior was a little unreserved. She was always afraid that Li Mu would look down on her.

Li Mu went out and bought a pack of Soft Jade Stream from a relatively large tobacco store nearby. For a university student, this was already a luxury. Even Xue Jianfeng, who had a good family background, most of the time he smoked Soft Jade Stream. Occasionally, to improve his life, he would smoke a pack of Liqun. As for Sun Jian, he usually smoked Red Plums.

Seeing Li Mu come back with a pack of Soft Jade Stream, Sun Jian said in surprise, "Li Mu, did you go out to pick up money?"

"No."

Li Mu opened the whole pack of cigarettes, took out a few sticks, and passed one to Sun Jian and Xue Jianfeng. He lit one himself and said lightly, "Since it's only the three of us smoking, this will be our activity cigarette."

Xue Jianfeng praised, "It's bright and spacious."

Sun Jian looked at it and felt a little pained, "Smoking this feels like smoking money directly."

As he said, he took out his Soft Jade Stream, Huang Hongmei, "Look at this, Little Jade Stream, it tastes good too. It's cost-effective."

"Come on," Xue Jianfeng said with a smile, "Some people say that Da Qianmen is a small China. How can it be the same thing?"

Zhao Ziqiu saw that Li Mu went to chat with a few guys in their dormitory. She felt lost in her heart, but she didn't look for Li Mu again. She picked a few songs and sang casually to relieve herself.

Li Mu didn't open his mouth for the whole night. He smoked a few cigarettes and drank a few bottles of beer. When he felt that his head was a little high, he didn't drink anymore. Since he was reborn, he shouldn't put too many shackles on himself. After all, life should be enjoyed to the fullest. However, he still had to control the amount of alcohol, in case he drank too much and didn't know what he would say.

After playing until the wee hours, most people were sleepy. A few guys and girls who had been singing couldn't sing anymore. Some people had already passed out on the sofa. Someone randomly found a movie from the song ordering system. It was called "Old Corpse 2 Erotic Demons". Li Mu didn't take it seriously. He was in a daze on the sofa until a shrill cry came from the TV, "Hua Yuemei, Hua Yuemei …"

Xue Jianfeng thought to himself that this bullsh * t dubbing was really horrifying. Suddenly, there was an abnormal sound beside him. Xue Jianfeng opened his eyes and saw that the short-haired girl, Chen Jiao, whom Sun Jian had his eyes on, had quietly burrowed into Xue Jianfeng's arms and whispered, "I'm afraid …"

Xue Jianfeng hesitated for a moment and looked around in the dark. He found that Li Mu and Sun Jian seemed to be asleep, so he pulled Chen Jiao into his arms.

…

After a night of indulgence before classes started, the guys in dorm 606 more or less had some sequelae. They listlessly said goodbye to the girls in the female dorm of Yan University and staggered back to school.

Most of them drank too much last night. Only Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng were in good physical condition, so they seemed to be fine.

Back at school, Li Mu suggested that everyone go to the cafeteria for breakfast, but only Xue Jianfeng responded. The others said that they were tired and sleepy and wanted to go back to catch up on sleep.

Li Mu and Xue Jianfeng parted ways with the four of them and went to the cafeteria.

Li Mu was still thinking about last night when Xue Jianfeng and Chen Jiao hugged each other. He vaguely saw Xue Jianfeng put his hand under Chen Jiao's clothes, and Chen Jiao didn't seem to have any intention of rejecting him. She even gently wriggled in his arms for a long time like a snake.

Li Mu, who was reborn, always felt that this was not a good thing. Although the two of them were indeed consensual, Sun Jian was his roommate for the next four years after all. He couldn't blame anyone for pursuing Chen Jiao, but if Xue Jianfeng got together with Chen Jiao without warning, the two of them would be together all the time in the future. It was definitely a hidden danger.

At the dining table in the cafeteria, Li Mu wanted to ask Xue Jianfeng indirectly, but he didn't expect that when the two of them just sat down, Xue Jianfeng said to him, "That Chen Jiao from Yan University seems to be interested in me."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. "Really?"

"Yeah."

Xue Jianfeng nodded. "I don't know who ordered a horror film last night. I was so confused that I didn't pay attention to it. Then, she suddenly jumped into my arms."

Li Mu pretended to be surprised and said, "Damn, why is she so proactive?"

Xue Jianfeng shrugged. "I don't know. Didn't you say that she likes your type?"

Li Mu asked him, "Then what do you think?"

Xue Jianfeng said, "I didn't think too much about it. Last night, she jumped into my arms, so I hugged her."

Li Mu asked, "Then what do you think now?"

Xue Jianfeng thought for a moment. "I think Chen Jiao is not bad, we can try to be together. The main thing is, I don't know how to explain to Sun Jian. You are a bystander, if I get together with Chen Jiao, what do you think I should say to Sun Jian?"

Li Mu said, "Since you think Chen Jiao is not bad, you can't give up the girl you like because of Sun Jian. But if there is a gap between the two of you because of a girl, it's not right. After all, we will live under the same roof for four years, so it's better to be cautious. You can ask him if he still has feelings for Chen Jiao, and see what he says."

"Yeah," Xue Jianfeng nodded. "If it really doesn't work, then quickly introduce him to another girl."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "Don't be too anxious about the matter between you and Chen Jiao. The class starts tomorrow, control the pace. There is still a long way to go."