Chapter 1121

The Mu Ying ticketing system instantly became the focus of all the major media in the country. As soon as it was launched, it received the attention and recognition of the whole society.

More than 200,000 movie tickets were sold in a second. This product was of great significance to the film and television industry. Some people even predicted that the development of the Hua Xia film industry would enter a new era after the Mu Ying ticketing system was launched.

When a large number of people paid attention to the ticketing system, they also paid attention to the only popular movie on the ticketing system — The Girl We Chased Together in Those Years. With the promotion of traditional media and online channels, coupled with the help of the Internet Water Army, the movie had now won the attention of the whole country.

Because of the high attention it received, the number of screenings of The Girl We Chased Together in those Years in major cinemas was also very optimistic. Li Mu had done his best to pre-heat the box office.

On December 7th, the film "The Girl We Chased Together All Those Years Ago", which was financed by Muye Impression, was officially released in mainland China.

Netizens from all over the country rushed to the cinemas to watch this youth movie that was hyped up on the Internet. Although Li Mu was in Shenzhen, he made a special trip to the nearby cinemas to investigate. After his investigation, he found that most cinemas gave about 30% of the screenings to The Girl We Chased Together.

On the first day of the screening, almost all the cinemas were sold out from the morning!

The Mu Ying International Cinema in Yan Jing was crowded, but everything was very orderly. Four ticket-collecting machines provided ticket collection services for the audience at the same time. The audience only needed to walk to the machine and enter their ticket collection code. Then, they would be able to get the movie tickets that had just been printed out.

Because of this magical operation mode, almost every Mu Ying International Cinema was surrounded by a large number of media reporters. They hoped to get more material here. It couldn't be better if they could interview some of the audience.

Some of the audience who were interviewed were full of praise for the Mu Ying ticketing system. Many people said that this experience was simply too dreamy. They could choose the seats at home, buy the tickets, and after the payment was successful, they didn't need to carry their wallet or cash. All they needed was the ticket collection code and they could directly come to the cinema to watch the movie. This feeling was really extraordinary.

In addition to interviewing the audience members who had just received their tickets, the media also waited until the end of the movie to interview some of the audience members who had just come out of the theater, asking them about their opinions and comments on "Those Years".

The audience's response was surprisingly unanimous. Everyone thought that this was a touching, relaxing, and humorous movie. At the same time, they gave high praise to the two leading actors and the theme song they sang.

Du Wei's "The First Day" was more cheerful, but Zhang Kexuan's "Those Years" made many people cry.

After the first day of screening, the box office results were released the next morning. The media closely following "Those Years" received the box office results earlier than Li Mu.

What was unexpected was that on the first day of release, "Those Years" earned 15 million yuan in the national box office!

Fifteen million!

Li Mu himself could not believe this figure. Before this, the best first-day box office result for Hua Xia's movie was only a few million yuan!

He did not expect that "Those Years" would break the first-day box office record for a Chinese movie by at least three times!

There had never been a commercial movie that could become the focus of the whole society like "Those Years". This was not only because of the promotion of Makino Technology and Taobao, but also because of the Mu Ying ticketing system, the two actors, and the two theme songs. More importantly, this movie was also labeled as Li Mu. The number of his fans in Hua Xia might have already exceeded that of any star today!

With the help of multiple benefits, "Those Years" achieved such an incredible result. On the first day of screening, the average occupancy rate of "Those Years" exceeded 70% no matter which city it was in. This was simply a heaven-defying figure, and it caught all the people in the industry by surprise.

Because of the amazing occupancy rate of "Those Years", on the second day of screening, cinemas all over the country adjusted their schedules and reduced the number of screenings of all movies except "Those Years". They tried to make more screenings for "Those Years" as much as possible. For the owners of the cinemas, it was natural to increase the screenings of a movie with a high occupancy rate.

However, it was not only the box office that was heaven-defying!

On the second day of screening, there were several "short stories" on the Internet. First, a groom-to-be in Yan Jing was originally scheduled to get married on December 6th, but on the 5th, he was lucky enough to draw a test ticket for "Those Years". After watching the test screening, he went out of the cinema and immediately went to his first love's house to confess to her. He did not expect that she would give him a positive answer. Therefore, the groom-to-be canceled his wedding the day before his wedding. Although he was scolded by the girl and her parents, he posted on the forum that he would never regret it and thanked "Those Years" for giving him the courage to find his first love.

There were many similar stories of finding one's first love. Just by posting on the Internet, there were dozens of people who took the initiative to confess to their beloved after watching the premiere. These netizens all flooded into the forum for "Those Years". For a time, only half of the posts on the forum were discussing the movie, while the other half were all about various emotional problems. Some were asking for comfort, some were asking for guidance, some were reminiscing about their feelings, and some were swearing to find their beloved.

The movie "Those Years" had indeed touched everyone who had memories of their youth. As a result, more and more netizens gathered on the forum for "Those Years". Many netizens who did not have emotional problems also joined in to read other people's love stories while feeling happy, moved, sad, and shed tears.

In less than two days of screening, the movie had already become a hot topic of discussion. It had even become the topic that the entire society was paying the most attention to.

With a topic of discussion, there was naturally more attention. Therefore, on December 8th, the second day of the movie's screening, the box office of "Those Years" reached a new high!

18 million!

The entire film and television industry was shocked by this figure. In just one weekend, "Those Years" had plundered 33 million yuan in the domestic film market. This figure simply shocked everyone!

Last year, Feng Xiaogang's "Big Shot" had taken 43 million in the box office during the New Year period. Now, "Those Years" was expected to surpass it in three days!

Director Teng Huatao was also shocked by the box office performance of "Those Years", but after the shock, he was ecstatic.

As a second or third-rate director, to be able to direct a movie with such a heaven-defying box office was something that Teng Huatao did not even dare to dream of, but it had really happened. Based on this trend, he could definitely use this movie to become one of the first-rate directors in the country.

As expected, the market did not disappoint Teng Huatao. The box office of "Those Years" showed an overwhelming momentum. Therefore, a large number of film companies immediately approached Teng Huatao, hoping to make an appointment with him to produce a youth-themed movie. The remuneration was more than ten times his usual salary, and they were even given a share of the box office earnings as an incentive. Some film companies even started to rush the script. They locked a few scriptwriters in a hotel room and demanded that they produce a school youth-themed script within a specified time.

At the beginning, Teng Huatao's confidence was so high that he was even considering which one to accept. However, after a few hours, he came back to his senses.

As Teng Huatao had witnessed "Those Years" step by step from the script to its current brilliance, he knew very well that the reason "Those Years" was so successful at the box office wasn't because of him. The most important part of the movie was Li Mu's script and his in-depth deconstruction of the story, which allowed him to know exactly what he wanted to film.

In fact, Teng Huatao was only loyal to Li Mu's needs. He wanted to film the story he created and the way he wanted it to be. Even the casting and location of the movie were decided by him. He was the one who chose Ludao City as the filming location, and he was the one who chose Du Wei and Zhang Kexuan as the lead actors. Even the two incomparably popular theme songs were brought by Li Mu.

However, the most important thing was still the publicity. Teng Huatao had truly witnessed how powerful Li Mu's publicity resources were. Not to mention anything else, just a pop-up window in YY could reach tens of millions of users. Relying on such a promotional channel, no matter how bad the movie was, it could still garner a lot of box office.

After understanding this, Teng Huatao immediately gave up on the idea of accepting movies from other companies and called Ning Hao.

Teng Huatao had the opportunity to direct "Those Years" because of Ning Hao's recommendation to Li Mu. Otherwise, with Teng Huatao's influence in the industry, Li Mu wouldn't have had any contact with him.

When Ning Hao received Teng Huatao's call, he congratulated him politely, "Senior Teng, congratulations!

Your box office for 'Those Years' is amazing! "

Teng Huatao hurriedly said humbly, "Haozi, don't make fun of me. You also know that the good results of 'Those Years' are mostly due to Mr. Lee."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "That's right. I relied on Mr. Lee's help to successfully shoot 'Crazy Stone'. It was my first time shooting a movie, so I had no experience. I kept exceeding the budget, but he never said a word of doubt. He even added three million yuan to the investment, so my movie was successfully completed."

Teng Huatao sighed and said, "That's right. If it weren't for Mr. Lee's help, 'Those Years' wouldn't have become what it is today."