Chapter 909

Wei Lan hadn't seen Li Mu in a while.

Recently, Wan Ying Real Estate had a lot of things to deal with. Many real estate projects and commercial real estate projects were launched, which made Wei Lan very busy. Li Mu, on the other hand, had divided the few pieces of land in Wan Ying Real Estate's hands as if they were fruits. After that, he also set the tone for the future development of Wan Ying Real Estate. Since he had no time to worry about Wan Ying Real Estate, he rarely contacted Wei Lan.

Wei Lan had wanted to call or text Li Mu many times, but when she thought that Li Mu was now in the critical stage of international development, he must be very busy with all kinds of things, so every time she had this idea, it didn't take long for her to give up.

At this moment, Wei Lan had just returned from the company. Today, she had a meeting with Ye Youdao, Zhang Zicheng, and Chen Yuan's company representatives. The meeting lasted until nine o 'clock. After everyone had sorted out a lot of things, Wei Lan dragged her tired body back to her apartment.

As soon as she entered the door, the tired Wei Lan didn't even have time to change her clothes before Li Mu called.

For some reason, when she saw the name "Li Mu" displayed on the phone, Wei Lan's exhaustion was swept away. She flipped open the phone and said with a smile, "Aiya, how can a busy person have time to call me?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I'm a busy person, how can you be better than me?"

Wei Lan giggled and said, "I'm not much better than you. It won't be long before I have to go to work every day. With so many buildings starting up at the same time, just running alone will tire me to death."

After saying that, Wei Lan sighed and said, "Luckily summer is over, otherwise if we start working in the summer, I'll definitely be burnt to a dog."

Li Mu said, "If you can avoid running the construction sites, try not to run them. You're such a beautiful woman, it's not suitable for you to run the construction sites where men gather."

Wei Lan said jokingly, "You really dote on me, but I'll definitely have to run the construction sites. Fortunately, they're all in the East Third Ring Road, not too far, so it's easy to run."

Li Mu grunted and said, "Hurry up and recruit people. Try to delegate as much of the work as you can after dividing it up. In the future, focus on the strategic aspect. As for the tactical aspect, leave it to others to solve."

Wei Lan smiled and said, "Alright, I've been constantly recruiting people. If I expand my business too much, the team won't be able to keep up."

After that, Wei Lan asked Li Mu, "By the way, why did you call me at this time?

What's the matter?

Or are you bored and want to chat with me? "

Li Mu said, "It's a small matter. Aren't your parents in America?"

"Yes." Wei Lan asked, "What happened?"

Li Mu smiled. "Let me tell you a way to make quick money. You can get them to operate in the US. Conservatively speaking, it shouldn't be a problem for them to make a 15% profit within two days."

Right now, eBay's shares had already fallen below the 50 US dollar mark. After falling below the 50 US dollar mark, the downward momentum instantly accelerated. In the blink of an eye, the share price had already fallen to 49.83 US dollars, a drop of almost 6%.

It was still morning local time, and the share price had just started to fall. The media had probably just started to react, and there would be a delay in the investors receiving the news. Therefore, it was foreseeable that eBay's share price had not reached the bottom yet. It would probably continue to fall, and conservatively speaking, it would fall by 7% to 49.17 US dollars per share.

If he could buy in when the share price fell by 7%, he could wait for eBay to get on board and invest in # together with him. The two big losses would become two big gains, and the share price would definitely rebound. It would not just rebound to yesterday's closing price of 52.88 US dollars. It would definitely continue to absorb the gains from this price, and it might even rise by 7% or more, to at least reach 57 US dollars per share.

Starting at 49.17 US dollars and selling it when it rose to 57 US dollars would guarantee a net return of 16%. If these two big gains could give eBay investors more confidence, it might even be possible for the share price to reach 60 US dollars in one go. In that case, there would be a net return of at least 22%.

Getting such a high income in two to three days was definitely a perfect short-term operation that could only be chanced upon.

Wei Lan had been extremely busy recently, so she did not pay much attention to some of Li Mu's movements. She did not know that Li Mu was wrestling with eBay across the ocean, so she asked him curiously, "What kind of way to make quick money is so powerful?

A conservative 15% profit in two days, that's a shocking rate of return! "

Li Mu smiled. "15% is just a conservative estimate. If it's high, it might be 25%."

Wei Lan was even more surprised. "So high?

What exactly do you do? "

Li Mu lightly spat out two words, "Speculating in the stock market."

"Ah?

Since when did you start trading stocks? "Wei Lan was even more confused.

Wei Lan had known Li Mu for some time, so she had a better understanding of the various things Li Mu dabbled in. Wei Lan knew that Li Mu was doing a lot of things and had also designed a lot of fields, but she had never heard him talk about trading stocks.

Actually, as someone who had been reborn, there were a few ways that Li Mu had never considered from the beginning to the end. One of them was the stock market.

Regardless of whether it was the domestic or foreign stock market, it was full of all kinds of traps and under-the-table operations. Under such circumstances, it was basically impossible for individual investors to really make a lot of money in the stock market.

The simplest reason was that the rise and fall of a stock was largely controlled by the market makers. In his previous life, this stock had risen greatly because the market makers were controlling it from behind. However, if large individual investors suddenly came in, how could they let the individual investors make a lot of money through their own manipulation?

They had to think of a way to wash out the individual investors first and then pull up the stock price. This way, the memory of this stock in his previous life would be completely distorted.

However, today's eBay was indeed a good opportunity to do short-term trading. This was because both the good and the bad were in his hands. Once the good news came, no one could stop the stock from soaring.

Therefore, Li Mu explained to Wei Lan, "I don't trade stocks. I just happened to be wrestling with an American company. I threw darts at them in Hua Xia. Their stock price has temporarily taken a hit, so it's a good opportunity to buy at a low price. I wanted to tell you about it and let the old man have a look at it."

Wei Lan asked in surprise, "You're wrestling with an American company?

Which American company? "

Li Mu said, "eBay."

"Ah?" Wei Lan was even more surprised. "You're wrestling with eBay?

That's a multinational company with a market value of 10 to 20 billion USD!

You won't lose out, right? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "I already said that they can't do anything to me if I throw darts."

Wei Lan couldn't help but exclaim, "Oh my god, I think with your speed, you'll be fighting with Bill Gates next year."

Li Mu said, "Don't wait until next year, I'll be fighting immediately. Someone said that his MSN is imitating my YY. If he really dares to copy my YY product design, I'll definitely fight with him to the end …"

Wei Lan couldn't help but laugh. "I know you're the best."

Then, Wei Lan's voice became serious. She asked, "But since you're wrestling with eBay, and their stock price has already fallen, you still want to buy at a low price. Could it be that you know they'll soon fight back?

When they fight back, will it affect you? "

Li Mu said confidently, "I'm wrestling with them now. They won't be able to fight back in a short period of time. But next, I want to shake hands with them and move forward hand in hand. If they accept, then they'll definitely pull up eBay's stock price."

Wei Lan asked curiously, "You're going to cooperate with eBay, but you're just using arm-wrestling to force them to compromise, right?"

"Yes."

Li Mu said, "eBay's stock price has fallen by 6% since the opening. The bad news hasn't been digested yet, and the stock price will continue to fall. If your parents are interested, you can ask them to buy a lot of eBay shares in two or three hours. Buy as much as they can, and find an opportunity to sell it at a high price tomorrow or the day after tomorrow."

Wei Lan immediately said, "Okay, my dad does invest in stocks in the United States, but it seems that he's playing very small now. It's just a form of leisure entertainment."

Li Mu asked, "Do they have money on hand?"

"Yes."

Wei Lan said, "After a lot of real estate was liquidated, it was all turned into foreign exchange and remitted to the United States. There's about 10 to 20 million USD."

Li Mu smiled and said, "10 million USD, they can earn at least one or two million USD. This matter is in the bag. If the old man is interested, buy as much as you can."

Wei Lan had extraordinary trust in Li Mu. If it was based on trust in humanity, Li Mu ranked third in her heart, second only to her parents. If it was based on trust in business, Li Mu ranked first in her heart, much higher than her parents.

Since Li Mu was already arm-wrestling with eBay, Li Mu would definitely not make a wrong judgment about eBay's stock price. Therefore, Wei Lan said to Li Mu, "Then I'll tell my dad now. If he makes money, I'll treat you to a meal!"

"Okay!"

…

Ten minutes later, Wei Jun, who was far away in the United States, sat in front of his computer and started to calculate how many eBay shares he could buy with his USD.

Wei Jun had been in the real estate business for many years. During this period, he had invested in the stock market quite a bit. He had a hobby of investing in the stock market. He liked to play, but he didn't play much. However, his understanding of the stock market was deeper than the average individual investor.

In Wei Jun's opinion, eBay's stock price had already fallen by 6%, and it was still falling. Based on this trend, if he waited for two to three hours, he might see 8%. However, since his daughter said that Li Mu's estimate was 7%, he was more willing to believe in Li Mu's analysis. Therefore, he decided to buy as much as he could after eBay's stock price fell below 7%.

Currently, Wei Jun had a total of more than 23 million USD in his hands. When Jun Cheng Real Estate was at its most critical moment, this was what his family of three could rely on in the future. However, everything was fine now. His daughter had a benefactor to help her, and the situation was very different. Moreover, now that it was Li Mu who gave him the information, he decided to invest all of the 23 million USD in eBay without hesitation.

If he bought eBay shares at 49.1 USD per share, he would be able to buy about 470,000 shares. However, Wei Jun felt that this kind of extremely confident insider information was something that could only be found by chance. Therefore, he immediately called a few Chinese friends in the United States and borrowed money from them using the high interest rate of 3.33% per day. The money would not be borrowed for long, but only for three days.

If he bought eBay shares at 49.1 USD per share, he would be able to buy about 470,000 shares. However, Wei Jun felt that this kind of extremely confident insider information was something that could only be found by chance. Therefore, he immediately called a few Chinese friends in the United States and borrowed money from them using the high interest rate of 3.33% per day.

But fortunately, Wei Jun only needed to borrow the money for three days. After three days, the interest was 1% of the principal.

If it wasn't for Li Mu who helped Wei Lan settle Jun Cheng Real Estate, gave Wei Lan a guaranteed contract of 800 million USD for three years, and gave Wei Lan a high-paying job, Wei Jun's friends in the United States would not dare to lend him such a large amount of cash.

However, it was different now. Although Wei Jun was still in a lawsuit, his daughter had at least 100 million USD of assets waiting to be cashed in. This contract was signed by Li Mu. Li Mu's reputation in the overseas Chinese community was so high that it was scary. Therefore, no one would doubt that Wei Jun could not repay the money he borrowed. Moreover, there was such a high interest rate. Lending him 1 million USD, and he could get back 1.01 million USD in three days. Such a good thing, no one would reject it.