Chapter 1505

Anyone who had a slight understanding of Makino Technology would know that the development of Makino Technology was almost always fighting everywhere. After defeating a series of competitors one after another, Makino Technology developed itself into the giant it was today.

However, Li Mu now publicly stated that the Internet industry needed industrial upgrading and needed to stop endless competition and confrontation in order to carry out complementary cooperation. This was particularly subtle.

Many people could hear what Li Mu actually wanted to express. In fact, he wanted the Internet companies around the world to give up on becoming giants and give up being hostile to Makino Technology. Google's choice was their best example.

Take a look at Google. When they decided to fight against Makino Technology, their valuation was quickly cut down again and again. When they decided to cooperate with Makino Technology, their valuation doubled again and again.

This was also the central idea that Li Mu vaguely conveyed to the entire industry: those who follow me will prosper, and those who oppose me will perish. In the future, there would be no next giant that could be compared to Makino Technology in the Internet industry. If there was, Li Mu would definitely destroy it.

Subsequently, Li Mu said on the stage, "I have two pieces of good news to tell everyone. The first is that Makino Technology will have a crowd creation support program to comprehensively support the development of small and medium-sized Internet companies around the world. This support includes, but is not limited to, financial support, resource support, technical and human support.

"The second is that Makino Technology will gradually build our product ecosystem into an open platform in the next two to three years. We will open up third-party companies to develop and operate plug-ins in YY, and we will open up the access of YY Game Platform to third-party game development companies. We will open up the third-party channels of YY Network, YY Space, YY Blog, and other platforms. All access partners will receive an open and transparent profit share;

"From now on, with Makino Technology, it will become easier to start an Internet business. If you are the person in charge of a small game development team, if you do not have enough ability to promote your own product and open up the market, you can download our access specifications from the YY Game Platform and then connect the game to the YY platform. Then, you can use YY's resources, users, and payment channels to realize the game. YY will share 55% of the top-up consumption of the game with you;

If you are the person in charge of a content team, you can connect your own content to the YY Network to realize the content. YY will pay you the income you deserve based on the number of views of the content;

If you are the person in charge of a design team, you can also design your own YY Show image and YY Space materials that belong to you. After your design passes the review, it will appear in the YY online store. If users buy your YY Show design, then we will also share 55% with you;

Even if you don't have a company, even if you don't have a team, even if you are just an ordinary designer, as long as you have works, you can cooperate with us. We will help you convert your talent into income, so that your talent will not be buried, and at the same time, you can also create income for yourself.

In short, in the near future, Makino Technology will open its arms and embrace Internet companies and entrepreneurs from all over the world! "

The audience below the stage applauded thunderously. In the current Internet industry, medium and large companies were using the capital market's money to incubate concepts. Small and medium-sized enterprises and start-ups were all desperately trying to survive. For countless enterprises, survival was the biggest problem.

Makino Technology was willing to support small and medium-sized enterprises and was willing to open up its product ecosystem and user ecosystem. It was an open platform for small and medium-sized enterprises to connect to and create income. It was definitely a huge boost and impetus for the industry and was enough to excite small and medium-sized enterprise entrepreneurs.

However, in addition to those excited small and medium-sized enterprise owners and entrepreneurs, some representatives of large international companies below the stage changed their expressions upon hearing this.

Although Makino Technology suddenly wanted to support small and medium-sized enterprises and open up its platform for small and medium-sized enterprises to create income, it also meant that, as Li Mu said, Makino Technology was really going to carry out industrial upgrading!

The real industrial upgrading of Makino Technology was to transform from Germany at the beginning of World War II to the United States after World War II. At the beginning of World War II, Germany was powerful. It was tyrannical and unscrupulous in Europe. No country was its opponent. Small countries were constantly defeated, annexed, and dismembered by it. Almost no country under its target was spared.

After World War II, the strength of the United States was even more powerful. However, they no longer adopted the route of crazy war and expansion like Germany at the beginning of World War II. Instead, they carried out comprehensive self-upgrading. On the one hand, they upgraded their strength to a higher level. On the other hand, they opened up their territory and market to the world. This kind of self-upgrading made the United States the most powerful country in the world in terms of comprehensive national strength. It allowed the world's capital to pour into the United States, and it also gave the United States enough initiative to carry out more in-depth self-upgrading. More and more countries depended on the United States for survival. All the countries that depended on the United States for survival were controlled by the United States to a great extent, which brought greater benefits to the United States.

The self-upgrading that Li Mu wanted to do for Makino Technology now was to make Makino Technology the "United States" of the entire Internet industry. While constantly improving the strength of Makino Technology, he would open up the ecosystem of Makino Technology to all small and medium-sized enterprises, providing these small and medium-sized enterprises with the conditions needed to survive. At the same time, he would always suppress these small and medium-sized enterprises within his own scope of control. If they were obedient, he would make money, and if they were disobedient, he would kill them directly.

In this way, it would be like Teng Xun in the future, but the influence of Teng Xun would be magnified to a global scale.

For the executives of big companies with enough scope, Li Mu's hegemonic thinking had been vividly demonstrated. If this open platform was really completed, Makino Technology would inevitably become the only hegemonic enterprise in the industry, which was a huge crisis for all large enterprises.

Opening up the platform was something that Li Mu had planned for a long time, and it was also the development path that Makino Technology would inevitably take in the future. Opening up the platform was a very ambitious strategic thinking. Small and medium-sized enterprises were equivalent to farmers who had been working on barren land, reclaiming in the wilderness, and working in bitter cold and arid deserts. Makino Technology had the best soil in the world, the most fertile, the flattest, and the most abundant rain and sunshine. Natural disasters were basically non-existent. If this land was opened up and other enterprises could plant and harvest on their land, it would be like going from hell to heaven for these farmers.

However, the open platform itself was a huge shackle and cage. It was like "The Truman Show". Although everything looked good, behind the scenes, their fate was in the hands of others.

There was a very direct example that made Li Mu deeply understand. When he was a code farmer in the Internet industry, Teng Xun opened up the authority of QQ user authorization to log in. In other words, third-party websites could directly provide users with QQ fast login methods. This could greatly reduce the cost of user registration and login, and increase the registration and login ratio of their own website.

However, when the function of QQ authorization to log in became popular, users were used to QQ authorization to log in wherever they went. This also led to users increasingly disliking the regular and cumbersome registration process. Over time, fewer and fewer users would choose to register on their own website. It should be known that users who registered on their own website would leave their registration information. Most of them would have their contact information, such as email addresses and mobile phone numbers. These were very important operational information for the platform. In the future, they would rely on these information to wake up users.

However, when users used QQ authorization to log in, QQ would not disclose the user's information to third-party websites. If the user entered a silent period, the website had no way to wake him up. Therefore, over time, QQ authorization to log in would not only cause fewer and fewer users to actually control, but it would also increase the dependence on QQ authorization to log in. When all netizens were used to QQ authorization to log in, if a certain website did not have it or stopped QQ authorization to log in, one could imagine how much impact it would have.

This was also why, after the development of the Internet to 2012, almost all major platforms, including QQ, WeChat, Weibo, and Baidu, had opened up the "authorization to log in" function.

In addition, WeChat's official account was also a very successful product within the open platform framework. WeChat opened its own users to these content production teams, and then let these content production teams create content for their own platform's users on their own platform. Not only did it increase the content volume and user activity of their own platform, but it also brought these content production teams a lot of income. They could use WeChat's official account to accumulate fans, and then do all kinds of fan monetization to support themselves. For example, WeChat's official account could easily earn more than 100 million a year.

However, as these account owners and content production teams had more and more fans on WeChat, and their income was getting higher and higher, their dependence on WeChat itself became more and more serious. WeChat allowed them to survive, let them gradually embark on the road to wealth, and even set foot on the peak of life. At that time, asking them to leave WeChat was more painful than killing them.

Once the open platform allowed small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurs to have a strong degree of dependence, the volume of the platform itself would also reach a height that other companies could not reach. At that level, almost no one could shake it.

In fact, even if an open platform could only succeed in one field, its volume was huge beyond imagination. For example, Taobao itself was an open e-commerce platform; WeChat's official account was an open platform for content producers; YouTube was an open platform for videos; Steam was an open platform for PC games; Apple's App Store was an open platform for mobile applications; Android was an open platform for mobile operating systems …