Chapter 504

Liu Xuebin was a man with a shrewd sense of the market.

He cleverly used Makino Technology and Xin Xin.

Lang really wanted to know the current situation of the former QQ technical team.

In front of Lang, he used Makino Technology as a bargaining chip to negotiate a high salary for himself and the team. Moreover, he also knew how to analyze it. He felt that compared to Makino Technology, Xin Xin was the one who was more willing to spend a lot of money.

Moreover, Xin Xin was the one who was more willing to spend a lot of money.

Moreover, Xin Xin was in the dark and Makino Technology was in the light. He used Makino Technology to threaten Xin Xin Xin.

Lang could easily achieve results, but if Xin Xin used Lang to threaten Xin Xin.

If Lang used Lang to threaten Makino Technology, then if Makino Technology used this to make an issue of Xin Xin.

If Lang found out that their product was leaked by him to a competitor, he would probably follow Xin Xin.

Lang would become enemies.

Therefore, after thinking about it, he felt that he could only use Makino Technology to threaten Xin Xin.

Lang could only start over.

Lang had obtained the best signing conditions, so no matter what, he had to sign Xin Xin.

Moreover, he had brought his team along to sign the contract.

Sure and Xin Xin.

Lang's cooperation, Liu Xuebin used everyone's complicated feelings about Makino Technology to combine Xin Xin.

Lang's treatment described Makino Technology as a purgatory existence for the former QQ technical team. It easily made most of the team members make the choice they wanted.

After Liu Xuebin returned to Shenzhen and met with his former QQ team, he had already received the clear intentions of 84 people on the spot. They did not hesitate to follow in Liu Xuebin's footsteps and join Xin Xin.

This made Liu Xuebin quite excited. The signing fee of five hundred thousand was settled, and when he brought his wife and children to Beijing, he could directly buy a suite. All these years in Shenzhen City, after deducting all kinds of expenses, he did not save much money, so five hundred thousand in cash was indeed a very large amount for him. Moreover, he also had a guaranteed base salary of four hundred thousand, quarterly bonus, year-end bonus, and other benefits. As long as he stayed in Beijing for a year, he would be able to earn one million.

Xin?

Lang's human resources director immediately took a plane the next day and rushed to Shenzhen with 85 contracts. He signed the labor contracts with Liu Xuebin and the other 84 people.

New?

Lang couldn't wait any longer, and these technicians who had been fired from QQ for a period of time were also bored out of their minds. So, after everyone signed the contract, they hit it off. On the first Monday of June, 85 people, including Liu Xuebin, officially went to the company to complete the entry procedures.

The contract was signed. New?

The Human Resources Director reported the good news to the headquarters in Beijing.

CEO Lang excitedly gathered all the higher-ups and department heads for a meeting.

In the meeting, Lang's follow-up operation policy was discussed.

CEO Lang had high hopes for UC, believing that the new CEO

As long as Lang UC could approach Makino Technology in terms of products, it would definitely succeed in the future.

Langjian was already one of the top Chinese portals with a huge number of users. If they could make use of the advantages of the portal and achieve a certain level of success in the field of instant messaging, then the company's stock price would be greatly increased.

Investors loved to listen to stories. The bigger the story, the more confident they would be, and the higher the company's stock price and valuation would be. New?

Wave had been in Nasdaq for two years. This was something he was very clear about. Therefore, the most important thing now was to take a new step forward and make UC a new brand.

Lang would become the first competitive product of the Langjian portal.

Chen Tong was the vice president and the person in charge of the entire portal network. Therefore, every step of UC's future strategy would be inseparable from his support. And because of his great success with the portal, the CEO felt that Chen Tong's product and operation ideas were very clear. He would definitely be able to provide very good advice to UC.

However, unlike the others at the conference table, Chen Tong didn't feel excited at the moment, nor did he feel expectant. As early as before Makino Technology came out of YY, Chen Tong felt that it was impossible for UC to win against QQ.

Because Lang didn't have the gene to do social networking.

New?

Langjian had two major business segments. The first was the portal, and the second was the wireless department that was just established this year. These two business segments were very different. The portal was a platform that provided online news and consulting content. It gave users a platform to understand the current political hot spots and the content of various major sections. The wireless department, on the other hand, mainly cooperated with the two major operators to think about mobile phone wireless value-added services. They directly earned money from the majority of mobile phone users through channels. The former model was very healthy, while the latter was somewhat opportunistic.

Mobile phone wireless value-added services did not have much to do with the mobile Internet in 2002. The current wireless value-added services mainly referred to various value-added services developed for mobile phone users. The most representative was the color ring. Although the color ring business was considered healthy overall, many gimmicks such as fortune-telling, money-grubbing, name testing, and marriage testing were used to induce users to order various value-added services through text messages. This was deliberately setting up a variety of money-sucking traps for users.

Often, when users accidentally sent a text message, they would have to pay a few yuan or even more than ten yuan from their bill every month. Today's mobile phone bills were still very expensive. Most users did not feel the increase of spending a few yuan or more per month. Therefore, there were very few complaints from users. The profits were shockingly high. This kind of borderline play model was the most profitable type of wireless value-added services.

Chen Tong believed that the current New?

The real core of Langjian was still the portal network. The quality of users on the portal network compared to YY users was not just a little bit worse. YY users' dependence on YY had reached a point where it was indispensable. But for New?

For Langjian users, there were too many portals. The content around current politics was generally similar. Therefore, New?

Langjian users versus New?

Langjian users did not have a real sense of dependence. At this time, it was really unwise to take out so much energy and invest so much manpower to go against YY.

However, the higher-ups did not care. They only felt that the field of instant messaging was a treasure trove.

Regardless of whether there was a chance for Langjian or not, they had to give it a try. The more they got, the more successful they would be. At most, it would be a failure. If they failed, they could just give up.

In this case, it was still very easy for Langjian. Even if the new business line failed, it would not have any impact on the stock price.

Faced with the guerrilla tactics of the higher-ups, Chen Tong expressed his concerns. "Makino Technology's style has always been strange and tough. Their understanding of Internet users and products far surpasses all of us here. Moreover, Liu Xuebin also said that Makino Technology has been keeping an eye on their team and wants to recruit them into the YY team. In this case, what if Liu Xuebin brings nearly a hundred people from the former QQ technical team to join the new team?

I'm afraid that Makino Technology will soon get the news. At that time, this team will not be familiar with the new team.

The environment of Langjian users will not be able to join the new team.

If Langjian UC types out a character code, we will already be enemies in the eyes of Makino Technology. "

The CEO smiled and said, "Old Chen, don't be so afraid of Makino Technology just because they are developing rapidly now. We are just trying to do social networking. If we succeed, everyone will be happy. If we fail, the loss to us is very small. So what if we are directly competing with Makino Technology?

Is it because of the strength of Makino Technology and YY that no one in the country will dare to make instant messaging software in the future? "

Chen Tong said, "CEO Mao, that's not what I meant. I just think that Makino Technology's style is too fierce. Teng Xun copied their Tieba and a farm, and they directly created YY to destroy QQ. In this case, we still want to compete with them. We must be very careful. If they turn around and make a portal, how should we deal with them?"

The CEO waved his hand and said, "Old Chen, if everyone has the same mentality as you, we will still be a portal in 20 years."

Another vice president, who was at the same level as Chen Tong, also nodded and said, "Old Chen, we all admit that you are a good operator, but you can't be too cautious when it comes to new business. If you are worried that the company's new business will make an enemy of Muye Technology and force Muye Technology to draw the fire of war to the portal you are responsible for, then this idea is too unnecessary."

Chen Tong was born in the content industry, and he was also an idealist in the Internet industry. The biggest obsession of this kind of person was not to make money, not to achieve success and fame, but to make the best products, provide the best services, and make the best brands. Now, his kind warning was misunderstood by others as being afraid of being implicated, which made it difficult for him to accept.

Chen Tong said tit for tat, "Old Xu, you're going too far by saying that. I'm not worried that the Web Portal will be implicated. I just think that everyone is thinking too simply about the impetus of this matter and is too optimistic about the consequences of this matter. So, I'm giving an objective opinion to slow everyone down a little."

The vice president, who was called Old Xu, was called Xu Jinzhong.

He was mainly responsible for the revenue of Sina Net and the development of new business. At this time, he deliberately took this opportunity to embarrass Chen Tong and said, "Old Chen, it is true that you want everyone to slow down a little, but according to what you said, all the people who are holding us back are also helping us to slow down the pace, right?

Everyone here today, except for you, is very supportive of UC's plan. We have a product, a team, and resources. The chances of success are very high. Why are you always so negative? What's with your mentality? "

Chen Tong was about to refute, but when he saw that everyone else also had a look of agreement, and some even nodded to themselves, he knew that it was useless for him to say anything more today. Xu Jinzhong's words had already penetrated into the hearts of others. Now they must all think that he was afraid that the portal would be implicated by Makino Technology in the future, so he would rather let the company stop the development of new business to protect the safety of his own territory. If he insisted on opposing it, he was afraid that he would become a public enemy.