Chapter 1597

While the two families were chatting, Li Mu had been thinking about Zhao Xianliang's suggestion.

It was indeed a very clever operation to invite Prince William to Hua Xia in the name of private affairs. If the Windsor family agreed to let William come over, it would be equivalent to letting William visit Hua Xia in disguise.

Although the prince was not an actual government official, in the hearts of the people, he represented the government of their country to a large extent. Moreover, the identity of the prince was not as absolute as that of a government official. He could guarantee his official image while maintaining his private image, which was particularly flexible.

In principle, inviting William over would not escalate to the government level, nor would it escalate to a diplomatic incident. However, in the hearts of the people of the two countries, it was not diplomacy, but it was better than diplomacy. This kind of operation was more flexible.

If William came over, he could gain a lot of recognition from the people of Hua Xia, and at the same time, he could also gain a lot of praise from the British people. For Makino Technology, this was definitely a good opportunity to improve its image in the hearts of European people. As long as there was a tacit understanding, everyone would get what they needed and cooperate for a win-win situation.

Before the meal, Li Mu personally called William and sent him an invitation to visit Makino Technology.

After receiving Li Mu's invitation, William was particularly excited.

In the days that Li Mu left the UK, he gained more and more. His Twitter followers continued to grow, and his questions about education also attracted more and more people's attention.

Now, William's popularity in the UK was increasing, and it even increased the people's love for the royal family.

In many cases, the royal family would be questioned because there was no successor. If the descendants of the royal family were too mediocre, the people's interest and love for the royal family would become weaker and weaker. However, the opposite was also true. If the descendants of the royal family had outstanding talents, the people would have hope for the royal family again, thinking that it was a blessing for the royal family and even a blessing for the country.

William was precisely the royal rookie in the second situation.

Not only William himself, but also the Queen and the entire royal family hoped that he could continue to deepen contact and cooperation with Li Mu. However, Li Mu had just left the UK, and they could not immediately let William contact Li Mu. They even asked Li Mu to plan the next stage of development for William.

Just as he was resisting the urge, Li Mu's call came.

William said to Li Mu over the phone, "Mr Lee, personally, I'm very willing to go to Hua Xia to learn more from you. I just don't know when would be convenient for you?"

Li Mu said, "I'll be returning to Yanjing in two days. After returning to Yanjing, it's very convenient. However, it's best if you return as soon as possible. Don't delay for too long."

William immediately said, "Then I'll go and discuss with the other people in my family. After setting a time, I'll confirm with you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "No problem. You can communicate with Prince Charles or Her Majesty the Queen to see which time node is the fastest. This trip cannot be too short, at least five days."

"I understand!" William blurted out, "Then I'll go and communicate with my father and the Queen."

"Okay, I'll wait for your news."

Li Mu hung up the phone and enjoyed dinner with his parents, godsister Li Ziwei, and Zhao Ziqiu's family of three. Prince William, who was far away in the UK, rushed back to Windsor Castle like crazy. His father and grandmother were both in Windsor Castle at the moment.

The Queen was personally walking several corgis in the green area of the castle. These corgis were all descendants of a corgi that she had raised when she was young. After so many years, this corgi's bloodline had been continued, making the corgi the "royal dog" of the British royal family.

The eldest son, Charles, trotted out of the castle and stopped in front of the Queen. He panted and said, "Mom, William is back. He said that Li Mu just called him."

"Oh?" The Queen suddenly became excited and asked him, "What did Li Mu say to William on the phone?"

Charles said, "Li Mu personally invited William to visit and inspect Makino Technology and his Taobao Network."

The Queen said excitedly, "Oh, that's a great thing!

Has the itinerary been set? "

Charles said with a smile, "Not yet. I wanted to wait for you to go and discuss it."

The Queen nodded and said, "We need to set the itinerary and the publicity strategy. Even what gift Hua Xia wants to prepare for Li Mu must be carefully considered."

Charles agreed and said, "I think so too, so I have to ask you to make the decision."

The Queen said happily, "It's really great that Li Mu is willing to be tied to William. I used to worry that with Li Mu's size and ability, he might not be willing to play with our Windsor family."

The Queen was right. Under normal circumstances, the entire British Internet market was not very important to Li Mu. Therefore, the British royal family might not be important enough in his eyes.

In this case, Li Mu was still willing to play with William, which would indeed make the Windsor family feel that they were climbing up the social ladder.

Moreover, they could not push William to a new level and height by relying on their own abilities. At the moment, their biggest reliance was Li Mu.

The Queen and Charles returned to the castle together. William and other important members of the family were already waiting there.

As soon as she entered her living room, the Queen could not wait to ask William, "Tell me quickly, what did Li Mu say on the phone?

William hurriedly repeated what Li Mu said on the phone. After listening, the Queen nodded with satisfaction and said, "This is an excellent opportunity. Although Li Mu invited you in his personal name, this invitation will bring you a strong political empowerment. This is especially important for members of the royal family."

The parliament's control of the royal family was very strict, and the strictest was the political route. Generally speaking, members of the royal family could be soldiers and civil servants, but they could not be actual executives of departments with real power. Therefore, although the royal family wanted to increase their political leverage, no matter how much they added, they could not escape the fate of being a mascot.

However, if William could successfully improve his political empowerment through his own operation, then he would naturally have a bargaining chip with the parliament in the future. This was very important.

William asked the Queen, "Grandmother, when do you think it is appropriate for me to set off later?"

"As soon as possible!"

The Queen said, "Hua Xia has an idiom: strike while the iron is hot. You have to keep up with this momentum in order to achieve the greatest achievements."

After that, the Queen said to Prince Charles, "You go and arrange a plane. It is best to leave in two days and arrive in three days. However, you still have to communicate with Li Mu about the specific time, in case William arrives in Beijing and he is not there."

Charles nodded repeatedly. "Okay, I will arrange it right away."

At this time, the Queen said, "In addition to the plane, you have to think about what gift to give to Li Mu."

Charles said, "Why don't we select the Hua Xia cultural relics in the royal collection and choose one or two from them to give to Li Mu as a gift? What do you think?"

The Queen agreed and said, "Huaxia cultural relics are good. They are sincere and valuable enough, but I don't think that's enough. Let's see if there's anything that's closer to life and more humane."

William, who was at the side, said, "Why don't we fight for some honorary titles for Li Mu? Many entrepreneurs pay special attention to this."

The Queen shook her head gently and said, "Honorary titles are only meaningful to people who really think it is valuable. For Li Mu, I don't think it is meaningful. Moreover, we have already awarded him a GBE. This is already the highest level of honorary titles we can award."

William nodded gently. The Queen was right. If he awarded an honorary title or medal to Li Mu now, Li Mu would definitely look down on it and would not take it seriously.

At this moment, the Queen suddenly had an idea and blurted out, "William, when you go to Hua Xia this time, bring a corgi for Li Mu. It just so happens that the litter of puppies that Susan gave birth to is almost two months old. Choose the one with the best appearance and the best character to give to Li Mu."

Charles could not help but ask, "Give a corgi?

Are you willing to? "

The Queen smiled and said, "There is nothing to be unwilling about. Giving a puppy bred by the royal family to Li Mu can be considered as giving Li Mu a different explanation.

This treatment is unprecedented. "

Charles nodded gently and said, "Then leave this matter to me."

"Go."

…

Li Mu did not stay in Hangzhou for too long.

On the one hand, his parents did not have much time and could only stay in Hangzhou for two days at most. On the other hand, he was also anxious to rush back to promote other work. Moreover, in Zhao Ziqiu's house, he and her parents were both there, so the two of them did not dare to have any intimate actions. At night, Zhao Ziqiu did not dare to sneak into Li Mu's room at all. This feeling was somewhat torturous.

After accompanying his parents to stay in Hangzhou for two days and touring West Lake and other scenic spots, Li Mu's parents could not sit still anymore.

Li Ma was thinking about going back to start the next stage of the business, and Li Mu was thinking about going back to Yan Jing to start his own business. Therefore, Li Mu took his parents to say goodbye to Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun.

Before leaving, Li Mu made an "application" to Xie Yun, hoping that she could let Zhao Ziqiu go with him as soon as possible. Fortunately, Xie Yun made things difficult for Li Mu and gave him plenty of space and power to choose.

Li Mu's parents also boarded the business plane that Li Mu had chartered. The plane took off from Hangzhou and landed at Jinling Airport after a short distance.

Mr. and Mrs. Li informed their driver in advance, and the driver arrived just in time to take the old couple back to Haizhou soon after they got off the plane.

The plane continued to fly from Haizhou to Yan Jing. Zhao Ziqiu sat next to Li Mu and asked him in a low voice, "I'll go to Ziyun Villa with you tonight. The school hasn't started yet, so the dormitory is not open."