Chapter 1658

The reason why Li Mu asked Titter to completely lift the restriction on Mars' keywords was that Zhao Kang's water army had already laid the groundwork on the global internet.

Now, the internet was full of netizens who wanted to scold Mars. The huge wave of public opinion was like a dam filled with water. It was a good opportunity for them to let the floodgates open, allowing them to destroy their opponents.

Since the netizens wanted to scold Mars, they must have a foothold. That was why he asked the technicians to restore all of Mars' official Weibo content. Every post on these official Weibo was a foothold for the netizens to attack.

When Mars realized that there was a tidal wave of scolding, the first thing they did was to immediately prepare to release an official statement. However, they sadly realized that Makino Technology only lifted the restriction on keywords and restored their Titter content. However, they were not given the right to publish content.

In other words, they could not publish any content now. They went from being deaf and mute to being mute but not deaf.

They were mute but not deaf. For Mars, this was the most painful experience. The whole world was scolding them, but they could not talk back at all.

Neil watched as tens of thousands of negative comments swarmed in. He was as anxious as ants on a hot pan. He quickly ordered the staff in charge of Titter's operations to delete all the comments. However, when they tried to delete them, they realized that the system only popped up a line of notification when they clicked on the delete button. "Request timed out. Please try again later."

Neil asked angrily, "What does the request timed out mean?"

The technical director shook his head with a dumbfounded look and said, "I'm not too sure about this. Maybe there's some technical problem with Titter."

Neil frowned and said, "Use your personal accounts to try and see if you can delete comments!"

The technical director immediately arranged for the staff to test it out. After a few tests, he found that deleting comments from personal accounts was very easy. Every click would be successfully deleted. There was no notification of the request timed out at all. The success rate was 100%.

Neil suddenly understood that he had fallen into Li Mu's trap again.

He hurriedly said, "Quick, we'll clear all the Titter content ourselves. Don't give netizens a chance to post negative comments!"

The operators hurriedly followed the instructions, but they soon discovered that when they clicked to delete the tweet, the same notification popped up, informing them that the request had exceeded the time limit.

Neil was so angry that he almost had a heart attack. Li Mu was too ruthless. He didn't allow him to delete his comments or tweets. Wasn't he clearly leaving him to be scolded?

Moreover, Titter did not explicitly disable Mars' permission to delete comments, nor did it explicitly disable their permission to delete their own tweets. Instead, they used a method that looked like a technical malfunction to tactfully achieve their goal. To Neil, it was extremely sinister.

Neil was so angry that he personally wrote a statement and asked his head of public relations to send it directly to the public relations department of Makino Technology.

In the statement, Neil righteously condemned Makino Technology for deliberately disabling their permission to operate. He also strongly requested Makino Technology to give them a clear explanation. Otherwise, he would use the media to protest.

When the public relations department of Makino Technology received the email, they immediately questioned Li Mu. Faced with Mars' protests and threats, Li Mu only smiled faintly and said, "Reply to them. Say that this is a technical malfunction caused by Mars' official Titter's excessive number of comments. We're actively trying to resolve it. Please forgive them. Also, suggest that they do a good job of maintaining their corporate image and public relations. Otherwise, it will cause us trouble if they keep triggering such a large number of comments from netizens."

The public relations department of Makino Technology immediately replied to Mars' original words in English. When Neil and the other executives of Mars saw the reply, they were so angry that they wanted to vomit blood.

Li Mu actually said that this was a malfunction caused by the large number of comments from Mars?!

Mars originally wanted to question Li Mu and force Li Mu to solve this problem. They also guessed that Li Mu might kick the ball around. For example, he might kick the ball to the public relations department, the public relations department might kick the ball to the technical department, and the technical department would kick the ball to the commercial department or other departments. However, they never dreamed that the ball would be kicked back to them by Li Mu, and with such great force!

Li Mu suddenly pushed all the blame to Mars. He said that it was because their reputation was so bad that so many netizens flocked to scold them. That was why there was a technical problem. He even suggested that they do a good job of maintaining their corporate image and public relations. This was simply kicking the ball right in their crotch.

Neil's expression was extremely ugly. He never dreamed that Li Mu could make such a shameless response. The most hateful thing was that he knew that Li Mu was lying, but there was nothing he could do.

What else could he do now that things had come to this?

If they continued to kick the ball to Li Mu, they would only be met with a stronger counterattack from Li Mu. In comparison, the strength they used to kick the ball to Li Mu was like a three-year-old practicing passing a ball. However, the strength Li Mu used to kick the ball back was like Roberto Carlos' free kick bombarding the goal!

In this case, the ball that Mars kicked out became the opponent's weapon to attack them. They just wanted to quickly pick up the ball and not let it roll to Li Mu's feet no matter what.

However, this also meant that all of Neil's methods were child's play in front of Li Mu.

Now that Mars' negative reputation was flying around, the company had no way to release even a public statement. This was simply a tragedy that had never happened among the world's top 500 companies. For any of the world's top 500 companies, they had a perfect organizational structure, strong business capabilities, and top-notch public relations capabilities. It could be said that the world's top 500 companies were the true top veterans among the countless companies in the world.

However, no one would have thought that an "old driver" like Mars would actually have an accident during an extremely ordinary process of reversing a warehouse. They stepped on the accelerator and hit a pillar. The car was smashed to pieces, but the pillar was unscathed.

Although the media was unwilling to help Mars speak up to provoke Li Mu, they were willing to stand from God's perspective and ridicule Mars like adding oil to the fire.

As a result, all the major economic media published articles one after another, defining the series of causes and consequences of Mars's "pengci marketing" as the stupidest corporate marketing and public relations behavior in the past decade. It was a textbook negative case. As the CEO of Mars, Neil was directly singled out by the major media for criticism and criticism. The media detailed his ridiculous actions along the way and defined five sins for him.

First, he misjudged the potential value of Li Gouzi's Weibo and missed a good opportunity in the auction. It was enough to show that he was short-sighted.

Second, he did not hesitate to pengci Makino Technology in order to gain popularity, and offended the influential Li Mu. It was enough to show that he had no fear at all.

Third, when Makino Technology ordered them to stop the pengci marketing, he still committed crimes and even resisted stubbornly. It was enough to show that he did not see the big picture at all.

Fourth, Makino Technology completely blocked public opinion in the media and completely blocked Mars' voice channels. However, Neil did not repent in time and continued to resist stubbornly. It was enough to show that he did not have the basic qualities of a CEO.

Fifth, as the CEO of a company with a market value of more than 10 billion USD, Neil could push Mars into such a passive situation step by step. It was enough to show that this person did not have the basic qualities of a CEO.

As soon as the statement of the five sins came out, the entire business circle and financial world were disappointed in Neil. Wall Street even defined Neil as the worst CEO in the 21st century. It made Neil's situation in the industry extremely passive all of a sudden.

These media who were watching the commotion added fuel to the fire, causing Mars' reputation to plummet on a global scale. Only then did Neil truly realize how big of a mess he had caused.

Neil was completely panicking at this time.

The impact of this incident was far beyond what Neil could control. Now that Mars' defeat was set in stone, his own reputation had been ruined. He had really suffered a double loss this time.

The chairman of the board of directors of Mars called angrily at this time. He scolded Neil as soon as he spoke, then warned him that he must solve this problem in the shortest time possible, and that he must shake hands with Li Mu. Otherwise, he would terminate Neil's CEO term prematurely.

Neil knew very well that Mars was in trouble this time because of him. If he was driven away by Mars, then he would have almost no chance to find another appointment as a CEO of a big company in the future. His name would be known by the entire entrepreneurial and investment circles. All companies and capitals would avoid him like the plague. He might not have a chance to turn things around in this lifetime.

Thinking of this, Neil was panicking and afraid. He hurriedly wanted to get in touch with Li Mu and apologize to Li Mu over the phone. However, his request was rejected by Li Mu.

Makino Technology relayed Li Mu's words to him. "If you want to communicate, then let the person with the most shares of Mars come out and talk to me. As for Neil, suggest that he go back to where he came from."

After Neil saw Makino Technology's scornful and contemptuous reply, he was uncharacteristically not angry at all.

Not only was he not angry, but his previous arrogance suddenly vanished. He finally understood how big the gap between him and Li Mu was. Although he had built a good platform, Li Mu was the creator of an even bigger platform. The gap between them was more than 108,000 miles.

Even if Mars' boss and major shareholders were to talk to Li Mu, they would be much lower than Li Mu, let alone a CEO like him.

After Neil was rejected by Makino Technology, the contents of Makino Technology's reply had already reached the ears of the chairman of Mars' board of directors. At that moment, he wanted to tear Neil into pieces, but he had to focus on the most important thing first.

Soon, Makino Technology received an email from the chairman of Mars' board of directors, the real big boss of Mars. In the email, he repeatedly apologized to Li Mu and took the initiative to declare that he would severely punish Neil for what he had done. However, Li Mu scoffed at his words.

Then, he said to the person in charge of the public relations department, "Write back to him and tell him that Hua Xia has an idiom called 'carrying a thorn to ask for forgiveness'. As for what it means, let him figure it out himself!"

First, set a small goal. For example, remember in 1 second: Bookseller's Mobile