Chapter 192

Li Mu, who was used to eating crabs, wasn't very interested in hairy crabs. He was a heavy eater and rarely ate steamed crabs. When he did eat, he would eat spicy crabs or baked crabs with salted egg yolk. Although he wasn't interested in the big plate of steamed hairy crabs that Zhao Ziqiu had painstakingly made, he still couldn't stop praising it. This made Zhao Ziqiu especially satisfied.

As for Zhao Ziqiu, she was obviously an expert in eating crabs. Whether it was the meat, crab roe, or crab paste, she ate them all cleanly.

While the two of them were busy dealing with the big pile of hairy crabs, Zhao Ziqiu's mother, who was far away in Hangzhou, was sitting on the sofa alone with a frown.

In her eyes, her daughter had always been sensible and well-behaved. Ever since she was young, she would talk to her about everything. She had almost never lied before. However, today, this girl had lied to her one after another. After thinking about it carefully, the possibility of this made her panic.

Girls in puberty most likely learned to lie because they were of the opposite sex. Zhao Ziqiu's mother was also at this age, so she could understand the mentality of young people at this age. However, understanding was one thing, but whether or not they could accept it was another.

What happened today wasn't a big deal. It was just that her daughter was indeed learning how to make hairy crabs, but it wasn't in her own mansion in the Asian Games Village, and it wasn't with her childhood friend, Jingyi. If she was with other friends or roommates, there was no need for her to lie. She could just tell the truth. The most likely reason for her to lie was that she was with a guy right now.

Steaming crabs wasn't a big deal, but for young people who were 18 or 19 years old, it was more or less troublesome. There had to be a place, right?

A normal dormitory or a hotel didn't have this condition, so it was most likely someone's home. In addition to the conclusion that her daughter was with a boy, Zhao Ziqiu's mother had a bad feeling.

There was a huge difference in the mentality of the parents of girls and the parents of boys in this aspect. The biggest concern of the parents of boys was not to cause trouble and take good care of themselves, while the biggest concern of the parents of girls was not to be bullied or wronged.

This was especially true for the parents of a beautiful girl like Zhao Ziqiu. Normally, they would want to protect her with all their might, so that she wouldn't be harassed by those hormonal boys. If they knew that their daughter might be with a boy in private, or that she had cooked steamed hairy crabs, which were obviously domestic activities, it would be strange if they weren't worried.

Mrs. Zhao called Mr. Zhao's cell phone and hurriedly told him her speculation and worries.

Zhao Ziqiu's father was silent for a moment on the other end of the phone, then said, "Now that you mention it, I remember that my daughter seems to really admire a guy."

"Is that so?

When did that happen? "

Father Zhao said, "She told me on the phone one time that the boy created an amazing tutoring website that specializes in helping freshmen find part-time tutors."

"Are you suspecting that there's something going on between our daughter and that boy?"

Father Zhao said, "I can't say for sure, but don't think too much about it. Ziqiu lives so far away in Yanjing; it's impossible for you to control her. You can only hope that she can protect herself."

Mother Zhao blurted out, "Nonsense. What I'm worried about is what if she can't protect herself."

Father Zhao smiled slightly and said, "This is a test of the success of our years of educating her. She's grown up; you can't keep her under your nose all the time, nor can you be too sensitive to the people or things around her." Father Zhao smiled slightly and said, "This is a test of the success of our education.

"Easy for you to say." Mother Zhao muttered unhappily. "Then what about Jiahui?

He's such a good boy. "

Father Zhao laughed and said, "Aren't you worrying for nothing?

Have you asked your daughter whether she likes him or not?

Have you asked him whether he likes your daughter or not?

I understand how you feel. Since the two of them already know each other, whether they can be together or not will depend on their fate. We can't interfere too much. "

"Fine, fine, fine, you're the most open-minded," Mother Zhao muttered a little unhappily and said, "I'm not going to talk to you anymore, it's like playing the lute to a cow."

…

While eating crabs, Zhao Ziqiu inadvertently revealed something to Li Mu. "I saw a CCTV car at school yesterday afternoon; it looked like they were here for an interview. I heard from a classmate last night that CCTV came to interview several students who participated in 3321, including Han Bowen, the most powerful person on 3321."

"Really?" Li Mu looked surprised.

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said affirmatively, "I saw the interview car with my own eyes, and my roommate told me about the interview. It shouldn't be fake, right?"

Li Mu was delighted and said, "I've been waiting for them for a week, but I haven't seen any sign of them. I didn't expect them to directly bypass me and the National People's Congress to go to Beijing University for a mass interview."

Zhao Ziqiu asked, "What's wrong?

You've been waiting for them to interview you? "

Li Mu said, "Yeah, I've been waiting for so long that the flowers have withered. Although 3321 is quite influential now, it's still a local entrepreneurial project. It can't really attract the attention of the whole country yet. In the first week, other than a few web portals, the rest were basically Yanjing local media outlets. None of the national media outlets showed up."

As he said that, Li Mu also sighed. "Now I understand, they've been watching in the dark. Regarding this new thing like 3321, their attitude is much more cautious than the local media outlets. But if you think about it, it's understandable. After all, they're the most authoritative and top-notch media outlets in the country, so they can see things more deeply than others."

Zhao Ziqiu said, "That's true. They actually didn't interview you, they didn't even go to the National People's Congress. They directly went to Beijing University to find a few part-time students from 3321 to interview them. They probably want to get the most honest feedback."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Directly interviewing those students should be to find out what they got from 3321 as the core participants. I hope that those students who made money from 3321 won't be a burden to 3321 at this time."

…

After dinner, Zhao Ziqiu helped Li Mu clean up the mess and went back to school. She could also see that Li Mu was very busy, so she didn't want to stay and disturb him.

Li Mu sent her downstairs and stopped a car to send her up. He silently noted down the car's license plate and sent the number to Zhao Ziqiu. After that, he returned to Yucheng Garden to continue developing the Legendary plug-in.

On Monday, Chen Wan went to CCTV to participate in the preliminary interview. It was said that she felt good, but the results of the second interview would only be out in two days, so she focused on preparing for Yanjing TV Station's interview on Thursday.

On Monday night, Li Mu wanted to ask her out for dinner with Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue. After all, they were all from Haizhou, so the intimacy of eating together in a different place was very strong. However, Chen Wan said that she already had an appointment with Dong Ai, so she could only go to Dong Ai's appointment for the time being.

So, Li Mu simply asked Su Yingxue out for dinner. Although he said that he wanted to pursue her in a daze after drinking two glasses of wine that day, after calming down, Li Mu still hadn't figured out where to start. If it was another girl, he might understand, but when it came to Su Yingxue, Li Mu didn't know where to start.

So, the two of them casually ate some stir-fried food on the second floor of the school cafeteria. During that time, Li Mu kept staring at the news broadcast. There was no ambiguous content in his conversation with Su Yingxue, and it seemed no different from before.

Fortunately, Su Yingxue was also a person who warmed up slowly. In her opinion, Li Mu seemed to be deliberately slowing down the pace, but this made her feel more natural and relaxed.

After watching half an hour of the news broadcast, Li Mu still didn't see a single word about 3321. The last piece of news was about the environmental pollution of a certain chemical plant. The host said that there would be a special report on the focus interview later, and Li Mu couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.

He didn't expect 3321 to be on the focus interview, he just hoped to be mentioned in the 30-minute news broadcast. Now it seemed that this hope was going to be dashed. Maybe tonight or tomorrow morning at 6 or 7 AM, there would be a report on the evening or morning news, but the influence of that would be infinitely less than the news broadcast.

At the moment, the local television stations in each province and city only had one or two or three channels. Moreover, for the closed-circuit television viewers in any province and city, other than the local television station and the provincial television station, the other provincial television stations all had a first-class television station, and all first-class television stations in each province and city had to broadcast the news broadcast.

In other words, in this era, among the limited dozens of television channels from 7 PM to 7: 30 PM, more than 90% of them were broadcasting the news broadcast, so the influence of this program could be said to be unparalleled. Only the annual Spring Festival Gala could compete with it.

Su Yingxue had been paying attention to Li Mu. Seeing that his eyes kept glancing at the TV hanging diagonally above him from time to time, she asked him, "When did you start to like watching the news broadcast?"

Li Mu said, "I heard that on Saturday, CCTV reporters went to Yan University and interviewed a few students working part-time at 3321. It's been two days, why haven't there been any news yet?"

Su Yingxue smiled. "Don't be anxious. Since Central TV has already sent a reporter to interview you, it will definitely be reported on. 3321 is a purely non-profit organization. There won't be any negative news at all, so there's no possibility of the news being taken down."

Li Mu nodded, but his expression was still a little anxious. Li Mu didn't just want to do public welfare and gain fame, he wanted to use public welfare to gain a good background and future for Alipay.