Chapter 147

Su Yingxue did not understand Li Mu's concerns, but thinking about it carefully, Li Mu probably wanted to keep a low profile. After all, he was still in school. Su Yingxue also felt that if a freshman were to register a company and start promoting his company's business on campus, it would be too high profile.

However, putting aside the question of whether it would become a company or not, Su Yingxue also felt that 3321 had a lot of significance. There was no good land for part-time jobs for students in school. High school parents also did not realize the problem that Li Mu had mentioned. The most suitable person to tutor high school students was not the school's teachers, but the high school students who had just achieved excellent results in the college entrance examination.

Li Mu said that this was only one of the advantages of being a high school student.

When parents wanted to tutor their children, the traditional model was to find a teacher for each subject. Usually, teachers would hold classes at home, so it was inevitable that the children would have to run around. Now, a high school liberal arts student could directly find a Peking University liberal arts freshman, and that would be perfect.

Moreover, the age difference between the students was not big, only one or two years. They would have a common language and would have their own role models, so the effect would definitely be better than that of a teacher.

There was another advantage: the school could match the major.

Beijing local examinees were more inclined towards Beijing local schools. For example, if a child wanted to get into the English Department of Beijing Secondary School, they could find a Year 1 student from the English Department of Beijing Secondary School to tutor them.

After listening, Su Yingxue felt admiration for Li Mu for the first time. It was unprecedented for her to feel admiration for someone her age, but Li Mu had made her look at him in a different light. His vision, his thinking, his logic, and his control of Project 3321 had made her eyes light up.

Su Yingxue agreed to Li Mu's request without any hesitation. She would do her best to help him promote 3321. Zhao Kang also said excitedly, "Although I'm not good at academics, I really want to help those top students from 985 and 211 universities find jobs early!

Count me in! "

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "Let's do it this way. Kangzi will come to our school on Saturday. You, me, Ying Xue, and one or two of our roommates will come. We'll be in charge of promoting the National People's Congress."

…

On Saturday morning, a few people who looked like students appeared in the dormitories of the four universities in Beijing. They set up folding tables and set up posters on both sides. The titles on the posters were very eye-catching. On one side was: part-time tutor until 3321, starting from 15 yuan per hour. On the other side was: 20 yuan cash subsidy for registration.

Ten years later, there were all kinds of gifts and red envelopes for users. Everyone was already immune to such headlines. For example, when Taobao held an event, they claimed to be giving out hundreds of billions of yuan of discounts, and each user could get a huge gift of a thousand yuan. However, it was often ridiculed by netizens, saying that the coupons they got were usually 500 yuan coupons for Maserati cars.

However, in this era, the awesomeness of this title was simply indescribable.

When these two slogans were displayed, it was extremely attractive to the students. Therefore, in front of each table, there were many students asking about it.

For today's promotion, Li Mu divided his forces into four groups. He, Zhao Kang, Su Yingxue, and Liu Nian would be at the National People's Congress. Xue Jianfeng and Hu Zhengdao would accompany their girlfriends from Beijing University to Tsinghua University. As for Zhao Ziqiu, the goddess of Beijing University, she would stay behind with the other three girls in her dormitory. Li Yawei, who had specially rushed over to help support the promotion of Beijing University.

The rest of the dormitory's eldest brother, Sun Jian, Li Mu's Haizhou hometown friend, Dou Xueli, and a friend of each of them went to Beijing Normal University.

Other than the National People's Congress and Beijing University, the remaining two groups of people had to go to two unfamiliar universities. Li Mu was afraid that they would be troubled by the security guards, so he gave each group 500 yuan as a public relations fee to bribe the security guards and dormitory managers.

At 11 o 'clock in the morning, Li Mu called the people in charge of each promotion center. The reply he received was that everything was fine, especially the freshmen of each university who were very interested in 3321. Not only could 3321 help them to accurately place their personal information in front of their parents, but it also had a novel online bidding model that gave them more room for imagination. The basic salary was already 15 yuan an hour. If there really was a bidding war, what would the average price be?

Because of 3321's model and Li Mu's promotion strategy, a lot of flyers were distributed that morning.

Li Mu then called Kong Lingyu. After 3321 went online, Kong Lingyu stayed in front of the computer to monitor the backend. From 9 o 'clock until now, two hours later, the backend had counted more than 600 registered users, and these users were gradually completing their various kinds of information.

Li Mu was very satisfied with this efficiency. If he could attract more than 3,000 people to register over the weekend, then the backend would review 1,000 people who met the requirements. Next Monday, he could directly go to high schools and neighborhoods to promote to the parents of the students.

The promotion center in front of him was almost always surrounded by dozens of people asking for advice and holding flyers. Perhaps many of them came for Su Yingxue, but when they saw the specific operation mode of 3321's flyers, they were immediately attracted by the content.

This was the effect that Li Mu wanted. As long as these university students were interested, everything would be easy. He naturally had a way to fool the parents of the high school students.

Or rather, it couldn't be said to be fooling, but he wanted to let them know that they actually had a better choice, but they had never thought of it, and no one had ever integrated the resources in this area for them.

At this moment, at Yanjing University, Han Xiaoxiao looked at the packed crowd and whispered to Zhao Ziqiu beside her, "Li Mu is really amazing. How do you think his brain works? If this 3321 succeeds, how many Yanjing university students will benefit?"

Zhao Ziqiu handed countless hands over flyers and whispered in Han Xiaoxiao's ear, "From the looks of it, the market must be very big. Think about it, there are many university students in Yanjing, and even more high school students. If we can really let the university students earn 15 yuan an hour, not only will they be able to earn their own living expenses, but they will also be able to earn their own tuition fees."

"Yes."

Han Xiaoxiao glanced at Li Yawei, who was busy beside her, to make sure that he couldn't hear her conversation with Zhao Ziqiu, then whispered to Zhao Ziqiu, "Li Mu is too amazing. He is so handsome, sings so well, is so manly, and so capable. You must seize the opportunity. To be honest, if I was still single, I would take the initiative to throw myself into his arms."

Zhao Ziqiu's face was flushed, and she whispered in a low voice, "You are the most improper!

How can a proper girl take the initiative to throw herself into his arms? "

Han Xiaoxiao giggled and said happily, "If Chen Jianfeng heard what you said, she will definitely be angry with you. Back then, she took the initiative to throw herself into Xue Jianfeng's arms, and the two of them got together …"

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly said, "I didn't mean to ridicule Jiaojiao. Don't talk nonsense!"

"Don't worry, I know what I'm doing. But you have to take what I'm telling you seriously. I think it won't be long before Li Mu, this 3321, becomes a celebrity in the circle of Yanjing University students!"

Zhao Ziqiu nodded and said, "By the way, Li Mu said that we must find a way to get the top scorers of the college entrance examination in each province. He said that our Yanjing University has the most top scorers. Help me check the list of top scorers of Yanjing University this year. If there are still people who haven't registered in the evening, we will go to them."

Han Xiaoxiao sighed and said, "Oh my god, you are too involved!

Do you really treat this as your own business? "

Zhao Ziqiu rolled her eyes at her and said, "Li Mu pays us, okay?

Five yuan an hour. You can earn forty yuan today. You should be more careful! "

"Yes, yes, yes."

Han Xiaoxiao nodded repeatedly and said, "This year, there are a total of 38 top scorers of the college entrance examination in Yanjing University. Send the list to Li Mu and let him see the registration information. Let's take down these people one by one."

"That's more like it."

…

Wu Shuai had been in a bad mood recently. In the past two days, he had instructed the students' union to go to Room 606 several times to check the hygiene, high-power electrical appliances, and to check the use of smoking and fire. They had been tossed around several times in a row, but they couldn't find any evidence against Room 606. He was so angry that he had been cursing and throwing a tantrum in the dormitory all day long. The other five people in the dormitory knew that he had been hurt by Su Yingxue, so they didn't provoke him.

Today was Saturday, and Wu Shuai slept until the sun was high up in the sky. If his phone hadn't been ringing for a long time, he wouldn't have even been willing to wake up.

When he looked at the phone, it turned out to be the vice president of the student union, Sun Tan. Wu Shuai immediately became energetic and immediately apologized after he picked up the phone. "President Sun, I'm really sorry, I didn't hear your call just now."

Sun Tan was Wu Shuai's talent scout. He was the one who got Wu Shuai into the student union. He was a local of Yanjing and had some connections in the National People's Congress. It was said that there were relatives of his family among the school leaders. If it wasn't for the fact that the current student union president had a strong political background, Sun Tan would have had the opportunity to become the student union president a long time ago.

Fortunately, the student union president only wanted to accumulate some initial political capital in the university's student union and didn't want to care about the trivial matters of the student union. Senior Ai, who was extremely popular, also didn't care about the student union all day long. So although Sun Tan's title was vice president, his actual power was infinitely close to that of the president.

Wu Shuai had always been Sun Tan's spokesperson. There were many things that Sun Tan couldn't do personally, so he would usually solve them on Sun Tan's behalf. Even Wu Shuai's way of making money through the student union was also provided by Sun Tan. Sun Tan provided the plan, provided the connections, and resources, and Wu Shuai was responsible for implementing it.

For example, sending part-time jobs outside the school, bringing students to participate in all kinds of programs and activities that charged fees to make up the number of people, and even selling computers, CD players, Walkmans, and other things that could make money were all handled by Wu Shuai.

Under normal circumstances, Wu Shuai could do whatever he wanted in the National People's Congress. However, unless he met two people, one was Dong Ai, and the other was Sun Tan.

At this moment, Wu Shuai was very nervous because he had missed a few calls from Sun Tan. He was afraid that Sun Tan would blame him.

Sun Tan's tone was indeed not very good. He snorted coldly and said, "You still have the mood to sleep?

My student-aid plan is about to be aborted! "