Chapter 317

Lin Chu stared at the friend list in astonishment for a long time. Then, he subconsciously clicked on his sister's farm to see what was going on.

When he clicked on it, he saw that Lin Lin had just finished harvesting. The crops in the field were all withered. Lin Chu sighed, "If I had come earlier, I would have stolen it."

As soon as he finished speaking, the withered crops in his sister's field had been uprooted one by one. Then, seeds were planted.

"Bananas?"

Lin Chu saw that his sister had planted bananas on the farm, and he was astonished. With her current level, planting bananas wasn't worth it. Could it be that she calculated that she would sleep in an hour, so she wanted to harvest another batch before going to sleep?

"That should be it." Lin Chu was still puzzled. How did his sister's level rise?

He had to ask her later if she was secretly planting wheat.

Wheat was currently the lowest level crop in the farm, and it was also the crop with the fastest planting time. A netizen posted a statistic on Happy Farm's forum. If you wanted to level up quickly, you had to plant wheat as hard as you could. That way, the experience gained per unit of time was the highest. For example, if you planted wheat 12 times in an hour, the experience gained would be around 60% higher than if you planted bananas once. However, the biggest drawback of planting wheat was that you had to work non-stop. Although Lin Chu was addicted to this game, he couldn't plant wheat continuously every five minutes. His sister didn't seem to have that much free time either.

However, after thinking about it carefully, this was the only plausible explanation. Maybe his sister found someone else to help her plant wheat. She had so many pursuers, and any one of them could help her plant wheat for an entire day.

Lin Chu felt that if Du Wei was willing to ask him to help her plant wheat, he would be willing to do it 24 hours a day. This was the charm of a woman.

Thinking of Du Wei, Lin Chu sighed. He took a cigarette from the computer and lit it up. Just as he took a puff, he suddenly saw that the bananas in his sister's farm were all ripe!

That's right!

They really were all ripe!

Lin Chu's eyes widened, but before he could take a closer look, a large patch of ripe bananas was instantly harvested. Only withered banana trees were left.

Lin Chu exclaimed in his heart, "What's going on?

Am I seeing things? "

He rubbed his eyes and looked again. The withered banana trees had all been uprooted, followed by a pile of bananas. Then, in an instant, the bananas all over the ground had ripened again!

Because Lin Chu could only see the results from the perspective of a friend, he could not see the process of Lin Lin's operation. Therefore, he did not know that it was all because of the fertilizer, and he did not think about it at all. Fertilizer was too hard to come by. Now that he persisted in signing in every day, he could only get a few packs of ordinary fertilizer. Ordinary fertilizer was of no use at all. It could only be used ten minutes earlier, and it could not be stacked.

Lin Chu suddenly stood up, pushed the door, and went straight to his sister's room. He knocked on the door a few times, and when Lin Lin opened the door, he hurriedly rushed in. Ignoring Lin Lin, who was still by the door, he went straight to the computer and hurriedly said, "Sis, what method did you use to make the bananas ripen so quickly?

Don't tell me there's a cheat code?! "

"No, there's no such thing." Lin Lin smiled awkwardly and said, "Did you see wrongly?"

Lin Chu said firmly, "How is that possible? I saw the bananas in your field ripen in an instant."

After that, Lin Chu added, "And I saw it twice!

How did you do it?

Tell me if there's any trick! "

Lin Lin realized that she could not fool her anymore, so she said, "I used fertilizer."

"Fertilizer?

What fertilizer is so powerful! "Lin Chu's face was full of disbelief.

Lin Lin said, "It's high-quality fertilizer. It just happens to shorten the ripening time of the crops by an hour."

Lin Chu said, "Impossible!

I know about high-quality fertilizer. There's an official explanation, but this kind of fertilizer can only be rewarded after signing in for 21 consecutive days. Now, there's no such high-level fertilizer that can be randomly obtained. Besides, you used it like this, how many do you have?! "

Lin Lin said, "Three hundred bags. I've used almost half of them."

Lin Chu was stunned, then hurriedly sat in front of Lin Lin's computer and clicked on her prop box. Sure enough!

There were still more than a hundred bags of high-quality fertilizer left.

Lin Chu was shocked. "Sis, there's so much fertilizer, where did you get it?!

Is there any loophole that can be exploited?

Or is there any way to buy it? "

Lin Lin smiled sheepishly. "I can't exploit it, but I probably can't buy it either, because props can't be given to friends."

Lin Chu asked, "Then where did you get so many bags?!"

Lin Lin looked at Lin Chu's eager face and felt a little guilty. She couldn't tell him, "I helped you settle the matter of you getting beaten up in exchange for these three hundred bags of fertilizer …" If she did that, the relationship between the sister and brother would really be broken.

So Lin Lin could only vaguely say, "I have a friend who works in this company, and he secretly helped me get some."

Lin Chu did not doubt it at all and blurted out, "Can you ask him to help you get more?

Can you get me three hundred bags too?

I'll give him ten thousand yuan. "

Lin Chu did not care about money. Ten thousand yuan in exchange for three hundred bags of high-quality fertilizer from Happy Farm was a completely acceptable price for him.

Lin Lin could not agree to him, so she could only deal with him first. "I'll help you ask tomorrow, okay?"

"Okay."

Lin Chu nodded repeatedly and then said to Lin Lin, "Sis, I'm going back to my room now. When you collect the bananas later, can you wait a few seconds and let me steal one?"

Lin Lin almost jumped up in anger. "You wish!"

Lin Chu said, "Sis, don't be so stingy. I'll just steal one, you won't lose much. Besides, you have so much fertilizer. You can harvest one batch in a few seconds, a batch in a few seconds. It's so beautiful, what's wrong with letting me steal a little!"

Lin Lin originally wanted to refuse, but when she thought that these three hundred bags of fertilizer were exchanged for Lin Chu, she could only nod and agree. But even though she agreed, Lin Lin was still very unwilling. After she devoted herself to the Happy Farm game, she was quite annoyed when her vegetables were stolen. Sometimes, she almost wanted to call the police. Even if it was her own brother, she could not bear to let him steal. It was natural that her heart ached.

…

Lin Lin spent all three hundred bags of fertilizer in an hour. The next day, the first thing she wanted to do when she woke up was to call Li Mu. She thought about it repeatedly, but she did not know what reason she could use to ask Li Mu for more fertilizer. Later, she even thought of asking Lin Chu to cause trouble for Li Mu again. If Li Mu kicked him, she would use this opportunity to ask Li Mu for three to five hundred bags of fertilizer. Lin Chu was quite sturdy, anyway, so getting kicked was not a big deal.

Li Mu was still asleep. He did not know that Lin Lin was looking for a chance to scam him for fertilizer. He also did not know that his "Rice Shop" from yesterday had become so popular at One Ladle Pond.

One Ladle Pond had been discussing the gala since last night. The most discussed topic was Li Mu's public confession to Su Yingxue. When this topic was brought up, it was natural that Li Mu's original folk song from last night, "Rice Shop."

At first, someone wrote down the lyrics of "Rice Shop" from his memory. Then, a few netizens helped to correct the mistakes. Those who liked it said that it was good in all kinds of ways. It was simple, charming, artistic, meaningful, deep, and so on. Those who did not like it also had a lot of reasons. They said that it was unclear, that it did not make sense, that it was ugly, boring, empty, and bullsh * t …

However, it was a group of university students after all, and it was the soil where folk songs were born. Therefore, the majority of people liked this song.

Therefore, everyone was discussing in the thread. Other than discussing the song, they were also discussing why Li Mu was so awesome. Most of the male students in Renmin University did not even understand the flick shot in CS, but Li Mu had already become a famous person. Then, he wrote a song and won the heart of a beauty. The key was that the quality of the song was really f * cking good.

Some people with sharp ears suggested that Li Mu was most likely the "Mu" on Yi Ting. His "Zebra Zebra" was very popular among university students. It was once rated as the best song to confess to a girl who had lost her virginity. "When You're Old" was also very popular among university students. Most importantly, it was well received by the mainstream media. Now, almost everyone knew about it. Many people were reminded to listen to these two songs again. They immediately realized that the similarity between the two songs was quite high. Combined with the names Li Mu and Mu, everyone basically concluded that Li Mu was Mu.

This made Li Mu's reputation even more awesome. This was because these two songs were released before school started. At that time, Li Mu had just graduated from high school. Yet, he was able to write such wonderful music works. This talent was really incomparable to ordinary people.

The discussion went on for a bowl. This morning, someone uploaded the recording of Li Mu singing "Rice Shop" on the internet. This caused the discussion to be heated up again.

The person who uploaded the audio was a girl from the National People's Congress School Broadcasting Team. She used a recording pen to record all the singing programs at the gala. Naturally, it included Li Mu's "Rice Shop". This morning, she saw many people at "One Spoon Pond" expressing their desire to listen to this song again. Therefore, she edited out the audio of Li Mu and uploaded it on Yi Ting.

Under normal circumstances, the sound quality of external recordings would not be very good. Due to the variety of musical instruments, external recordings would be a unified recording of all the musical instruments, vocals, and ambient sounds. It was not an internal recording and then mixing. Therefore, it sounded very messy. However, the "Rice Shop" recorded by the girl from the broadcasting team had a very good effect. On one hand, it was because the recording pen of the school broadcasting station was more high-end. On the other hand, it was because Li Mu's song was too simple. It was all done with a guitar and vocals. Therefore, the sound quality was very good.