Chapter 1274

When they were about to leave Spring City, Li Mu informed Du Wei and Liu Ye, the two Chinese main actors of Flying Tigers, about the progress of the Undying Veterans Foundation in Spring City. He hoped that the two of them could spare some time during the Spring Festival to visit the old Flying Tigers at the military sanatorium.

Li Mu's idea was that, first of all, the two of them were about to participate in the filming of Flying Tigers, and Flying Tigers itself was the true story of these veterans from decades ago. As the two main actors who were about to present their story on the big screen, it was necessary for the two of them to pay their respects to these veterans. Secondly, the veterans had a lot of historical memories, and they had to listen to them in person to experience the shock of their souls.

Before this, Li Mu did not announce the progress here to them, so the two of them were not clear about the situation here. After listening to Li Mu's introduction of the situation here, the two of them did not hesitate to agree to Li Mu's suggestion, and coincidentally set the time for New Year's Eve and the first day of the Lunar New Year.

The most important part of the Spring Festival was the New Year's Eve dinner, and the first day of the Lunar New Year, so the two of them hoped that they could accompany the old Flying Tigers to have a New Year's Eve dinner and have a complete Spring Festival.

As he could not accompany these veterans to celebrate the Spring Festival, Li Mu arranged for volunteers and staff to meet with Du Wei and Liu Ye. Li Mu made a request of confidentiality. Before the casting of the movie was officially announced to the public, Du Wei and Liu Ye's trip to Spring City must be kept a secret from the public. Whether it was the casting of the movie or the Undying Veterans Charity Project, Li Mu hoped to have a good foundation.

The so-called good foundation was to make all the preparations, announce all the plans in one go, and shock the public in one go. Then, let the public be attracted by the movie and the charity project, and to the greatest extent possible identify with the values that the movie and the charity project wanted to express. Only then could it attract the attention of the public to the greatest extent. If the news was released to the public in batches like squeezing toothpaste out of toothpaste bit by bit, the overall effect would inevitably be much weaker. Li Mu was not Intel, so he did not appreciate the method of squeezing toothpaste bit by bit. He hoped to be like Steve Jobs in 2007, who dropped a super nuclear bomb called the iPhone on an unprepared world. He wanted to do something big that could cause an earthquake or even a tsunami in the industry.

Li Mu firmly believed that under his management, Undying Veterans would definitely become the most respected charity project in the country, and even in the world.

…

Before leaving Spring City, Li Mu said goodbye to all the old Flying Tigers one by one.

After staying in Spring City for a few days, Li Mu could already accurately call out the names of every old Flying Tigers and remember the stories of every Flying Tiger. However, these old Flying Tigers did not know who Li Mu was. They only knew that this young, handsome, and respectful young man was the volunteer of the Undying Veterans Charity Foundation, Xiao Li. Everyone liked him, but they did not know that he was actually the world's youngest billionaire.

After saying goodbye to these old heroes, Li Mu brought Li Ziwei to the airport and prepared to take the plane back to Jinling. Li Mu originally wanted to let Li Ziwei go home on leave, but Li Ziwei insisted on following Li Mu. She knew that Li Mu was currently so busy that even if she followed him 24 hours a day, it would still be difficult for her to handle everything. If she left her boss behind, he would probably not be able to have a good New Year.

Originally, Li Mu did not want to affect her going home to reunite with her family. However, other than fulfilling Li Mu's arrangements, Li Ziwei sometimes also had a stubbornness that Li Mu could not change. For example, when Li Mu asked her to go home, she would say, "If you don't let me get on the plane, then I will buy my own ticket to Jinling."

Before Li Mu said anything, she said that when the boss hired another assistant, or simply set up a secretary's office, she would dare to leave him alone and go on vacation.

Although Li Mu could not bear it, he was very pleased, so he asked her, "You are an only child, right?"

Li Ziwei nodded. "Yes."

Li Mu said, "Then you might as well bring your parents to Haizhou for the New Year."

Li Ziwei looked at Li Mu in surprise and subconsciously asked him, "Li Zong, can you really do that?"

"Of course."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Haizhou is not far from Jinling. After the New Year, you can ask Old Song to arrange someone to accompany them to Jinling for a few days. The company will pay for all the expenses."

Li Ziwei hurriedly said, "Li Zong, this kind of expenses can't be counted on the company. I will bear it myself. With you, my income is so high that my parents are scared."

Li Ziwei's income was indeed very high. Her basic salary had risen to 30,000 yuan a month. As long as she went on business trips with Li Mu, she would get a subsidy of 1,000 yuan a day. Although Li Mu had not yet implemented equity incentives for Li Ziwei, Li Mu would naturally not mistreat such a satisfactory personal assistant. This year's year-end bonus, Li Ziwei got a double salary, not a double monthly salary, but a double annual salary!

For Li Ziwei, it was basically unimaginable that she could be the first assistant of an outstanding entrepreneur like Li Mu at such a young age, but it really became a reality. Moreover, Li Mu really valued her very much, which could be seen from the treatment. The more this was the case, the more Li Ziwei wanted to devote all her energy to work. Her strong sense of responsibility was not what a girl in her twenties should have.

Faced with Li Ziwei's refusal, Li Mu just smiled and said, "Everything the company gives you is what you deserve."

…

Before the business plane took off, Li Mu called his parents and told them that he would fly to Jinling first, then take a bus back to Haizhou. He would be home before this evening.

Papa Lee wanted to drive to Jinling Airport to pick up Li Mu, but Li Mu hurriedly told him that the partners in Jinling had already prepared a motorcade in advance. As soon as he got off the plane, he would take their car back to Haizhou. He asked his dad to wait at home. There was no need to go to Jinling.

A long time ago, Wanying Real Estate gave Zhang Kexuan, Ye Tianming and Chen Wan's father several plots of land on the Third Ring Road of Yanjing to develop. From that moment on, Li Mu became the god of wealth for the three of them. Therefore, Li Mu was not polite to them at all. When he arrived in Jinling, they directly arranged a motorcade to send him back to Haizhou.

As it was close to the Spring Festival, airports everywhere were very busy. There were nearly 30 planes queuing up at Spring City Airport. After the business plane that Li Mu took rolled out from the tarmac, he joined the queue for takeoff. The flight attendant conveyed the feedback from the captain that the plane would take at least 40 minutes to take off.

Li Mu nodded. It was normal for the flight to be busy. Fortunately, there was no weather or flow control. Otherwise, it would be hard to say whether he could get home tonight. After flying for a long time in China, delays of less than one or two hours were already common.

The plane slowly moved and stopped in the queue. Li Ziwei took out her mobile phone and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, can I take a photo for you?

It's saved in the phone. "

Li Mu looked at the phone in her hand and saw the eye-catching "Nokia" word on the back. He also saw the camera on the back. He asked curiously, "What model is your phone?"

Li Ziwei handed over the phone and said with a smile, "Here, look, Nokia 7650. It just came out."

"Oh?"

Li Mu took the phone and played with it carefully. In his impression, the 7610 was far more impressive than the 7650. However, after looking at it carefully, he quickly remembered the 7650. This Nokia 7650 was probably one of the most popular and desired phones among the young people. The sliding cover, color screen, and chord were all standard features. What was more eye-catching was the built-in 300-megapixel camera that could take pictures. That was why the young people were crazy about this phone.

Almost every user of the 7650 would love this phone. Li Mu looked at this guy and sighed. What the hell? The phone's performance was terrible. The whole phone only had 4MB of usable memory. The Symbian system was still in its embryonic stage. Other than answering phone calls, Li Mu really didn't want to use this thing for anything else.

However, when he thought about the iPhone being released in another four years, Li Mu couldn't help but sigh at the explosive speed of technology development. iOS and iPhone were the foundation of Apple's position in the world. They were also the Mount Everest that pressed down on the hardware companies. Li Mu had the heart to seize the lifeline of the hardware market, but he still didn't have any advantage.

In terms of hardware, basically all the core components had to rely on overseas companies. Various technical modules, screens, cameras, and flash memory could not be purchased from local companies. Xiaomi's history of being choked by Qualcomm left a lingering fear in Li Mu's heart. He didn't want to be shackled and shackled by overseas hardware suppliers when he made his own hardware in the future.

In terms of software, Li Mu's current team was far from being able to independently develop a mobile phone operating system. Apple had been in the software field for many years. If he didn't interfere, iOS would inevitably be released in the next three to four years. He didn't have the ability to go to Apple to hijack iOS. Android could, but Li Mu always felt that there was a huge gap between Android and iOS. This gap was not only reflected in the design concept, but also reflected in the security, stability, and smoothness.

Android was established at the end of this year. Initially, they didn't intend to develop a smartphone operating system. Instead, they took some experimental detours. After they were acquired by Google, they finally got on the right track. Looking at the timeline, Li Mu had the chance to completely take over Android.

If Li Mu could hijack Android and make it his own smartphone system, it would be very difficult for Android to defeat IOS. As long as the iPhone was born as scheduled, it would still be the world's number one. No matter what system it was, the best fate for the rest of the system was to be number two forever.

After Li Mu was reborn, he had been unrestrained and liked to show off. How could he be the number two forever in the hardware field? Even the King of Heaven would have to step aside.

Therefore, getting Android was only one of the two major strategies in the future hardware market. The other major strategy was to get Android and think of a way to kill iOS.

It was either kill, cripple, or snatch it from Feng Yu himself.

If the latter strategy could not be realized, then the market value of 800 to 900 billion USD would be handed over to Apple in the future. Think about it, if a mobile phone earned one or two hundred USD, and millions or even tens of millions of mobile phones were sold around the world, how terrifying the profits would be? That was the wealth of the people all over the world. How could they sit back and watch an American company plunder the world one after another? When Li Mu thought about how this company treated the world's smartphone users as leeks and even plunder them at least once every year, he gnashed his teeth in hatred.