Chapter 1621

Li Ziwei didn't understand Li Mu's bad taste. She couldn't understand why Li Mu insisted on having William marry a girl named Hua Xia.

As someone who had been reborn, sometimes Li Mu would have some bad taste of deliberately changing the original course of events. However, changing William's wife could only be considered as one of the more normal ones.

For Li Mu, he was ready to show William a bright path that was beneficial to him, the Windsor family, and Hua Xia. If William didn't follow the path, he would kick him.

The car drove to Ziyun Villa. Before Li Mu got out of the car, he said to Li Ziwei, "Tomorrow, go to the Palace Museum and CCTV to talk about the cultural relic donation and the documentary. Don't worry about me."

Li Ziwei nodded and asked him, "Li Zong, are you going to pick up Miss Wendy tomorrow?"

Li Mu said, "It's not appropriate if I don't pick her up. After all, she has already called me. I'll pick her up and send her to the hotel. I'll treat her and William to lunch at noon."

Li Ziwei said, "Then I'll contact you after I'm done with my work."

"Okay."

When Li Mu arrived at the villa at Ziyun Villa, William was in the hotel room, listening to his grandmother's teachings through the phone.

The Queen did things swiftly and decisively. After Li Mu's call ended, she called William immediately and asked him, "William, did Li Mu tell you about going to Hua Xia as an exchange student?"

"He did …" William couldn't help but be a little surprised. Originally, he wanted to take the initiative to call his grandmother to ask for instructions. He didn't expect that she would take the initiative to call him.

Thinking of this, William couldn't help but ask, "Grandmother, did Mr. Lee tell you?"

"Yes."

The Queen said, "I've already thought about it. For you, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I suggest you accept and seize it."

Deep down, William didn't want to come to Hua Xia as an exchange student. He was more willing to go back to the UK to do 3321, then go back to Scotland to go to university and spend time with Kate.

Young people in their early twenties were particularly emotional. How could William really bear to leave Kate and come to Hua Xia as an exchange student?

Exchange students lasted at least half a year and at most a year. This kind of long-distance relationship across the ocean was very difficult.

However, now that his grandmother had suggested that he accept it, how could he reject it? He couldn't even say that he would consider it.

So, William could only bite the bullet and agree. He said, "Grandmother, I'm willing to accept this suggestion …"

The Queen heard that William's voice was a little low, so she said, "William, you're already 22 years old. You must have enough responsibility to bear the burden of revitalizing the entire Windsor family. So, you must put aside your thoughts of love. Don't have direct contact with Kate for a period of time in the future. Otherwise, once the matter between you and her is caught by the media, it will definitely have a great impact on you."

The Queen had her wisdom. She clearly knew the feelings of young people, and the most important bond was companionship.

Young people were a group that couldn't stand loneliness. If a 60-year-old couple were separated for a year, and a 22-year-old couple were separated for a year, the latter was far more likely to break up because of separation than the former.

Moreover, the Queen was also very clear that young people had a strong rebellious mentality. She couldn't make decisions for them directly. This would make them feel that they had lost their freedom. Therefore, her goal was to let William accept Li Mu's suggestion and come to Hua Xia as an exchange student. At the same time, she had to make sure that Kate wouldn't chase after him.

In fact, the Queen had long known about every girl who had appeared by William's side since he was a child. She knew that in the whole of England and even the whole of Europe, there were many parents of girls who were deliberately grooming their children for William and his younger brother, Harry. From a young age, they had even set a goal for her to marry a prince in the future. Therefore, no matter where William went and which school he studied in, there would be some girls who would follow him from primary school to secondary school, and then from secondary school to university. There were many.

Kate was a typical example of this kind of girl. In order to be in the same school as William, she even gave up her original university. From this, it could be seen how strong her goal was. What the Queen was most afraid of was that after William came to Hua Xia, she would also follow him. That would be really troublesome.

After William ended the call with his grandmother, the first thing he wanted to do was to call Kate and pour out his current difficulties to the person he loved. However, after hesitating again and again, he still gave up.

William knew that he had to go back to the UK to set up 3321 first. At the earliest, it would be possible for him to come to Hua Xia for the exchange program at the beginning of next year. If he told Kate now, based on her personality, it was very likely that she would make preparations to come to Hua Xia in the shortest time possible. She might even come to Yan Jing before him.

…

The next morning, when Li Mu set off from Purple Cloud Villa to pick up Wendy Gao Bai from the airport, Li Ziwei had already officially started the meeting with the director of the Palace Museum about the cultural relic donation.

When the director heard that the great entrepreneur Li Mu wanted to donate cultural relics to the Palace Museum, he naturally attached great importance to it. Not only did he personally receive him, but the other main leaders of the museum were also present.

Originally, the director of the museum and the other leaders thought that this was just a simple donation ceremony. However, when Li Ziwei sat down and talked to them, they then realized how special the significance of this donation ceremony was.

First of all, according to Li Ziwei, the cultural relics that Li Mu wanted to donate to the Palace Museum were all local cultural relics from Hua Xia.

Secondly, these cultural relics had all been floating overseas for more than a hundred years. They had been collected in the UK for a long time, and they had been collected by the Queen of England.

Thirdly, these cultural relics were given to Li Mu as gifts through the Queen of England, and Li Mu then gave them to the Palace Museum.

These points made this donation stand out from the masses. It could even be described as significant.

After Li Ziwei introduced the background of the cultural relics, she conveyed Li Mu's idea to the leaders of the Palace Museum. She said, "Our Li Zong is donating this batch of cultural relics mainly in the hope that we can use this opportunity to promote a public welfare activity to help cultural relics that have been lost overseas to return to the country. We can call on all the capable people in society to work together to return the cultural relics of Hua Xia that have been lost to all over the world."

The director's eyes immediately lit up. The cultural relics that had been lost overseas had always been a pain in the hearts of all cultural relics scholars in Hua Xia. Countless important cultural relics that represented the history and culture of Hua Xia had been lost overseas for various reasons. If people wanted to see the things left behind by their ancestors, they had to go to foreign museums. If they could call on all the capable children of Hua Xia to work together and let more lost cultural relics return to the country, it would definitely be a good thing to promote the cultural cause of the motherland and benefit future generations.

Moreover, the director knew very well that the more public welfare it was, the more individuals with strong appeal were needed to stand up and wave the flag. Whether it was domestic entrepreneurs, celebrities, or philanthropists, no one had as much international influence as Li Mu. Now that Li Mu was willing to stand up and promote such a far-reaching public welfare cause, this public welfare cause would definitely cause a huge response.

So he said excitedly, "This idea of Li Zong is really of great significance to cultural workers, historical workers, and the cultural heritage of the entire nation. We, the Palace Museum, are willing to spare no effort to cooperate and support!"

After that, he asked Li Ziwei, "Miss Li, I wonder if Li Zong has a relatively specific implementation plan?"

Li Ziwei nodded and said, "Li Zong's initial plan is that we will first hold a cultural relics donation ceremony. The ceremony will be open to the whole society, and Makino Technology will invest promotion resources to promote it. The recipient of this cultural relics donation ceremony is naturally our Palace Museum, but the donor is not Li Zong, but the Windsor family of England."

"The Windsor family?

The royal family? "

"That's right."

Li Ziwei said with a smile, "Li Zong hopes that when the time comes, Prince William of the Windsor family will represent the entire royal family and donate these cultural relics to the Palace Museum. And Li Zong's role in this is more like a middleman or a link. At that time, Li Zong and Prince William will personally attend this donation ceremony at the Palace Museum. With their status and influence, as well as the great significance of this donation in the field of culture, we believe that it will have a great impact in the minds of the Chinese people around the world. It will also make them have a sense of identity with the activity of 'helping lost overseas cultural relics to return to China,' so that they will have the idea of participating in it."

The director nodded and couldn't help but ask, "Then, should we communicate with the Foreign Affairs Department about this activity?

After all, he is a member of the royal family. This should rise to the level of a diplomatic event, right? "

"Please don't."

Li Ziwei hurriedly said, "This time, Li Zong invited Prince William to Hua Xia in the form of a personal invitation and a private event. They don't want to raise such a thing to a diplomatic event between the two countries, especially a cultural relics donation. This kind of public welfare project is completely private, and it will be more able to mobilize the enthusiasm of ordinary people to participate in it. So, although Prince William is a member of the royal family, he will represent the Windsor family at this donation ceremony, not the British royal family. The Windsor family and the British royal family are two completely different titles, and the concept and meaning are also completely different."