Chapter 155

Li Mu had lived two lives. He had a deeper understanding of many things than the average person, but politics was the only thing he did not understand. He did not understand it in his previous life, and he did not understand it in this life.

To say that he did not understand it was because he did not understand the real operating rules of politics. He did not even know under what circumstances a civil servant could truly embark on the path of politics. Moreover, he was not interested in these things from the bottom of his heart.

To Li Mu, doing 3321 was just an opportunity that sprouted by chance. If it was not for Liu Nian lamenting that it was not easy to find a part-time job, he would not have had the inspiration to do 3321. Therefore, when he was asked to do 3321, his mind was only thinking about how significant it could be, but he had never thought about the political significance of this thing.

Song Liang did not expect that Li Mu was very mature in all aspects, but he was a little slow when it came to politics. A university student entrepreneurial project like 3321 was very much in line with the mainstream values of Hua Xia. Not only did it cater to the tastes of the leaders, but it also catered to the preferences of the mainstream media. What was even more commendable was that not only was it a concept, but it also had a lot of practical space. It was down-to-earth, so once it was done, it would cater to the preferences of the public. At present, there were very few models that were good at all levels, and 3321 just happened to be one of them.

Therefore, Song Liang gave Li Mu a good political lesson.

"If 3321 can achieve a certain level of success, it will first become the target of the media's pursuit. I can tell you this, most of the media have indicators related to the mainstream values. Within a specific cycle, they have to think of ways to promote the mainstream values, so they will look for similar things everywhere and promote them. Sometimes, even small things can be exaggerated to the point that the whole country knows about it. You can imagine that if a model like 3321 succeeds, it will definitely become the darling of the media."

Li Mu agreed with what Song Liang said. Although he did not understand politics, he had watched a lot of TV and news. Now that he thought about it, 3321 was indeed following the general direction of mainstream values and did not deviate at all.

Song Liang continued, "3321 is targeted at students, and it's targeted at the best universities in Beijing. The principals of these schools all have vice-ministerial treatment, so you can imagine their status in the eyes of the country. Your 3321 is rooted in the universities and education. Not only does it provide part-time employment opportunities for university students, it also contributes to the cultivation of future talents for the college entrance examination. On this point, you have also gotten a high score. If your 3321 can make the students of these universities work part-time, you will get a hundred out of a full score of a hundred. If you can make 3321 operate nationwide, you will get ten thousand out of a full score of a hundred!

At that time, you might even become a guest of honor in the ministry. "

Li Mu suddenly understood. Looking at 3321 from another angle, it turned out that it had such far-reaching political significance.

Song Liang sighed at this moment, "Brother, if you enter politics in the future, a great future is in front of you."

Li Mu smiled slightly, but shook his head, "Forget it. I can do some internet and some business, but I can't play with politics. It's too tiring. It's better to make money and become a successful person in the business world in the future."

Song Liang laughed, "I guess you don't like to play politics, but it doesn't matter. 3321 is your protective talisman in the education system. If you make it big, you can do whatever you want in the education system."

Li Mu thought about it and laughed, "If that day really comes, even if I fail every subject, I should still be able to get a degree in the end."

"It's not just a degree."

Song Liang said, "For a student like you who has a halo, if you want to take the postgraduate entrance examination, the school and tutors will fight for you."

Li Mu was suddenly enlightened. What Song Liang said made a lot of sense. If he could make 3321 bigger and stronger, he would really be able to do whatever he wanted in the education system. He didn't dare to say anything else, but in the future, the people would definitely not put any restrictions on him.

After finishing the political lessons with Song Liang, Li Mu set a time with him to sign the contract. He would accompany Ye Tianming's father to attend the meeting tomorrow. If he had time the day after tomorrow, he could come to Li Mu to sign the contract, and then go back to ask the finance department to transfer the money.

Li Mu knew that Song Liang had always been straightforward, so he didn't say much after setting a time with him.

On the way back to school, Li Mu had been thinking about what Song Liang said. Compared with people like him who had been struggling in society for many years, there was still a big gap. For example, when looking at problems, sometimes he considered too little, sometimes he thought too complicated, and lacked the ability to see through the essence of things.

Thinking back to Zhang Qing's abnormal behavior today, Li Mu felt that there was something fishy that he couldn't figure out. But it didn't matter if he couldn't figure it out. He could find a way to break through, and maybe he could make progress.

When he arrived at the dormitory, the other five people had also returned. As soon as Li Mu entered the door, he asked them, "Brothers, do you know anyone around Zhang Qing?"

"Zhang Qing?

The one who fought with you before? "Xue Jianfeng asked curiously.

Li Mu nodded and said, "I want to find someone around him who he can trust and has a good relationship with."

Xue Jianfeng spread out his hands and said, "I don't know anyone from the school swimming team."

Sun Jian also said awkwardly, "Me neither. I don't know anyone."

Hu Zhengdao thought for a moment and said, "I have a fellow countryman who is two years older than me. I'm not too close to him, but I once saw him playing football with Zhang Qing's group on the playground."

Li Mu immediately said, "Let's find him. Can you help me make an appointment with him tomorrow at noon?"

Hu Zhengdao immediately said, "No problem. Do you want to meet inside the school or outside?"

"Outside. Go to Xiang Wei Restaurant. I'll treat you both."

Hu Zhengdao said, "How about this, I won't talk about you first. I'll just say that I'm treating him."

"No problem."

…

At noon the next day, Li Mu asked for a private room at Xiang Wei Restaurant early. At around 12 o 'clock, Hu Zhengdao and a boy entered the room together. When the boy entered the room and saw Li Mu, he immediately looked surprised.

Li Mu also recognized him. That day when he fought with Zhang Qing's group on the playground, this boy was one of the people who played football with Zhang Qing's group. However, Li Mu remembered that this person didn't help him at that time.

Hu Zhengdao didn't know that the two of them had met before and remembered each other. After he sat down, he introduced to Li Mu, "This is my fellow countryman, Yu Xingjie."

Li Mu nodded and smiled at Yu Xingjie. He stretched out his hand and said, "Hello, my name is Li Mu."

Yu Xingjie naturally knew Li Mu's name. When Li Mu fought against four people, he stood by and watched coldly. As a result, he found that Li Mu alone had knocked down several people, including Zhang Qing. At this time, he suddenly saw Li Mu here. He was a little surprised, but he also guessed that today's meal was hosted by Li Mu. He was very curious about the real reason why Li Mu invited him here.

Hu Zhengdao had introduced Yu Xingjie to Li Mu in private before. It turned out that Hu Zhengdao and Hu Zhengdao were from the same town, but they were from different villages. Hu Zhengdao used to be classmates with Yu Xingjie's sister, but they didn't have any friendship. Hu Zhengdao had only met Yu Xingjie once since he came to the National People's Congress for a long time. That was because Yu Xingjie didn't go home for the summer vacation, and Hu Zhengdao brought some local products for Yu Xingjie's sister.

That day, Yu Xingjie thanked Hu Zhengdao and wanted to treat him to a meal. In the end, he brought him to the cafeteria. When they arrived at the cafeteria, the two of them ordered less than 20 yuan of food. Hu Zhengdao foolishly pretended to be polite and wanted to pay, but Yu Xingjie didn't. In the end, Hu Zhengdao had no choice but to bite the bullet and pay. Since then, he believed that Yu Xingjie had a problem with his character and never looked for him again. Yu Xingjie also never looked for Hu Zhengdao again.

This morning, Hu Zhengdao took the initiative to go to Yu Xingjie's class and said that he would treat him to lunch. Yu Xingjie agreed without hesitation. After class, the two of them met and came together.

Not long after Hu Zhengdao and Yu Xingjie arrived, the waiter served the cold dishes. Hu Zhengdao wanted to persuade Yu Xingjie to drink a glass of wine, but Yu Xingjie said that he had to go to class in the afternoon and refused to drink.

Li Mu didn't immediately talk to Yu Xingjie about Zhang Qing. Instead, he helped him and Hu Zhengdao to take the food while he observed Yu Xingjie quietly.

When Hu Zhengdao was eating, his phone suddenly rang. Wang Yanan had sent him a text message asking what he wanted to eat for lunch. Hu Zhengdao said that Li Mu was treating him to lunch.

After a simple reply, Hu Zhengdao put his phone aside and continued eating. Yu Xingjie kept staring at Hu Zhengdao and the brand new Nokia 8250 beside him.

Li Mu noticed that Yu Xingjie's eyes were very strange. Sometimes there was envy, sometimes there was anger. These changes were because Hu Zhengdao took out the 8250.

Li Mu suddenly felt that he had found a breakthrough point.

He took out his Ericsson T39MC. This was one of the most expensive phone models. Yu Xingjie recognized this model at a glance. The envy in his eyes was even more intense. But strangely, Li Mu noticed that Yu Xingjie wasn't angry at him like he was at Hu Zhengdao.

Li Mu deliberately said to Yu Xingjie, "Brother Yu, I've always heard from Zhengdao that you're a very good person. Plus, you're from the same hometown, so I want to get to know you. Why don't we exchange phone numbers?"

"This …" Yu Xingjie hesitated for a moment and said shyly, "I lost my phone …"

Li Mu was surprised. "How did you lose it?

Was it stolen? "

Yu Xingjie actually didn't have a phone at all. He came from the same place as Hu Zhengdao, which was also a country-level poverty-stricken county. Hu Zhengdao's father had some skills and could earn some money in his spare time to support his family. Yu Xingjie's parents, on the other hand, were farmers through and through. Other than the food they left behind, they didn't earn much money from farming. Moreover, he had a younger sister at home. It was already very difficult for them to give him basic living expenses, and it was even more impossible for them to have money to buy a phone for him.

However, when Li Mu suddenly took out a phone worth 3,000 yuan and asked such a question, he was really embarrassed to say that he didn't have a phone. He could only use the excuse that he lost it to save some face. He didn't expect Li Mu to continue to ask, so he could only continue to make up a story. "I went hiking with a few classmates a while ago, and when I got down the mountain, I found that my phone was gone."

Yu Xingjie said it without confidence. He felt that his lie was a bit nonsensical. At this moment, Li Mu nodded and smiled in understanding. He said, "It can't be helped that the phone was lost in the mountain. There's no place to look for it."

Yu Xingjie laughed awkwardly and followed up, "Yes, it's not easy to find."