Chapter 1668

Roland Mas forgot how he left Makino Technology and how he came to the hotel.

In the presidential suite of the most luxurious five-star hotel in Beijing, he was so angry that his two assistants could not stop him.

The Mas family was also a traditional Old-Money family. When Li Mu's grandfather and great-grandfather were still poor farmers, the Mas family had already begun to build their own business empire. Just like those Old-Money people Li Mu met in the UK, the biggest problem with this group of people was eternal and inexplicable pride.

When the United States' national strength was rising rapidly, the declining citizens of the empire always felt that the Americans were a bunch of red-necked old men. They looked down on the upstart emerging country like the United States and despised the United States for its lack of history, but their hearts were sour and uncomfortable.

Now, the old entrepreneurs in the United States and Britain, who had decades or even hundreds of years of history, also looked down on the emerging tycoons like Bill Gates and Li Mu who relied on IT to quickly rise. They felt that they were upstarts and speculators who relied on bubbles to rise. In fact, to put it bluntly, they were envious, jealous, and hateful.

In Roland Mas's heart, he really thought that he was a head above Li Mu. He felt that whether it was family, background, history, accumulation, personal knowledge, or even life experience, he was much better than Li Mu. Li Mu should respect him as a teacher, but this young man directly stepped on him. This humiliation made him unable to calm down for a long time.

After cursing for a long time and smashing a lot of things, Roland Mas's anger dissipated a lot. Instead, it was replaced by exhaustion that spread from the bottom of his heart. He looked at the time. It was already the afternoon of Hua Xia time. The wound that Li Mu caused to Mars was still bleeding, festering, and infected to the extent that it could not heal. There was not much time left for him by the board of directors.

After smoking a whole cigar, Roland Mas held a conference call with the board of directors. He explained Li Mu's request in the meeting. Unsurprisingly, no one in the entire board of directors objected to the request to hold a press conference.

Although it was a bit shameful to hold a press conference and publicly apologize to Li Mu at the press conference, Mars could no longer care about face in the face of huge public pressure and negative news.

Roland Mass knew that the board of directors only cared about profits. As for the shameful thing, since he was the one who did it, none of them cared. Therefore, they would definitely accept Li Mu's request. If he didn't agree, all the pressure would be on him again.

Therefore, Roland Mas also gave up resistance and said in the conference call, "Since everyone has reached a consensus, I will start preparing for the press conference today and strive to hold it tomorrow."

After hanging up the phone, Roland Mas immediately asked his assistant to contact Li Ziwei and convey a message to her, "Mars is willing to hold a press conference in Yan Jing and express its apology to Muye Technology to the whole society at the press conference.

However, Roland Mas was cautious. He was afraid that after he held the press conference, Li Mu would pick on him again. Therefore, he deliberately asked his assistant to ask a question, "What specific requirements does Makino Technology have for the venue and specifications of this press conference?"

Li Ziwei conveyed the question to Li Mu. Li Mu replied, "Tell them that we have no requirements for the venue or specifications. However, I only have one requirement. There should be no less than two hundred media outlets present, and 90% of the world's first-tier media outlets must be present."

Li Mu did not let go of Mars because he wanted to use it to show his muscles to companies all over the world. Companies like Mars thought that their products and strategies had no conflict with Makino Technology, so they dared to blackmail Makino Technology. Li Mu must let them know that any form of blackmail must pay a heavy price.

Therefore, Mars' press conference must have enough social influence. Li Mu wanted to slap them in the face in front of the world.

After Roland Mas received Li Mu's request, although he was very angry, there was no other way at the moment. He guessed that Li Mu would not accept his casual dismissal, and he also guessed that Li Mu would have some difficult conditions. Now, he had no other choice but to accept it.

After making up his mind, Roland Mas immediately called the head of Hua Xia to his presidential suite and ordered him, "Immediately contact a high-end press conference venue, and then inform all the media that can be contacted. Tell them that Mars will hold a press conference at five o 'clock tomorrow afternoon regarding the previous malicious marketing of Makino Technology. Make sure that as many media outlets as possible attend."

The head of Hua Xia nodded and said, "Then I will arrange it."

Roland Mas said, "Be sure to do it as soon as possible. I want the press conference to start at five o 'clock tomorrow afternoon. Once the press conference is over, I will immediately go to see Li Mu. It's best to solve this matter as soon as possible. If it goes well, I will return to the United States overnight tomorrow night."

The head of Hua Xia couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Mas, are you in such a hurry to go back?

Do you want to rest in Yanjing for two days? I can also report to you on the development of our business in China. "

Roland Mas refused without hesitation, "If it wasn't because I have no other choice, I don't want to stay here for even a minute!"

…

That night, the public relations department of Mars' Hua Xia branch sent invitations to all the media, inviting them to attend Mars' press conference in Yanjing at five o 'clock the next day.

What shocked the media the most was the theme of Mars' press conference. On the invitation letter they sent to the media, it was written in black and white: "At this press conference, the chairman of Mars' board of directors, Mr. Roland Mas, will publicly apologize on the spot for Mars' previous malicious marketing behavior of using Makino Technology."

As the news of Roland Mas's arrival in Yanjing was not known to the media, the media immediately exploded when this invitation letter was sent out. Before the press conference even started, they had already reported on this major news.

Mars deliberately scammed Makino Technology. This matter was known to everyone, and Makino Technology punished Mars on its own Weibo platform, Titter. This matter was also in an uproar. However, no one expected Mars to admit defeat so quickly.

Moreover, Mars had basically admitted defeat at the highest level. Not only did they hold a press conference to publicly apologize, but even their chairman of the board came to Yanjing personally. Such a thing was almost unheard of before.

All of a sudden, the media coverage was overwhelming.

Some media focused on Mars' admission of defeat, believing that this was the most cowardly moment in the history of the world's top 500 companies;

Some media focused on the strong influence of Makino Technology, believing that Makino Technology had now become the world's only super-class company. The reason why they were so sure was that not only was it valued at more than 100 billion US dollars, but more importantly, its global influence was unparalleled.

There were also media reports focused on Li Mu, believing that this was Li Mu's victory over Mars. They believed that from today onward, Li Mu's influence in the business field would be recorded in history.

As for the general public, most of them felt very satisfied. To be able to make the chairman of the board of directors of a world's top 500 company personally apologize, Li Mu's courage and ability were unparalleled in the field of entrepreneurs. Such a crushing victory made his fans particularly excited, and it made the people of the world look at him in a different light once again.

While the outside media was hyping up this matter, Li Mu was at home thinking about how much he should cut off from Mars to let Roland Mas get out of here.

After thinking about it, he called Li Ziwei.

When the call was connected, Li Mu told Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, after tomorrow's press conference, Roland Mas will definitely ask to meet me again. When that time comes, ask him to go directly to Makino Technology to find me."

Li Ziwei immediately said, "Okay, Li Zong, I understand."

Li Mu said again, "By the way, help me print a few documents. I'll show them to Roland Mas tomorrow."

Li Ziwei hurriedly asked, "What documents do you want to print?"

Li Mu said, "I'll text you a list later."

"Okay."

…

The next afternoon.

In the banquet hall of a foreign hotel in Beijing, Mars' press conference was about to begin.

The number of media present at this press conference was more than a thousand, and the venue was almost overcrowded.

Makino Technology's reporters were also invited to attend this press conference.

Roland Mas, who was resting in the VIP room on the second floor, overlooked the entire scene through the floor-to-ceiling window. The scene of the densely packed reporters below made his scalp tingle a little.

Although Mars was one of the world's top 500 companies, it had never held such a large-scale press conference since its establishment.

In fact, Mars also wanted to make some big news in the past, but they were only a private enterprise focused on food. Apart from the occasional small scandal, it was difficult to make any real big news. Sometimes, even if they tried their best to invite, they could not invite so much media attention. After all, many media had very high requirements for the quality of the news, and they would not pay attention to the press conference of a food company.

However, when this press conference was related to Li Mu, this press conference became the focus of attention. Almost all the invited media sent their reporters to attend. Even Roland Mas and the staff of Mars did not expect such a grand scene.

Only 500 seats had been prepared at the scene, but from the looks of it, the 500 seats had long been filled. Almost all the other places were also filled with people. There were countless cameras and cameras below, and the flashes were exploding in every corner.

Roland Mas was shocked. He thought to himself, The f * ck hasn't even started, and the reporters are already taking pictures. Won't the flashes turn it into daylight later?

Moreover, just how many people were there in this dense mass of people down there?

They are all here to watch me admit defeat and make a fool of myself …

Set a small goal first, such as one second. Remember: Booksellers