Chapter 1600

In Manchester.

In the Manchester City players' lounge, the manager, Kevin Keegan, was giving a tactical explanation to the team's main players.

After receiving Li Mu's reply email, CEO Alister immediately communicated with the manager, Kevin Keegan.

On the one hand, he told Kevin Keegan that Li Mu had given instructions that he would immediately communicate with the clubs of Rooney, Robben and Modric about the transfer. On the other hand, he also conveyed Li Mu's request to Kevin Keegan to strengthen the team's energy investment in physical training. At the same time, he also reminded Kevin Keegan to focus on Cristiano Ronaldo, as well as the two Hua Xia players, Dong Fangzhuo and Sun Jihai.

Kevin Keegan's heart was like a mirror.

Cristiano Ronaldo, whom Li Mu had spent so much effort to get, was indeed extraordinary. Although he played as a substitute in the last game, he still won the game's MVP. He was simply a dazzling new star. He naturally wanted to use him as the core of the team to restructure a new set of tactics.

As for Dong Fangzhuo and Sun Jihai, he was also well aware that Li Mu, as a Hua Xia man, naturally attached great importance to these two Hua Xia players. This meant that he must cultivate these two players well and even give them enough resources and energy.

Sun Jihai was easy to deal with. He was the team's main defender. Kevin Keegan himself also admired the daring Hua Xia defender, who had good skills and awareness. However, he still lacked enough understanding of Dong Fangzhuo. He always felt that the young man was a little dull and seemed to react half a beat slowly. It was probably because he had just arrived in Britain. He did not know if he could show a different side after he adapted to life in Britain and the environment of the Manchester City team.

After much consideration, Kevin Keegan said to his players, "In the next game, we have to make some adjustments to the tactics and the team's layout. Cristiano, you will start the next game. I hope you can maintain your form in the last game and help the team win this game and achieve three consecutive wins!"

The young Ronaldo immediately nodded and said firmly, "Please rest assured, manager. I will do my best."

Kevin Keegan nodded with satisfaction and said, "The owner of the club, Mr. Li Mu, has always valued you very much. Today, he specifically mentioned you in his email to the CEO, Alister. He hopes that you can integrate into the team as soon as possible and play your best."

Ronaldo did not expect Li Mu to specifically mention him in the email. He was suddenly excited and nodded heavily.

The young Cristiano Ronaldo had yet to grow into a world-class idol. He was just an 18-year-old teenager with his own idol, and the person Cristiano Ronaldo admired was Li Mu.

Li Mu's attention and concern for him made Ronaldo feel high-spirited.

At this time, Kevin Keegan said, "Our overall tactics on the field tomorrow will be centered on Cristiano as the main offensive core. But Cristiano, you must remember not to be a lone ranger on the football field. Your teammates will do everything possible to create good opportunities for you, but you must also know how to cooperate with the team and assist the other players when other teammates obviously have more opportunities."

Ronaldo blurted out, "I will definitely cooperate with everyone. Please rest assured, coach."

Kevin Keegan nodded and looked at Dong Fangzhuo again. "Dong, you have just joined the club and are still in the stage of adapting. However, I still hope that you can integrate into the team as soon as possible and understand the team's style. At the same time, let the team understand your style, so that we can carry out in-depth cooperation."

Dong Fangzhuo's English was very poor, so he always had a Chinese male interpreter with him. This interpreter was specially arranged for him by the club in order to let him integrate as quickly as possible.

After the interpreter told Dong Fangzhuo the manager's words, he stood up nervously and said, "Please rest assured, coach. I will work hard to adapt to the team."

Kevin Keegan nodded gently and said, "If we can get the lead in the first half of the next game, I will let you come on as a substitute in the second half at the right time."

Dong Fangzhuo did not expect that he could come on as a substitute in the official game as soon as he joined the club. He was suddenly excited and hurriedly nodded in agreement.

At this time, Alister suddenly called Kevin Keegan and said, "Kevin, I just received news that Prince William of the royal family is coming to Manchester and will come to our club to meet the players."

“

"Prince William?" Kevin Keegan asked in surprise, "Why is Prince William here?"

Alister said, "I don't know the details, but according to the news I received, he seems to have claimed to be a fan of our club, but I guess it has something to do with Mr. Li Mu."

Kevin Keegan hurriedly asked him, "What do I need to do to prepare?"

"There's nothing special to prepare," Alister said. "We just need to greet everyone and let them show enough respect and enthusiasm when they see Prince William."

Kevin Keegan immediately said, "No problem, I will communicate with everyone."

It was not the first or second time that a member of the British royal family visited the club, but for the Manchester City team, this was the first time.

Moreover, it was the most popular third-generation prince and the second heir to the throne. For the British Kevin Keegan, Prince William's visit carried a lot of weight.

So, he happily conveyed the good news to the team, which made the whole team jump with joy.

Originally, Manchester City was a low-level team in the Premier League that was not valued. But after it was acquired by Li Mu, not only did it have abundant funds to strengthen the club, but even the publicity and exposure of the entire club had increased many times. This time, even Prince William specially came from London to visit. The treatment was simply impeccable.

…

When William arrived in Manchester, Li Mu happened to be holding Zhao Ziqiu and lying in bed watching the latest episode of "The Life We Look Forward to".

The show had just begun, and the picture was of Li Mu setting off from his home in Ziyun Villa.

Because Li Mu experienced the whole process personally, he basically did not pay attention to what he said or did, but focused on the post-processing of Xiangnan Satellite TV.

An excellent variety show is a great test of the ability and foundation of the post-processing. If the post-processing ability is weak, no matter how good the show is, it will seem a little empty, or even boring. However, if the post-processing can be done, those extremely boring variety shows can also exert a strong vitality.

In his previous life, in Li Mu's mind, the level of post-production of "The Life We Look Forward to" was top-notch in the whole domestic variety show. Otherwise, this relatively dull farming variety show could not have become an instant hit.

A strong post-processing lies in their use of every shot. A smart post-processing will seize an ordinary shot to the extreme, thus achieving an excellent variety effect.

Previously, Li Mu remembered that there was a dog, two sheep, a flock of chickens, and a goose in "The Life We Look Forward to". Just capturing the special expressions and movements of these animals in the post-processing, and then matching them with various funny subtitles, played a very good comedy effect.

What made Li Mu feel gratified was that although the show was more than ten years in advance, the post-processing of Xiangnan Satellite TV has been done very well, much better than he expected.

When he arrived at the Mushroom House on TV, Li Mu began to pay attention to the visual effect of the Mushroom House under the camera. The more such a farming variety show, the more attention should be paid to the beauty of the setting in front of the camera, especially the elegance of the Xanadu is particularly important. Whether it can make the audience yearn for it or not, half depends on the audience's visual experience.

Fortunately, the original layout of the Mushroom House was very sophisticated, exquisite but not extravagant, elegant but not luxurious, giving people the feeling that it is indeed a perfect place to avoid the hustle and bustle.

In the program, He Lu is wise and calm, Huang Lei is smart and capable, and Peng Yuyan, who has just made his debut, has created a good image of a cute and stupid teenager. The three people are very compatible.

After Li Mu joined in, the atmosphere between the four people suddenly became active. He Lu and Huang Lei both have high emotional intelligence and good eloquence, so in the process of chatting with Li Mu, the three people can be said to be continuous golden sentences. Many dialogues resonated at the audience level, so Zhao Ziqiu, who was next to Li Mu, was always amused and giggled.

As for Peng Yuyan, he did make a good signature image of a cute and stupid person, adding a lot of comedy effect to the program from another dimension.

With such four people, even if they do nothing, just doing housework and chatting in the program, they can bring a huge comedy effect to the audience.

When it came to the part where Li Mu and Peng Yuyan went fishing in the lake, the plot began to become more interesting. Zhao Ziqiu watched intently, and her whole person was attracted by the program.

At this time, the image of the program suddenly changed, and a foreigner appeared in the camera.

It turned out to be Google's CEO, Larry Page.

Larry Page was carrying a backpack, walking through the village to find the program crew to inquire. At this time, the program narrated and subtitles. "This foreign friend is here to see Li Mu, Li Zong. It is said that he just flew over from the United States, and as soon as he got off the plane, he hurried over by taxi. We don't know who he is, and we don't know how Li Zong will feel when he sees an American friend coming over …"

At this time, Larry Page on the screen had already found the lake according to the feedback from the program crew.