Chapter 1605

After William and his entourage passed through customs, Cky, the corgi that came with them, also completed the quarantine inspection.

Makino Technology's motorcade had been waiting outside the airport for a long time. When Li Mu and the others came out, his bodyguard, Wang Yuanlang, was chatting with a man across the road. Seeing that they had come out, he hurriedly waved at the man and returned to the car.

Li Mu arranged for William to sit in the same car as him, so Wang Yuanlang dared to open the door of the back seat before Li Mu and the others arrived.

Li Mu let William sit in the car first, and then he went to the other side. After getting in the car, Li Mu asked Wang Yuanlang curiously, "Brother Wang, did you see someone familiar?"

"Yes."

Wang Yuanlang nodded and said, "There are quite a lot of acquaintances. The prince is here today, and the higher-ups have also sent many plainclothes from the security department to secretly protect him."

Li Mu suddenly understood. Although William did not come to China for political purposes, but in a personal way, due to his special identity, it was impossible for the country to really ignore him. They must be responsible for his safety. Otherwise, if something went wrong, even if the country was not responsible, they would still have to take the blame.

The motorcade set off. Li Mu said to William, who was beside him, "I'll send you to the hotel to rest later. We'll have lunch at the hotel at noon, and then go directly to Makino Technology."

William nodded. "I'm a guest, so I'll leave everything to you, Mr. Li."

Li Mu smiled and said, "This time, I invited you here mainly to build momentum for you, but I can't make it too obvious. If I directly promote you, people will feel that I'm too deliberate, so it's better to cut in from the practical things one by one. First, we have to let the people of Hua Xia know more about you and support you."

William hurriedly said, "Thank you, Mr. Li, for your good intentions. Before I came here, my grandmother told me to listen to everything you say."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Thank you for your trust, Your Majesty. My entire itinerary is relatively tight. This afternoon, we'll visit Makino Technology, tomorrow, we'll go to Taobao and Taobao Logistics, and then we'll go to my alma mater, which is Renmin University where the 3321 operation team is located."

William immediately nodded and said, "Okay, I'll follow Mr. Lee's arrangement."

Li Mu sent William and the others to the hotel that he had booked in advance.

After arriving at the hotel, William asked someone to open a huge suitcase and took out a few items from it. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, my grandmother prepared some gifts for you this time. These gifts were carefully selected by her. I hope you like them."

Li Mu said politely, "The Queen is too kind. She deliberately prepared gifts for me. I'm really ashamed to accept it."

William said, "These gifts were selected from the collection of the Windsor family. Basically, they are all cultural relics of Hua Xia. For various reasons, they ended up in the UK. So my grandmother wanted me to bring them back to you this time. It can also be regarded as sending these historical relics home."

Li Mu nodded. There were many cultural relics of Hua Xia that had been lost overseas. There were many ancient and precious cultural relics from Hua Xia in the collection of the Windsor family alone. The Queen was kind enough to send a few back. Regardless of the value, at least it was a great honor.

So Li Mu thanked her and handed these antique calligraphy and paintings to Li Ziwei to deal with. There was only one way to deal with them, and that was to donate them directly to the country.

Because it was already 10 o 'clock when the plane landed, and it took some time to go through the customs, when Li Mu and William were almost done talking, they found that it was almost time for lunch.

He hurriedly called Zhao Ziqiu, who was still in Ziyun Villa. He heard that Zhao Ziqiu was at home in Ziyun Villa!

As he said this, Li Mu asked her, "Do you want to come over for lunch with Prince William at noon?"

Zhao Ziqiu said with a smile, "I won't go. I don't want to disturb your business. Besides, I'm lazy now. I don't want to move at all."

Li Mu asked her, "What are you going to eat for lunch?"

Zhao Ziqiu said, "I haven't thought about it yet. I don't want to go out. How about cooking noodles for me later?"

Li Mu said, "Then I'll ask Ziwei to go over later. She will bring you some food and a toy."

"Toy?" Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "You bought me a toy?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I didn't buy it. Someone gave it to me."

Zhao Ziqiu hurriedly asked, "What is it?"

Li Mu laughed and said, "You'll know in a while. I'll ask Ziwei to go back now."

After hanging up the phone, Li Mu immediately called Li Ziwei to his side and told her two things. First, buy some food for Zhao Ziqiu to bring back. Second, bring Cky back to Ziyun Villa and ask Zhao Ziqiu to help take care of it.

Li Mu really wanted to give the corgi away. It wasn't that he didn't like dogs, but he didn't have the time and energy to take care of it. However, after thinking about it carefully, it was a dog given by the Queen. It didn't seem right to ignore it, so he decided to keep it.

Anyway, he had a big yard in his villa at Ziyun Villa. It was easy to keep a dog. If he had to go somewhere else or abroad, he could directly entrust the dog to someone else, such as Wei Lan.

…

Li Ziwei packed some exquisite dishes from the hotel's F&B department. Then, she brought Cky and some of its food and necessities to Ziyun Villa.

When Zhao Ziqiu came out to open the door, she saw Cky in Li Ziwei's arms at first glance. She immediately said in surprise, "Wow, corgi, Ziwei, did you raise this little guy?"

Li Ziwei said with a smile, "I didn't raise it. Li Zong asked me to bring it back for you."

"Huh?" Zhao Ziqiu asked in surprise, "For me?

It's the toy that Li Mu was talking about? "

"Yes, it's it."

Li Ziwei smiled and put Cky on the ground. Cky, who hadn't had a chance to run around, suddenly ran wildly in the yard. Its short legs stumbled as it ran. It looked very funny and cute.

Zhao Ziqiu also liked this cute little dog. So, she squatted on the ground and waved at it. She asked Li Ziwei, "What's this little guy's name?"

Li Ziwei said, "It's called Cky."

Zhao Ziqiu smiled and said, "Come, Cky, come here."

Cky seemed to understand that Zhao Ziqiu was calling it. It stopped and turned to look at Zhao Ziqiu with a blank expression.

Li Ziwei reminded, "Ziqiu, Cky is from England. It might not understand Chinese. Why don't you try to greet it in English?"

Zhao Ziqiu asked curiously, "It's from England?

Why did it run so far away? "

Li Ziwei explained, "England's Prince William brought it here. He said that it's a gift from the Queen to Li Zong. The Queen raised it herself."

Zhao Ziqiu said in surprise, "It's a puppy with royal blood …"

As she spoke, she tried to shout in English, "Cky, here!"