Chapter 750

Boss Ma was mentally and physically exhausted today.

It was not a big deal to have a strong opponent, but it was painful to have a huge opponent that he could only look up to.

Boss Ma could not understand how Li Mu, a young man in his twenties, was able to play with the internet so well.

What was most incomprehensible was that Li Mu was an all-rounder in the internet industry. Just the Makino Technology and Taobao, these two big products, had surpassed the entire industry by leaps and bounds.

Boss Ma was a proud man. A few years ago, an unexpected visit to the United States opened the door to the Internet for him. It also allowed him to be one step ahead of countless people in China. He was exposed to the Internet and the business opportunities behind it. It could even be said that his e-commerce model was integrated from the existing model in the United States.

Boss Ma had never felt ashamed about this. This was because everyone was imitating the US in this aspect. Whether it was himself, Baidu, Tengxun, NetEase, Sina, or Sohu, they were all one step ahead of others. They had directly brought the more mature model of the US internet industry to China. To be able to walk in front of billions of people on the road of imitation was enough to make these Hua Xia internet veterans proud.

However, Li Mu was completely different.

Li Mu and his products had almost no trace of imitating the US internet industry!

If one insisted on imitating, it could only be said that Li Mu had learned the concepts created by the US internet, such as instant messaging and e-commerce. However, what Li Mu had learned was only the theory and concepts. The products he created in these two areas were definitely the first in the world.

Take instant messaging software as an example. At present, no other instant messaging software could be compared to YY. YY itself had many very powerful original functions, and a series of ecological products had been created around YY, especially Tieba, Happy Farm, and YY games. Li Mu's ecological closed-loop was very good, and this kind of gameplay was the first in the world's Internet industry.

There was also e-commerce. Li Mu's Taobao was just launched not long ago. From its operating model, it can be seen that he had seen through the core of C2C and B2C. The entire 2C business is the foundation of the retail business. In this aspect, Li Mu's plan was much bigger than Amazon and eBay. Furthermore, Li Mu had used 3321 to incubate Alipay before Taobao was launched. Taobao immediately turned Alipay into a payment channel and transaction guarantee. It played an extremely important role in online transactions. This method was much better than PayPal.

On the other hand, Boss Ma had a B2B platform, a team, some overseas capital relations, and a few logistics companies in his hands.

If one were to use a fleet as an analogy, the B2B platform was a destroyer, which was also the flagship and main ship of the entire Ngari fleet. The overseas capital relations were a supply ship. The three newly acquired logistics companies could only be regarded as three light missile speedboats. The entire fleet was composed of four combat ships and one supply ship. The ships could only be considered medium in terms of displacement and firepower, and their overall strength was weak.

On the other hand, the fleet under Li Mu was huge. The Taobao network that was facing him head-on was undoubtedly a large aircraft carrier. Although it had just been launched, its combat power was already very terrifying. On the other hand, Zhi Fubao was the Aegis missile cruiser that never left the Taobao aircraft carrier. Its attack, defense, and firepower support capabilities were extremely outstanding.

In addition, there was also a strategic nuclear submarine under construction in Li Mu's dock, which was Taobao's self-built logistics system. Although it was only a support system, in terms of its strategic role in e-commerce, it was definitely as important as the strategic nuclear submarine. Moreover, the current funds had been in place, and the launch of this strategic nuclear submarine was just around the corner.

What was terrifying was that Li Mu also had a very large supply ship — Wanying Real Estate.

Not only that, but if they were to fight against him, Li Mu's other large aircraft carrier battle group would also participate. YY itself was an aircraft carrier with a displacement higher than Taobao. Tieba, YY games, and Happy Farm played the roles of cruisers, destroyers, and attack submarines respectively. In the war between him and Taobao, YY's aircraft carrier battle group would also display its combat power at all times, helping Taobao to display more powerful strength.

Boss Ma knew that his weight was basically crushed by Li Mu's aircraft carrier battle group. However, he still had his ambition. The three light missile speedboats were the key to his success. If the strategic deployment and tactics were used properly, the three light missile speedboats would have the opportunity to sink Taobao and Zhi Fubao. As long as Taobao and Zhi Fubao were sunk, YY's aircraft carrier battle group wouldn't be able to help even if they wanted to. They could only watch him win.

Unfortunately, although stealing a chicken was indeed exciting, the chances of failure were also very high. When Li Mu invested in his fleet and completely mobilized the entire EMS to serve him, Boss Ma realized that his plan to steal a chicken had completely failed.

Dragging his exhausted body back home, Boss Ma, who was sitting on the sofa, was still at his wits' end.

His plan to steal a chicken had failed. The next thing he had to do was to confront them head-on.

Le Tao was about to go online. When the wave of Taobao passed, he would let the hastily completed Le Tao go into the water and fight against Taobao. He was full of pride, but he lacked strength.

At that moment, his phone rang. Lu Zhaoxi said eagerly, "Boss Ma, watch the TV!

Zhejiang Satellite TV!

Liu Yidong is being interviewed by the TV station. He's slandering us! "

Boss Ma quivered and hurriedly turned on the TV. Zhejiang Satellite TV was broadcasting the evening news. On the TV screen, Liu Yidong was facing the microphones and cameras of more than twenty TV stations. He spread his hands and said helplessly, "I don't understand either. Why did these three delivery companies coincidentally stop their nationwide receiving services on the day Taobao Brand Day? Just like that reporter said, if it wasn't for the full cooperation between EMS and Taobao, our delivery turnover might have been paralyzed. This might have brought disaster to Taobao. If it wasn't for EMS, the headlines of today's news might have been: 'Taobao Online Logistics Paralyzed', 'Parcel Explosion', 'Consumers Have No Hope of Receiving Their Goods', 'The Future of E-commerce Is Uncertain', and so on …"

Boss Ma's heart skipped a beat when he heard Liu Yidong talking about the three delivery companies in front of the media. He dropped the remote control in his hand.

He immediately understood Li Mu's intention. Brand Day had just passed, and Li Mu had just shouldered the huge pressure of logistics. Now, he was fighting back.

Li Mu, you're too ruthless!

You're trying to make me the target of everyone's criticism!

Just five minutes ago, the news of Liu Yidong's interview started to be broadcast. Liu Yidong reported to the reporter all the detailed data of Taobao Brand Day, how much money was sold, how many goods were sold, how many orders were closed, and which companies achieved brilliant sales results.

After the introduction, he also naturally reported on the logistics and delivery of these orders.

Liu Yidong said, "Due to some special reasons, the 14 million orders generated by Taobao Brand Day can only be delivered through EMS. This has put a lot of pressure on EMS. However, we're very glad that EMS has given Taobao 200% support. EMS employees all over the country are working overtime to help Taobao digest and deliver these 14 million orders as soon as possible."

Liu Yidong purposely left a question for the reporter: What was the special reason that caused more than 10 million orders on Taobao Brand Day to be delivered through EMS?

There were at least a few private delivery companies in the country, right?

Therefore, without a doubt, a reporter stood up and asked, "Mr. Liu, can you explain in detail why Taobao Brand Day can only be delivered through EMS?"

Liu Yidong sighed and said, "There's no other way. On the day of our brand day, the three private delivery companies, Home Express, Shentong, and Yuantong, coincidentally announced that they would stop receiving orders on the same day. After they stopped receiving orders, not only did we not have a way to borrow their transportation capacity to share the pressure, but a considerable part of the transportation capacity that they had declined also flowed into EMS, greatly increasing the pressure and burden on us and EMS."

When this sentence was said, all the reporters were shocked!

They originally thought that Taobao Brand and EMS had some kind of strategic partnership, so all of Taobao Brand's orders were entrusted to EMS to deliver. Suddenly hearing Liu Yidong say so, they realized that Taobao Brand was forced to cooperate with EMS because several other large scale delivery companies refused to accept orders!

Wasn't the service of the delivery company just receiving and delivering orders?

This was the most fundamental thing they relied on to survive. Under normal circumstances, how could the delivery company suddenly stop receiving orders?

Moreover, it was at the critical moment of Taobao Brand Day, when orders were exploding. Could it be that these delivery companies didn't want to make money?

Also, why did all three delivery companies stop receiving orders at the same time?

Was this a coincidence?

Absolutely not!

The reporters' sense of smell was extremely sharp, and they immediately realized that there must be something fishy going on!

They didn't even need to think to know that someone was deliberately targeting Taobao Brand Day, and wanted to create trouble for Taobao Brand Day!

Taobao Brand Day's news had been hyped up for an entire day. Actually, the media reporters knew that Li Mu was the real big news. If they couldn't report on Li Mu, then there wouldn't be any explosive news worth hyping up. However, Liu Yidong's words immediately made them realize that the explosive news they had been waiting for had finally arrived!

Taobao Brand Day had single-handedly pulled in 2.683 billion in sales in a single day. Even Central TV's news had said that Taobao Brand Day had a great impact on promoting and improving the domestic economy. With over 2 billion in sales in a single day, so many companies, workers, and raw materials suppliers had benefited from it. But someone had actually deliberately created trouble for Taobao Brand Day at this critical moment. If they dug up this person, wouldn't that be the explosive news?

The media reporters hurriedly asked, "Director Liu, do you know why these three delivery companies stopped receiving orders at the same time at such a critical time?

Is there some hidden reason behind this?

If it wasn't for EMS, would Taobao Brand Day's deliveries have been paralyzed? "

Later on, it was the scene that Boss Ma saw when he turned on the television. Liu Yidong spread his hands and said helplessly, "I don't understand either …"