Chapter 1025

No matter how the American media commented on Paradise Town, American college students were completely fascinated by the game.

First of all, there were a lot of people like Fiona in every school. By actively promoting the game, adding friends, and constantly receiving game items and gifts from friends, they suddenly became the new tycoon on campus with a daily income of thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars.

Secondly, every student who joined the game realized that the game had a positive effect on networking. Through the game, not only could they interact more with their daily friends, but they could also interact directly with their idols and goddesses. It even had a great effect on developing connections that had not been developed for a long time. For example, friends who had not been in contact for a long time could also reconnect because of the game.

A social game like Paradise Town had a very, very powerful core point: the amount of time you spent playing the game was equivalent to the amount of time you spent maintaining and sorting out your relationships.

Young people in the new era were becoming more and more isolated from daily communication. They would at most keep in contact with a few classmates and friends. Apart from that, they had very little contact with other people. Moreover, no one was willing to waste time and energy on simply maintaining their social network. No one would take ten minutes or even a few hours out of their day to text, call, or even write letters to their friends to maintain their social network. However, if this work could be combined with the game, the results would be completely different.

Paradise Town's sorting and maintenance of connections made all college students find an unprecedented joy in it. Their obsession with this kind of fun accelerated the popularity of Paradise Town among American college students.

In a short period of time, Makino Technology became a giant in the eyes of the Internet industry in the United States with Paradise Town and the supporting promotion methods of Paradise Town. It also became the object of crazy pursuit in the entire American capital field.

So far, Makino Technology had taken the initiative to make two moves in the entire American and even the global market.

The first move was that YY unexpectedly became popular among the elite class, and then Makino Technology immediately carried out customized product upgrades for this group of elite class, expanding a larger elite market and income.

The second move was to rely on a game to earn tens of millions of dollars in the United States every day, attracting the fanatical pursuit of countless American college students.

The editor-in-chief of Silicon Valley's most authoritative magazine, Silicon-Valley-Magazine, who had become a fanatical fan of Li Mu when YY became popular, expressed his praise for Makino Technology without reservation in the latest issue of the magazine.

In the article, he said, "Li Mu and his Makino Technology have already impressed me. I have never seen an Internet company succeed in the American market so easily. It even gave me an illusion that the United States is not the country that created the Internet, nor is it the center of the Internet, but Hua Xia!

Otherwise, how can an Internet company from Hua Xia conquer the American market so easily?

In my impression, even among the Internet companies in the United States that went to Hua Xia to develop, none of them could easily win in Hua Xia like Makino Technology did in the United States, right? "

His remarks were approved by the entire Silicon Valley, and even the entire American community that paid attention to Makino Technology. The easy success of Makino Technology in the United States highlighted that the American market was like the border of a weak country, easily torn apart by foreign invaders.

More exciting remarks were yet to come. Because of this article, he created a new theory in the Internet industry: the panda theory.

The original article said, "I think that when American Internet companies face Makino Technology, they are as helpless as all the other animals in the Washington Zoo face Hua Xia's pandas."

"The reason why I'm helpless is that the latter seems to have a natural magic power. It doesn't even need to do anything. It just takes a plane to the United States and appears in the zoo out of thin air. It can eat, drink, and sleep as it pleases, and it doesn't need to work hard to please the tourists at all. With just its appearance, it can immediately attract countless fans and cause the tourists to chase after it. Not only is it awesome, but it's also naturally awesome.

"Compared to this Huaxia panda, the animals in the zoo who used to rack their brains and exhaust all their energy to please the tourists are really too pathetic. Their whole life's efforts are no match for the panda's influence when it lies on the ground and chews on bamboo."

Finally, he concluded, "Maybe some companies are born with this' panda temperament ', so they can achieve the greatest success in the fastest and easiest way. In the face of such a company, other companies don't have to be discouraged. Who asked it to be a panda?

In the face of such a company, venture capital must seize the opportunity. You have to know that this is a rare panda. When you meet such a company, the most you should do is to directly ask them: How much do you want?

I'll pay! "

The article caused quite a stir in the American Internet industry and the financial world. Everyone agreed with his "panda theory" because the performance of Makino Technology in the American market was indeed no different from that of a panda. So far, no company was as efficient as Makino Technology. With only two moves in the American market, it was able to achieve such a strong market, income, and influence. Therefore, it had become an anomaly in the eyes of the Internet companies in the United States, a "panda" from Hua Xia with its own halo.

The ownership of Paradise Town was in the hands of Makino Games after it was split. In essence, the money earned by this game had nothing to do with Makino Technology. However, this still accelerated the crazy pursuit of Makino Technology by the world's capital. This was because Li Mu had already played the same game in the Hua Xia market once.

When Happy Farm became popular in Hua Xia, it was equivalent to preparing a nuclear attack on other communication and social media products in the market. As long as Happy Farm merged with YY, it was equivalent to pressing the nuclear button and instantly overturning the dominant QQ in the market at that time.

Now, the upgraded product, Paradise Town, which was many times more fun than Happy Farm, had begun to become popular among the American college students. After conquering the college students, the day when it would become popular in the United States was getting closer and closer. This also indicated that once Paradise Town became popular in the United States, YY would also be completely popularized in the American market. At that time, the market value of Makino Technology would probably increase by several times.

Ding Zhenglin, who was proficient in the art of capital, realized that this was an excellent time. He found Li Mu and the first thing he said was, "Li Zong, it's time to go to the United States!"

Li Mu had also expected this. He knew that he had to go to the United States in the near future, but he had not confirmed the time.

Therefore, Li Mu asked him, "When do you think is the right time?"

Ding Zhenglin said, "In two days. Now is the time when our reputation in the United States is at its highest."

Ding Zhenglin's sudden words were equivalent to helping Li Mu make a decision that had been undecided for a long time. The financing of a company with a valuation of more than ten billion US dollars was even rarer than a rocket launch window. Therefore, Li Mu did not think too much about it. He immediately nodded and said to him, "Then we'll leave in two days. You go prepare and come with me."

Ding Zhenglin nodded and said, "Okay, Li Zong, I'll start preparing now."

After Ding Zhenglin left, Li Mu called Kong Lingyu and the core management of the entire Makino Technology and Mu Ye Games for an emergency meeting. Since they would leave for the United States in two days, they would officially set foot on the land of the United States in three days and begin to fight with the big shots and plutocrats of the United States. Li Mu felt that he still needed more artillery support from Makino Technology and Mu Ye Games!

After everyone was seated in the conference room, Li Mu went straight to the point and said to everyone, "Today, I called everyone here to announce a decision. I met with Mr. Ding, who is in charge of capital operations in our company. We have decided to take advantage of the success of Makino Technology in the United States to set off to the United States to discuss our Series C financing with Sequoia. The specific time of departure is set for the day after tomorrow."

As soon as Li Mu announced that they were going to the United States, everyone at the conference table was excited. Although Makino Technology was developing rapidly, they were currently expanding to the global battlefield. Weapons, ammunition, and food supplies were all stretched thin, so YY had not officially launched an active promotion in the United States. Paradise Town could only cut into the battlefield of college students first. There was no way to fight a full-scale war. However, once the financing was in place, more than a billion US dollars in cash would be in the account. At that time, Makino Technology would have the strength to expand globally.

Everyone discussed excitedly. The content of the discussion was nothing more than what adjustments they should make to their gameplay when the money arrived.

Li Mu gave everyone a few minutes to boldly imagine and fantasize. When they were almost done, he smiled and raised his hand to interrupt them. He said, "This time, not only will we be going to the United States to discuss financing, but we will also find a chance to meet all the big shots in the financial industry, the Internet industry, the software industry, and the hardware industry. In the next few days, when I'm negotiating with them at their headquarters, in order to achieve the best results, I will definitely need more confidence to intimidate them. Therefore, I need everyone to focus on a round of intensive firepower support for me during this period of time."

Kong Lingyu understood what Li Mu meant. He immediately said, "Li Zong, how do you need us to cooperate with you? Just let us know. The 'online preview of attachments' and the 'discussion group' that you asked us to develop for YY are almost completed. They will be released in the next two to three days at the earliest. I believe that these two functions will definitely shock the American elites even more!"

The technology expert, Fang Xudong, said with a smile, "If these two new functions are released at once, I believe that the users will not only be shocked, but they will also worship us!"