Chapter 1576

When Li Mu's plane landed in Beijing's airport, there were already reports about him all over the country.

However, this main character of the nation's attention passed through the airport in a low-profile manner before leaving the airport in Makino Technology's fleet.

When Li Mu asked Anne Hathaway about her upcoming schedule, she replied, "I might be taking a rest in Beijing for a day before booking a flight back to Spring City tomorrow. I'll be starting work in two days."

"You haven't booked a hotel or flight, right?" Li Mu asked.

Anne Hathaway nodded her head and replied, "I should be heading to the hotel directly. I can just get the hotel to book the flight."

After a brief pondering, Li Mu said, "I do have a few guest rooms in the Ziyun Villa. If you're willing, you can stay at my place. I'll get someone to book the flight for you, and I'll get the driver to send you to the airport tomorrow."

After all, Anne Hathaway was a girl, and she was alone. To a foreigner like her, Hua Xia was Li Mu's territory, so she naturally had to be the host. Since there were many rooms in the house, it wouldn't be inconvenient for her to stay at his place. Furthermore, it would be safer for her to stay there, and she could also take better care of her.

However, Anne Hathaway had some misunderstandings in her heart. She felt that Li Mu's invitation was filled with ambiguity. After a brief hesitation, she suppressed the shyness in her heart and nodded her head. "Then, I'll have to trouble you, Mr. Li."

Since he had just experienced a long flight across the ocean, Li Mu wasn't preparing to go to the company. Thus, he said to Li Ziwei, "Ziwei, you must be tired from the past few days. Go back and rest first. I'll return to the Ziyun Villa to rest for a day, so I won't be busy with work today."

Li Ziwei nodded her head. "Then, I'll accompany you to the Ziyun Villa first before I go home."

Li Ziwei's house wasn't far from Ziyun Villa, so Li Mu didn't refuse. He could just ask the chauffeur to send her back after he got home.

On the way home, Li Mu, Anne Hathaway, and Li Ziwei were in the same business car. When the motorcade had just entered the airport expressway, Dong Fangzhuo was sitting with his agent, club owner, and manager in Bincheng hundreds of kilometers away, discussing the issue of choosing between Manchester United and Manchester City.

In fact, there was nothing to discuss about this issue.

Whether it was Dong Fangzhuo himself, his agent, or the club owner and manager, they all chose the Manchester City Football Club in their hearts.

After all, it was Li Mu's football club. No matter how one looked at it, Dong Fangzhuo should not give up this option.

Then, there were only two questions left.

When will the transfer be and how much will the transfer cost?

Previously, the club had been asking Manchester United for an offer of about four million pounds. Manchester United had always felt that it was too expensive, and according to Manchester United's expectations, they didn't even want to pay one million pounds.

Manchester United knew the deepest thoughts of Dong Fangzhuo's agent and the club. They were all people who cared about their reputation. They liked to pile up the numbers and then hand them over to the media to wildly hype up and chase after them. So, they proposed an extremely sneaky transfer method. The transfer fee was announced to be 3.5 million pounds, but the Manchester United Football Club actually paid only 500,000 pounds. The rest was all written in additional terms, such as future bonuses, goal expectations, and so on.

However, Dong Fangzhuo's club was tempted by this proposal. Although they only got a few hundred thousand pounds, it could be announced to the public that it was 3.5 million pounds. A value of 350 pounds could be said to have broken the record of Hua Xia's value as a football player. In their eyes, this was a particularly prestigious thing.

Therefore, Dong Fangzhuo's club boss gave his own request. "Dong Fangzhuo's actual value will be reported as one million pounds, and the remaining terms will be the same as Manchester United's."

Dong Fangzhuo's agent was anxious at the time and said, "President Chen, with Li Mu's ability and connections, it is very easy to find out Manchester United's actual offer to Dong Fangzhuo. If we let him know that we offered him twice as much as Manchester United, it will be too unreasonable!

If the whole country knows, it will criticize us. "

President Chen said, "Li Mu is so rich that he won't care about such a little bit, but this money is too important to our club!"

The agent immediately said, "No one's money grows on trees. President Chen, you are very rich, but will you pay twice the price for a pack of cigarettes?

If you go to a fellow countryman's shop to buy cigarettes, and the other party charges you twice the price, how would you feel? "

President Chen could not help but smack his lips.

He wanted to earn Li Mu's money because he felt that Li Mu, who had climbed to the top of the business circle, could also pay attention to Dong Fangzhuo, which meant that Dong Fangzhuo was indeed very valuable. With his economic strength, it was not a big deal to spend more than a few hundred thousand pounds on a player he was optimistic about, right?

Therefore, he said firmly, "Just report it like this. The actual transfer value of one million pounds, and the remaining three million pounds will be written in the form of bonuses in the contract. Announce to the public that the value is four million pounds."

"President Chen …" The agent was suddenly dumbfounded and blurted out, "Why don't we report it according to the price we discussed with Manchester United?"

"No." President Chen waved his hand and said firmly, "Just report it like this, and not a penny less."

With that, President Chen said with a smile, "If you want to gamble, then make it big. If you succeed, then you'll earn. If not, then take a step back and talk to Manchester United!"

For entrepreneurs who gambled and were greedy, there was no middle value between 50 and 100. It was either earn 100 or earn 50. There was no other middle value. Instead of struggling to negotiate with the other party for 60, in his eyes, it was better to directly quote 100 and bet that he could grasp the other party's pain point.

When the Bincheng club's offer for Dong Fangzhuo reached Sun Jihai, he was completely stunned.

Outsiders did not know the situation of the Premier League and Dong Fangzhuo, but Sun Jihai had been in the United Kingdom for so long, so he naturally knew very well.

Even if Manchester United had not confirmed the cooperation with the Bincheng club, the transfer fee that Manchester United was likely to pay for Dong Fangzhuo was at most 600,000 pounds.

Now, the other party had quoted a higher price for Li Mu than what they had negotiated with Manchester United. This was simply killing him!

Sun Jihai had to persuade Dong Fangzhuo over the phone, "You must make it clear to your club boss that Li Mu is not a fool. If he treats Li Mu as a fool and fleeces him, he will be the one who suffers in the end."

Dong Fangzhuo said helplessly, "Brother Hai, I can't help it. The club boss insists on this offer. If it's lower than this, he won't let him go. Please talk to Li Zong or the club's leaders and see what they think."

Sun Jihai sighed and said, "Zhuozi, your boss is a f * cking bastard!"

After hanging up the phone, Sun Jihai called Li Ziwei. Li Mu had told him that if there was any news about Dong Fangzhuo, he should call her directly.

At this moment, Li Ziwei and Li Mu were sitting together in the car, driving on the Fifth Ring Road. Suddenly, they received a call from the United Kingdom and realized that it might be Sun Jihai.

After picking up the phone, Sun Jihai relayed the Bincheng club's offer to Dong Fangzhuo to Li Ziwei, and Li Ziwei immediately reported it to Li Mu.

After hearing the offer of one million plus three million pounds, Li Mu had some doubts in his heart. Then he remembered that Dong Fangzhuo's transfer value should have been 3.5 million pounds in his previous life. Why did it increase by five hundred thousand when it came to him?

Li Mu carefully pondered for a moment and realized that this matter was likely to be the club's doing. The club must have seen that he wanted to buy Dong Fangzhuo, so they raised the offer at the last minute.

This kind of approach made Li Mu feel a little disappointed. I went through so much trouble to get a Premier League club, originally to train a player like Hua Xia. Now I want to buy a player like Hua Xia to avoid repeating the mistakes of my previous life. I didn't expect Hua Xia's club to take the opportunity to extort me!

Thinking of this, Li Mu was a little annoyed.

Li Ziwei saw that Li Mu's expression was not right, and hurriedly asked, "Li Zong, what's wrong with you?

Is the offer from the team a little outrageous? "

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's a few hundred thousand pounds higher than the market price."

A few hundred thousand pounds?

Li Ziwei was shocked and speechless. This amount of money, if converted into RMB, would be a few million yuan.

Now, the housing prices in many places in Yanjing did not exceed 5,000 yuan. According to the price of five hundred thousand yuan, the other party had increased the price by almost ten houses.

Li Ziwei couldn't help but say, "If it's not suitable, we can also not buy this player."

Li Mu sighed and said, "Many businessmen only care about making money and have no sense of nationality. They only look at their personal interests and do not have the slightest bit of national sentiment. For such a guy, we must give him a little punishment. We must let him know that although money is important, some money can be earned and some money cannot be earned."

Li Ziwei saw that Li Mu's mood was not right, and hurriedly advised, "Li Zong, some people are relatively narrow-minded. You shouldn't lower yourself to their level. At worst, we can buy other players."

Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "But this kind of thing, if we don't control it, will inevitably emerge one after another in the future."

After saying that, Li Mu said again, "Let me tell you a story. In a certain university in the United States, there were dozens of students from Hua Xia. Because they missed the taste of their hometown, some of them suddenly decided to start making all kinds of domestic food and then sell it to other students who were also from Hua Xia and also missed the taste of their hometown.

However, it didn't take long for them to completely fall through. Even these students were directly repatriated because they did not have the food business license. They usually only did business with the Chinese people in the university, but not long after, they were discovered and arrested by the police. Do you know why? "

Li Ziwei gently shook her head.

Li Mu said, "This is because they were reported, and the person who reported them was the owner of a Chinese restaurant near this university. He felt that this group of students privately bought Hua Xia food and affected his restaurant's business."

"Ah?

Why is he so selfish … "Li Ziwei was surprised when she heard that.

Li Mu smiled and said, "This is nothing. The most selfish thing is that he knew that these students did not have the documents, knew that once they were reported, they would be arrested, and knew that after being arrested, they would most likely face deportation, and they would not be allowed to enter the country. But he still called the police, and then all of these 20 to 30 students were deported, and their studies were also ruined."

Li Ziwei was silent for a moment, then said, "Actually, if we really lay it out, the person who reported them did not do anything wrong. After all, he followed the local law, but his way of doing things is too disappointing for the Chinese people."

"That's right!"

Li Mu nodded and said, "This is the sense of nationality that I'm talking about. Personally, I think that everyone should have a sense of nationality, whether it is at home or abroad. In this way, the Chinese people overseas can really be united. But look at us, whether it is at home or abroad, we are just harming our own people. We are simply a pile of loose sand."

Speaking of this, Li Mu said again, "If the proportion of the sense of nationality among the Chinese people can increase, then the degree of unity and social status of the Chinese people overseas will definitely be higher than now!"

Li Ziwei agreed and said, "You are right, we like harming our own people too much."