Chapter 36

When Li Mu and Zhao Kang boarded the train, the sky was just getting brighter.

Sitting on the train, Li Mu could see the excitement and excitement in Zhao Kang's eyes.

Not to mention Zhao Kang, even Li Mu, who had lived two lives, couldn't help but feel excited. 800,000 yuan! 800,000 yuan was a huge amount of money that ordinary people couldn't even dream of.

Zhao Kang was still in a frenzy for his new phone. He took it out and played with it as soon as he sat down.

"What did you tell your parents?"

Zhao Kang's interest was piqued when he heard this question.

"Nothing. I just told them my phone number and told them to call me if they need anything. They asked me where I got it from, but I didn't answer."

"Awesome …" Li Mu gave a thumbs up.

Zhao Kang shook his head and smiled bitterly, "If it weren't for my parents being too strict and not respecting my wishes, I would have told them everything."

"Also, I don't have the right to buy my own clothes. My mom buys them for me, or she takes me to buy them. She doesn't like the clothes that I like. She doesn't care about the style, only the price and quality. That's why she always dresses me like an old man …"

As he said this, Zhao Kang sighed, "Didn't I give them a heads-up before? I said that I wouldn't be able to pass the third-tier university this year. These two days, they have been discussing about retaking the school. They didn't talk to me at all. They were discussing if they could find someone they knew in No.1 Middle School. They wanted me to enter the freshmen class. They said that the teachers in the repeaters class are too easy to deal with. The freshmen teachers are different. They have the pressure of getting into a higher school …"

"Tell me, if you were them, what would you do?"

"You … Don't be too confrontational with them."

Of course, Li Mu understood Zhao Kang's situation. Otherwise, he wouldn't have suddenly run away from home in his previous life. In fact, it was all forced out bit by bit.

Zhao Kang said, "I've already thought about it. Anyway, after the Stoneware Overlord is sold, you will definitely tell the truth to Uncle Li and Aunt Xiao. At that time, I will also tell the truth. I will say that I can make a lot of money by following you, so I must go to Yanjing with you. If I have to repeat my studies, then I won't have the chance to follow you to make money."

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's okay to tell the truth. But if your parents accept it, only our two families will know about it. Don't tell anyone else."

"Don't worry." Zhao Kang immediately said, "I know what to do."

The train moved slowly all the way. Both of them were a little impatient. Their hearts had already flown to Pengcheng in the north, and Li Mu missed the era of high-speed rail in his previous life. For a journey like this, it would only take more than an hour to finish.

At 10: 15, the train arrived at the station ten minutes late. The first thing Li Mu and Zhao Kang did after exiting the station was to hail a taxi and ask the driver to take them to the largest construction bank in Pengcheng.

Construction Bank, Pengcheng branch.

Li Mu and Zhao Kang each opened a bank card in the bank.

After coming out of the bank, Li Mu bought a local mobile phone card at a nearby newsstand and put it into his Nokia.

Back at the bank, Li Mu carefully pointed at the waiting area in the bank and said to Zhao Kang, "Before the transaction, I have to show them the program and code on the computer. I'm most afraid of problems at this stage. If the other party runs away with the computer, then we will have nothing. So, it should be safer to choose the bank. After they confirm that there is no problem with the program, they can directly transfer the money inside. After the transfer, let them take the disc and leave. We should also leave quickly."

"Okay." Zhao Kang nodded and said to Li Mu, "Then I won't expose myself. I'll guard the door."

"Okay."

Li Mu thought that this was good. Although it was not necessarily a problem, if there was a problem, he still had a backup plan. It was 800,000 yuan. It was better to be cautious!

With a confident look, Zhao Kang patted his chest and said, "I have good physical strength. They can't run faster than me with the computer."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's right. You run faster than a dog."

Then, Li Mu said to Zhao Kang, "Then I'll go to the bank and sit down. You find a place at the door to keep an eye on them."

"Okay."

Li Mu called Sun Peng. Sun Peng had been there for a few hours. He found a place to have breakfast with his partner and then waited for Li Mu to contact him.

Sun Peng saw the caller ID. These days, cell phone numbers were very simple. 13X, followed by the area code, and then four ending numbers. Before he came, he read a little information about Pengcheng. At a glance, he knew it was a local in Pengcheng.

Since it was a local number, naturally, it was the "Never Give Up" number.

"Hello."

"Hello."

For the first time, the two of them communicated with their voices on the phone.

"Where are you?" Li Mu had gone through puberty, so his voice was no longer immature.

"We are at a breakfast shop on Qinglong Road."

Li Mu said, "You take a taxi to the Pengcheng Head Office of the Construction Bank. I will wait for you here."

When Sun Peng heard it, he was asked to go to the bank directly?

He immediately said, "This can't be done. We haven't seen the program yet."

Li Mu said faintly, "Come here quickly. Look at the program and code in the bank. If we do it quickly, I can still go home for lunch."

Li Mu's idea was very simple. Let the other party mistakenly think that he was a local tyrant. Not only could he avoid some future troubles, but if the other party had any bad ideas during the transaction, he would also have to think about it.

When Sun Peng heard this, he didn't think much about it. In addition, the mobile phone number was a local, so he directly thought that the seller was a local.

Moreover, he didn't dare to be rash. He was still faintly afraid that Li Mu would take advantage of the local tyrant to cheat him. For this transaction, Li Mu brought a software that was the result of a few days of labor. Sun Peng brought all of his assets, so he was more worried about the situation than Li Mu.

When Sun Peng and his partners came to the bank, they recognized Li Mu at a glance.

The reason was very simple. Although there were many people in the rest area, only Li Mu had a laptop on his legs.

Fortunately, Li Mu had shaved and his hairstyle was a bit pretentious, so he didn't look too old. People who were eighteen years old would see him as someone of the same age, and it was the same for people in their early twenties.

"Hello, buddy. I am Sun Peng, the Great Peng."

Sun Peng sat opposite Li Mu and extended his hand.

Li Mu nodded and shook hands with him. He looked at the man next to him and asked curiously, "How do I address you?"

That person also extended his hand. "Hello, my name is Zhu Ziwen, Sun Peng's partner."

Li Mu also shook hands with him, then passed the computer to Sun Peng. "Take a look. The official version and source code are inside."

The so-called official version was to remove the restriction of the trial period. As for the part of the payment verification, they needed to do it themselves. This was very simple for people like them who had been operating commercial cheats for a long time.

Sun Peng took the computer from Li Mu and thought to himself, If only I had the ability to teleport. After all, this is 800,000 yuan …

However, it was just a thought.

Very soon, Sun Peng roughly looked at the software and source code. Li Mu was very sneaky. He only let him look at it for five minutes and then asked, "How is it? There are no problems, right?"

Although he only looked at a little, Sun Peng, after all, was a programmer. He knew that this thing couldn't be fake. However, the code was very complicated. Once there was something beyond one's ability, it would be difficult to understand if one didn't learn it. Therefore, it could be said that he didn't gain anything in five minutes. Moreover, Li Mu could be sure that within two or three years, he wouldn't be able to understand his own thing, although these codes were very superficial to him.

"No problem." Sun Peng nodded. When he returned the computer, his hands were trembling from nervousness.

Although there were no problems with the software and code, he was still worried. He was worried that Li Mu would go back on his word.

After all, a single decision cost 800,000 yuan. Now that it was in front of him, he felt a great deal of pressure.

Li Mu saw his worry and smiled. "I won't touch the 'Stone Age' game anymore, but I can't guarantee that I will follow up with other games. Therefore, I can't guarantee you anything else, but you can rest assured that you can buy 'Stone Age Overlord'. If I develop a plug-in for other games in the future, I can consider working with you."

"Really?" Sun Peng's worry was greatly alleviated.

"It's just a consideration. I have the ability to write code, but I might not be able to do sales better than you guys." Li Mu didn't want to make an empty promise, so he was a little more conservative.

"Alright!"

Sun Peng wasn't worried anymore. Both of them were in the plug-in business. They might meet again in other games. He might not be able to beat you with a plug-in, but if he could work with you in the future, there would definitely be other business opportunities. Sun Peng firmly believed that the online gaming market was only a small window. The space inside would be unimaginable in the future.

What happened next was much simpler. Li Mu took out the CD from the computer. He didn't rush to pass it to Sun Peng immediately. Instead, he let Sun Peng fill out the transfer bill with him.

Sun Peng didn't say anything, and the two filled out the transfer bill together. Sun Peng only knew that the young man who traded with him was called Li Mu, from Pengcheng. He also had his phone number. However, he didn't expect that other than the name, everything else was fake.

After filling out the transfer bill, the two went to the counter together. Li Mu personally watched the bank teller transfer 800,000 yuan from Sun Peng's card to his own account.

After the receipt was printed out, Sun Peng didn't immediately pass it to the teller. Instead, he let Li Mu take a look at it before passing it to the teller.

Then, the teller gave him a certificate.

Okay, the dust had settled.

Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief in his heart, but he didn't show it on his face.

He was already in his thirties, and he still had this bit of maturity and shrewdness.

Sun Peng's face turned pale, as if everything had been sucked out of him. Although he also knew that Li Mu wouldn't lie to him, this was still the foundation of both of them!

He looked at Li Mu again. His expression didn't change, and his heart didn't jump. His face was full of calmness.