Chapter 440

Li Mu also knew that it was not easy to kill a competitor because no one would sit still and wait for death in a competition.

In the first few days, QQ, which had been smooth sailing and had monopolized the domestic instant messaging market, had not recovered. Once they recovered, they would definitely do everything they could to fight back. What's more, they had capital behind them. In order to ensure that their money was not wasted, the capital would definitely come out at the critical moment to fight back. Sure enough, it only took a week for MIH Group to come out with provisions, ammunition, and a knife to cut off Teng Xun's flesh in the future.

MIH's interference suddenly reminded Boss Ma of the idea he had a flash of inspiration a few months ago.

At that time, he was in a superior position in the competition with Makino Technology. Therefore, at that time, he only thought of taking down Makino Technology, snatching its two core products, and then slowly developing the product concept of the QQ Gaming Hall. However, he did not expect that the battle between QQ Fishery and Happy Farm had consumed a lot of his manpower, material resources, and energy. Most importantly, the energy of the development team. As a result, the project had not been launched. Moreover, he had been hammered by Makino Technology recently, so he had not thought of this idea.

After being reminded by Guo Haiming, Boss Ma immediately realized that the idea of imitating the Lianzhong Gaming Hall was very likely to be the key to QQ's reversal of the situation.

Immediately, the somewhat excited Boss Ma swept away the haze and excitedly told Dean about his idea of the Gaming Hall.

Dean was very excited after listening. He was very familiar with the development trend of Alliance in the country. He knew that chess and card games were very popular in the country and had a very strong user stickiness. He also knew that there was a huge business opportunity in this. After listening to Boss Ma's words, he also realized how awesome it would be if QQ could integrate a gaming hall.

The biggest problem of Lianzhong was that it was a single platform. However, QQ was different. It was a large platform with over a hundred million users. The number of users was huge, and the users had a wide network. On this basis, QQ added a new element to the game lobby compared to Lianzhong: social interaction.

Dean was an investment guru and had a deep understanding of the Internet. After thinking about it carefully, he felt that this platform had great potential. He could not help but give Boss Ma a thumbs up. "Boss Ma, this product concept is really great. Even if we can't rely on it to defeat YY, we can at least rely on it to ensure a place for QQ!"

Boss Ma thought so too. He said to Guo Haiming, "Inform all the technical staff to brainstorm tonight. We must sort out the product logic and requirements of the game hall in the shortest time possible!"

Guo Haiming was also very excited. He immediately nodded, stood up and said, "I'll go inform them now!"

After Guo Haiming left, Boss Ma sat back in his chair and said to Dean, "I will transfer most of the technical development team to speed up the development of the game hall. At the same time, we will continue to imitate YY's group function and cartoon show. When that time comes, our QQ group will allow all users to create a large group of 500 people for free!

The cartoon show will also be promoted at the lowest discount. Together with the game hall, QQ will definitely be able to take back the initiative! "

Dean nodded repeatedly and said solemnly, "I believe in you, Boss Ma. Under your leadership, QQ will definitely be able to turn defeat into victory!"

…

Ning Hao, who had not contacted for a few days, suddenly gave Li Mu a call. He said that he had written a script and was ready to show it to Li Mu.

Li Mu readily agreed and invited him out to have dinner with him.

At the dinner table, Li Mu received the script that Ning Hao had stapled. When he saw the three big words printed in black on the cover, "Thief among Thieves."

Li Mu curiously looked at the first page and was surprised to find that this thief among thieves was Ning Hao's future famous work. It was also the pinnacle of domestic comedy movies — "Crazy Stone."

Li Mu's expression did not change, but the more he read, the more surprised he was. The entire story structure of the script was almost the same as "Crazy Stone," which was released in 2006. The only difference was that some of the storyboard descriptions were slightly different from the movie "Crazy Stone."

Li Mu used half an hour to finish reading the script. At this time, Ning Hao looked at Li Mu nervously and closed the script with him. Only then did he impatiently ask, "Boss, what do you think?"

Li Mu did not answer directly. Instead, he asked him, "When did you come up with this idea?"

Ning Hao said, "I actually had this idea since 2000. To be honest, I was covered by Ricky's' Two Smoking Pipes' and 'Stolen and Abducted.'

It was because of Ricky's' Two Smoking Pipes' and 'Stolen, Snatched, Abducted' that I came up with this story, but I didn't have the time to write it down. Didn't you promise me to invest in a movie this year? That's why I've been working on it recently. "

Li Mu nodded. In his heart, he admired Ning Hao even more.

In the future, there would be countless directors who would come up with a bullsh * t idea and immediately make it into a movie. In the end, the movie would be so terrible that it could not be called a movie at all. A real good director would have a story, a scene, or even a story in his head for many years. He would only make it after he was very familiar with everything. The movie made by such a director would naturally be called a masterpiece.

Li Mu asked again, "Why is it called 'Thief among Thieves'?"

Ning Hao scratched his head. "Isn't it because I want to borrow some of the light from 'Mission Impossible' …"

Li Mu nodded and smiled, but he was thinking in his heart. In fact, he had envisioned Ning Hao and his' Crazy Stone 'before. Based on Li Mu's previous mentality, he did not want Ning Hao to film' Crazy Stone 'so early, because he was worried that Ning Hao was not mature enough. He was also worried that Huang Bo, the future five-billion-dollar movie king, was not mature enough. However, from the script, Ning Hao was very familiar with the overall structure of' Crazy Stone '. He should have been prepared for it a long time ago. As for Huang Bo, if his acting skills were not good enough, he could be trained. This was not very important.

Therefore, Li Mu finally said his opinion of the script. "The script is very good. The dark humor is handled very well, Ricky's style.

Moreover, you have successfully localized this style. I think this movie can be filmed. "

"Really?" Ning Hao asked excitedly. "Can it really be filmed?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "It's definitely not a problem. Tell me how much your budget is first."

Ning Hao instinctively wanted to say two or three million, but considering that his boss was super rich, he plucked up his courage and stretched out five fingers. He stammered, "Five … five million …"

Li Mu waved his hand. "Such a good script, how can five million be enough? Let's tentatively set it at twenty million!"

"Twenty … million …" Ning Hao's hand trembled and knocked over the beer glass in front of him. The beer spilled on him, but he did not care. He stared at Li Mu and asked, "Boss, are you kidding me?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Of course not. The budget is twenty million, and at the same time, there is room to increase it to thirty million."

Ning Hao said with some fear, "Boss, the idea of this movie does not need such a high budget … a small production is enough …"

Li Mu smiled and said generously, "Of the twenty million, ten million is the salary of a king actor."

Ning Hao was so scared that he waved his hand. "No need, no need. This kind of low-budget dark comedy doesn't need a king actor …"

Li Mu waved his hand. "It must have an A-list actor to have a box office appeal. This is the market demand, unless you don't want to make money."

Although Crazy Stone was a dark horse in the box office in 2006, it only grossed 23 million. In the same year, Curse of the Golden Flower grossed nearly 300 million, Dinner Banquet grossed 130 million, and Huo Yuanjia grossed 100 million. Compared to them, Crazy Stone could only be ranked in the 20th place in the box office.

If Li Mu remembered correctly, the media praised Crazy Stone at that time, and even the Central Television News mentioned this low-budget comedy movie by name. But even so, its box office was only 2,300 yuan. The reason was actually very simple: the director and the actors were not famous.

The box office of a domestic movie was closely related to the director and the cast. If the director and the actors were not famous, no matter how good the movie was, like "Crazy Stone", the famous director and the actors would still have a market guarantee no matter how bad the movie was. This was the fan effect.

If Crazy Stone was released in 2015 or 2016 with the same cast, the box office might not be less than two billion. But in 2006, it only grossed 23 million, and it only reached this height under the premise of increasing the number of fans. So, Li Mu did not want him to repeat the mistakes of the past. If he wanted to do it, he would do it big.

On the contrary, Ning Hao felt a little unconfident because of Li Mu's promise of 20 to 30 million. He said, "To be honest, I don't think any of the roles in this movie are suitable for an A-list star. Because they are all very down-to-earth roles, so..."

Li Mu laughed and said, "I think the international thief from Hong Kong is very suitable to play the role of an A-list actor from Hong Kong. For example, Liu Dehua. If he plays the role, he doesn't even need dubbing. He can just use his Hong Kong-style Mandarin accent and perfectly fit the needs of the character in the script."

Ning Hao wiped his sweat and said, "Actually, I also wanted to arrange for a Hong Kong actor to play this role. But I think a has-been Hong Kong actor is enough..."

Li Mu waved his hand and said seriously, "You can't think of it like this. If we look at the character itself, it is true that we don't need to use a superstar for every role. But if we consider the market, we must have enough eye-catching actors."