Chapter 1788

After Hungry Man's merchants submitted to the platform, Bull Take-Out's days became even worse.

The most direct impact was that after Li Mu let the merchants bear 50% of the subsidy, the overall subsidy was increased. Now, the discount had exceeded that of Bull Take-Out.

Even with the same discount, Hungry Man's operating costs were lower, which made Bull Take-Out unable to catch up.

In addition, Hungry Man's delivery ability was getting stronger and stronger. Bull Take-Out was unable to break out of that terrible cycle. More and more Bull Take-Out delivery people chose to join Hungry Man's camp after knowing the gap between Bull Take-Out and Hungry Man.

What Li Mu wanted was very simple. He wanted to ensure that Bull Take-Out's delivery ability could not be improved.

Therefore, as long as Bull Take-Out recruited people, Hungry Man would poach them.

Even if they poached Hungry Man's delivery ability, it did not matter. Shanghai was very big, and Hungry Man could invest the poached riders in other areas of Shanghai.

Lu Yunhao was at his wit's end in the current situation, but IDG was still urging him to find a way out of the situation as soon as possible and see how to break out of the encirclement.

However, the current situation was far beyond Lu Yunhao's ability. He had no way to control the current situation.

IDG was feeling more and more desperate.

However, they had already invested 20 million US dollars with other Wall Street bigwigs. It would be too frustrating for them to give up now.

However, if Bull Take-Out wanted to continue to develop, they needed a lot of funds to break out of this situation.

For example, how could they break out of the shackles that Li Mu had placed on Bull Take-Out?

After a meeting with the Bull Take-Out team, IDG's representative found many solutions.

First, they could develop their own lithium-ion battery electric vehicles and mass-produce them. This cost was high, the cycle was long, and the results were slow. However, once it was achieved, they could solve the current Bull Take-Out delivery problem once and for all.

Second, they could hire people with legal motorcycle license plates in Shanghai to deliver meals to Bull Take-Out. They could also rent their motorcycles from these people at a high price. However, at this stage, people with legal motorcycles in Shanghai were not short of money. Therefore, if they wanted to impress them, the cost would be very high.

Third, invest in a large number of bicyclists and increase the number of bicyclists to 8,000. Once there are 8,000 bicyclists in Shanghai's downtown area, at least 40,000 orders can be received in one hour during peak dining hours. This way, they can basically break the shackles of being hungry.

However, all three solutions required a large amount of funds, especially the second and third solutions.

However, for IDG and the other capitals on Wall Street, this was not the time to cut their losses and withdraw. If that happened, they would lose face. The key was that all the money they had spent would be wasted.

At the thought of how Li Mu dissed the entire Wall Street alone, these big shots in the capital circle gritted their teeth and decided to work harder. They had to break through Li Mu's shackles no matter what, and then compete with Li Mu for market share.

Therefore, IDG and the Wall Street capitalists decided to immediately invest 20 million USD in Bull Takeout. This 20 million USD would be used at least 10 million USD in the second and third solutions. Then, another 1 million USD would be used to develop lithium battery technology suitable for electric vehicles.

10 million USD was around 82 million RMB. Once this amount of money was used, it would be easy to solve the problem of motorcycles and bicycles.

Lu Yunhao originally wanted to communicate directly with the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and ask them to solve at least 2,000 motorcycles in the name of foreign companies investing in Shanghai. However, when the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee thought about how Li Mu was also increasing his investment in Shanghai, they thought about it and rejected Lu Yunhao's request.

Everyone knew that Bull Takeout had taken Wall Street's money to go against Li Mu. Wall Street had already offended Li Mu because of their greed for profits. Now, the food delivery business was one of the battlefields between the two parties. At this time, the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee could not choose a side. If they wanted to choose a side, they had to choose the side of the local companies. They could not give any advantages to foreign companies.

Lu Yunhao's plan to find support from the Municipal Party Committee was met with a wall. Then, he immediately asked the underground marketing team to recruit the owners of legal motorcycles in Shanghai to join Bull Takeout's food delivery team. The motorcycle owners who brought their own motorcycles could get a base salary of 5,000 RMB.

5,000 RMB was already a relatively high income in Shanghai. However, for most of the legal motorcycle owners, this income was not enough for them to work full-time.

Hence, Lu Yunhao only managed to recruit about three hundred motorcycle riders on this road.

However, the delivery time of 300 motorcycle riders had brought about a huge change.

First of all, these motorcycle riders did not need to worry about the running distance. They did not need to invest a lot of time and energy into the running distance. Even an ordinary 125 motorcycle could run more than 200 to 300 kilometers with a full tank. The running distance was almost ten times that of a lead-acid electric car. Also, the refueling time was too short. It was all done in a few minutes, and the running distance went from zero to 100%. This was a speed that electric cars would not be able to achieve in the next few decades or even centuries.

Secondly, Lu Yunhao wanted these riders to run faster. He gave them higher rewards. If a motorcycle rider ran for eight hours a day, his daily income would be more than 300 RMB.

This was really impressive. In this day and age, one could earn more than 10,000 RMB a month if they worked hard. This was definitely a very high income standard.

At the same time, the motorcycle rental business also made some progress.

They rented more than 200 different motorcycles at a price that was more than double the market price.

After that, they found more than two hundred riders who knew how to ride motorcycles from the team and directly upgraded them to motorcycle riders.

The 500 motorcycle riders made a huge step forward in Bull Takeout.

However, behind the efficient delivery of these 500 motorcycle riders was their high salary cost, the cost of using the vehicles, and the high cost of the order subsidies.

It could be said that these 500 motorcycles were equivalent to helping Bull Takeout throw money at them.

The motorcycle engines were not burning gasoline, but a large amount of RMB.

Fortunately, IDG and Wall Street Capital were willing to burn it again. They thought that no matter what, they had to burn it to the end. Otherwise, if they were blocked by Li Mu in the delivery phase, Bull Takeout would soon enter a stage of death.

At the same time, Bull Takeout seemed to be suffering from insufficient firepower. They were not satisfied with the 500 motorcycle riders. They planned to add another 5,000 to compete with Hungry Man.

The person in charge of Hungry Man in Shanghai felt the enemy's fierce attack and immediately asked Li Mu what to do next.

Li Mu analyzed Lu Yunhao's big move.

He felt that he was very clear about Lu Yunhao's character. To sum it up, he boasted too much and thought too little.

In other words, this person had no vision and was timid.

It was definitely not something that Lu Yunhao would do to let such a person put all his eggs in one basket and invest so much money at once.

From this, it could be seen that he must have the full support of Wall Street.

However, Li Mu was also very clear about Wall Street's situation.

Wall Street's investment could be understood as mining.

If a project was really good, they would invest all the way until the mine that was hundreds of meters deep was built and the mineral could be mined. Then, they would enjoy the harvest.

If the project was not that good, they would first invest their own money to dig a section of the mine. They would dig tens or hundreds of meters and then attract other people to invest.

When other people invested in the mine and the mine was dug deeper, they might have already earned enough money and quietly left the unbuilt mine.

As for those who came in later, they could only choose to continue digging until someone else came in to take over the mine. They could also continue digging until they did not find anything or the mine collapsed.

Li Mu believed that Bull Takeout was the second type of project for Wall Street.

They also did not believe that they could compete with him by supporting Lu Yunhao. What they wanted was nothing more than to get a good start first, then use this good start to trick more investors into coming in, and then gradually withdraw when they had earned enough money.

This was the best situation for Wall Street.

Imagine investing tens of millions of US dollars, then continuously diluting their own shares as the valuation continued to increase. In the end, tens of millions of US dollars became hundreds of millions of US dollars. Not only did they get several times the profit, but they also created Bull Takeout step by step to disgust Wall Street. This was killing two birds with one stone for Wall Street.

However, if Bull Takeout did not get a good start and was continuously suppressed by him, this group of Wall Street big shots would probably start to consider stopping their losses.

After understanding this, Li Mu felt that if he could suppress Bull Takeout's wave of momentum, it was very likely that he would touch Wall Street's stop point and make them give up halfway.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to take a multi-pronged approach.

First, immediately send a notice to all merchants in Shanghai that Hungry Man would investigate the platform. Any merchant that entered Hungry Man, once they found out that Bull Takeout had entered at the same time, would directly stop their store from accepting orders.

Secondly, he would immediately send a notice to all the users in the area covered by Niu Mai that he would be receiving YY coins for consecutive orders. From that day onwards, users who placed orders from Niu Mai would receive 10 YY coins for three consecutive days, 20 YY coins for five consecutive days, and 50 YY coins for ten consecutive days.

YY coins were virtual currencies. For Makino Technology, there was basically no actual cost. However, of course, there were also negative effects. If too many YY coins were given away, it would naturally affect the original top-up amount of YY coins.

However, what Li Mu considered was that most of these users who stared at the discounts on the takeout platform every day were very sensitive to money. These National People's Congress probably did not top-up YY coins.

In this case, the actual impact of giving away YY coins would be smaller.

For example, out of ten thousand users who received ten YY coins, nine thousand of them did not plan to top-up YY coins at all. Therefore, the real impact would be the amount that the one thousand people originally planned to top-up. Therefore, the impact would be very small.

This YY coin had a wide range of uses for users. It could be used to buy YY membership, buy YY cartoon shows, decorate the YY space, or even play interactive social games such as Farm, Plants vs. Zombies, or go to the YY gaming platform and exchange it for Happy Bean to play chess and cards. In short, there were many uses for it.

The key was that this thing could not be reflected, so even if it was given to the users, the users could only use it for consumption.

Although virtual coins did not seem to be real money, they were extremely attractive to users. Even if they were not worth the corresponding RMB in the eyes of the users, they were worth at least 60 to 70%, which was enough.