Chapter 156

Yu Xingjie had been in the National People's Congress for more than two years, and his life had been very depressing.

There were many reasons for his depressing life. His studies, life, and relationships were not going well for him. But in the end, there was only one reason: lack of money.

His family's financial situation was quite poor. His monthly living expenses were less than 200 RMB. But the average living expenses of the National People's Congress were higher than his living expenses. Among the six of them in the dormitory, his living expenses were the least.

When he first entered university, mobile phones were still very rare. Most of the students did not have one, and he did not feel anything. But when he was in his second year, mobile phones became more and more popular. By the time he was in his third year, most of the students had a mobile phone.

Mobile phones were not expensive now. One could buy a Nokia mobile phone for slightly more than 1,000 RMB. If he bought a domestic mobile phone, it would be cheaper. But even if it was a second-rate mobile phone that only cost 500 RMB, Yu Xingjie could not afford it. He once wanted to save up for half a year to buy a second-rate mobile phone. But after asking his dormitory mates who had mobile phones, he found out that the most troublesome thing about mobile phones was the cost.

He needed money to answer calls, make calls, and send messages. When he was out of Beijing, he still needed to pay for roaming calls. It would cost dozens of RMB a month. It was even more horrifying for those who were in a relationship. It was common for the phone bill to exceed 100 RMB.

From then on, Yu Xingjie sadly discovered that he couldn't afford to buy or use a mobile phone. His limited living expenses had to be used to fill his stomach. His family's financial situation couldn't support a luxury like a mobile phone in his life.

But he did not expect that Hu Zhengdao could use a mobile phone less than two months after starting university.

This made him feel very unbalanced. We all came from the same place. Why did he not have a mobile phone when he was in his third year, but Hu Zhengdao could use one when he just arrived?

Where did you get the money from?

Is there such a big difference between your family and mine?

He was narrow-minded and could not accept that others were better than him. In other words, he could accept that strangers were better than him, but he could not accept that his classmates and fellow townsman were better than him. This kind of abnormal jealousy made him extremely angry when he saw Hu Zhengdao using a Nokia.

However, he didn't expect that the first time he ate with Li Mu, Li Mu would take out a high-end Ericsson T39MC and sincerely ask him if he wanted to use it. This made him unable to react.

Li Mu's idea was very simple. He was also inspired by Song Liang. Compared to people like Zhang Qing, his biggest advantage was that he was far richer. In that case, why not solve the problem with money?

Simple, brutal, and worry-free.

In Yu Xingjie's eyes, there was a burning desire for the mobile phone. Li Mu threw this temptation to him. He could give the phone to him. Three thousand yuan was nothing, but he had to prove his value and bring him the information he wanted. As long as he could do that, not to mention the phone, it was worth it to take out another one or two thousand yuan in cash to get rid of him.

Yu Xingjie was not a fool. Li Mu would not give him a mobile phone for no reason. So he asked tentatively, "You can't give me this mobile phone for free, right?"

Li Mu was stunned. "What a man blinded by greed. He didn't even say a polite word and was ready to ask me to state the conditions."

Since Yu Xingjie could not wait, Li Mu did not want to beat around the bush. He put the mobile phone aside and asked, "How is your relationship with Zhang Qing?"

Yu Xingjie suddenly realized that it was because of Zhang Qing, so he said, "We're classmates, and our dorms are next to each other. Although my relationship with him isn't as close as that of the swimming team, it's not bad."

Li Mu nodded. "I want to know Zhang Qing's recent actions, especially those related to me. If you can find out why he still wants to make things difficult for me, this mobile phone is yours."

Yu Xingjie stared at Li Mu and asked seriously, "You are not joking, right?"

"Of course not."

Li Mu said, took out his wallet, took out a thousand yuan and handed it to Yu Xingjie. "This thousand yuan is the deposit. If it is done, you can have the phone. You don't have to refund the money."

Yu Xingjie's eyebrows twitched involuntarily. He asked, "What if it is not done?"

Li Mu snorted. "If it is not done, you don't have to refund the money. Just treat it as making friends. But if friends play tricks with each other, then we are enemies."

Yu Xingjie nodded immediately.

He knew that Li Mu was not an ordinary person. Not only did he beat up Zhang Qing and a few others, but he was also the one who created 3321, which was very popular among the students. Many people said that he was very good, and so was 3321. Yu Xingjie also went to look at 3321. He had to admit that 3321's model was an eye-opener. Unfortunately, 3321 focused on connecting freshmen and high school students. So although he also registered an account with 3321, he guessed that the chances of him being hired were not high.

Looking at Zhang Qing, Yu Xingjie couldn't help but frown.

Zhang Qing was similar to him. He was an ordinary university student with nothing. His grades were terrible, and he had failed more than half of his courses. If it was not for the good results of the swimming team, he would not have been able to enter the National People's Congress. Even if he had entered, he would have been kicked out in his second year.

Zhang Qing did not have money, and he did not have any connections. He was just a few buddies from the swimming team. What the hell could he do?

If fighting wasn't of any use, it would be even more useless if something happened.

Comparing Li Mu and Zhang Qing, Yu Xingjie almost immediately made his choice.

He reached out and put away the thousand yuan Li Mu handed over, saying, "I'll definitely find a way to get to the bottom of this matter for you, but I have a condition. Whether it succeeds or not, you can't reveal what happened today to anyone."

Li Mu nodded. "Don't worry, I won't let you get into trouble."

Yu Xingjie immediately said, "Then no problem. Wait for my news."

After eating, Yu Xingjie left with the excuse of being seen. After he decided to sacrifice Zhang Qing for his own benefit, he immediately became cautious. He was also afraid that if Zhang Qing found out, he would get revenge in the future.

After Yu Xingjie left, Hu Zhengdao said, "Li Mu, a person like Yu Xingjie would definitely be willing to help you with the one thousand yuan, not to mention a phone."

Li Mu smiled. "This kind of person is actually the easiest to deal with. He is greedy and cowardly. Once you feed him, he will do his best to help you. After it is done, he will not bother you anymore because he is scared to death. When the time comes, he will wish that he had never met you."

Hu Zhengdao nodded lightly. "Then let's wait and see what he can do."

…

Yu Xingjie took the one thousand yuan and returned to the dorm building excitedly. After he went upstairs, he did not return to his own dorm. Instead, he went straight to Zhang Qing's dorm. Zhang Qing was lying on the bed reading a wuxia novel. There were faint finger marks on his face. It was obvious that he was slapped not long ago.

"Xiao Qing."

After Yu Xingjie entered the room, he greeted Zhang Qing who was lying on the bed. Zhang Qing saw that it was Yu Xingjie and nodded slightly.

Yu Xingjie came to Zhang Qing's lower berth and sat down beside him. He smiled and asked, "Have you eaten tonight?"

"Yes." Zhang Qing was engrossed in his book. In addition, he was not in a good mood, so he was not willing to chat with him.

Yu Xingjie put his hand in his pocket and touched the stack of one thousand yuan notes. He secretly clenched his teeth and said, "Do you want to go out and eat?

It's my treat. Let's eat crayfish. "

Zhang Qing put the book in front of his chest and asked with a frown, "Are you kidding? Eat crayfish?

A meal for two people will cost more than one hundred yuan. "

"So be it." Yu Xingjie was a little angry. He cursed Zhang Qing in his heart. What did he mean by that?

So what if I can't afford a meal of more than one hundred yuan?

Yu Xingjie also had money in his pocket. He took out the money and shook it in front of Zhang Qing. "Here, you make it sound like we don't have money. If you want to eat, we will eat the same as two hundred yuan. Just tell me, are you going or not?"

"F * ck!" Zhang Qing suddenly sat up. "Xingjie, are you rich?

Where did you get so much money? "

Zhang Qing knew Yu Xingjie's situation very well. With his financial condition, one thousand yuan was almost half a year's living expenses. How could he suddenly take out so much money?

He must have found some way to earn money.

Yu Xingjie was smart enough to keep Zhang Qing in suspense. "Don't worry about how I got it. I am asking you now, are you going to eat or not? If you are, then get up. If not, I will go back to the dormitory."

"Go go go!"

Zhang Qing laughed. "You are treating me to crayfish. It would be a waste if I don't go. I am not in a good mood. Do you want to drink with me?"

Yu Xingjie patted his chest. "Let's go. I will pay for how much you drink."

"Good!"

Zhang Qing immediately got up from the bed and took a jacket. Then, he followed Yu Xingjie out of the dormitory.

The large plate of crayfish that cost 138 RMB made Yu Xingjie feel a little heartache. It was the first time in his life that he ordered such an expensive dish in a restaurant. However, the spicy and fragrant taste was really satisfying. 138 RMB for a big plate was a lot. He and Zhang Qing started peeling the crayfish as soon as it was served. Unknowingly, they had eaten half of the plate. Their fingernails were hurting from the spiciness, but they were still enjoying it.

The table was soon filled with crayfish shells and beer bottles. Yu Xingjie was anxious to get the information that Li Mu wanted from Zhang Qing. Therefore, he relied on the fact that he grew up in the northwest and could hold his liquor well. Zhang Qing, who came from the south, was drunk with a few bottles of beer.

"Xingjie, you haven't told me how you got so much money.

If you have any way to earn money, you have to think of me! "

Zhang Qing drank a little too much, but his mind was still normal. He kept thinking about how Yu Xingjie earned money. Recently, there were no more competitions in the city and the whole country. They also did not have any prize money and competition allowance. Their lives were very tight.

Yu Xingjie poured a glass of beer for Zhang Qing and said with a smile, "Earning money is actually a small matter. The main thing is for us brothers to eat and drink happily, right?"