Chapter 1711

Hearing Wang Zhongyun say that he wanted to make a hundred million yuan, his wife was very excited. She even pointed to the empty seat next to Guan Yu and said, "Should we worship that Li Mu here?

After all, he is our God of Fortune … "

Wang Zhongyun immediately said seriously, "Don't talk nonsense!

Fortune is given by Guan Yu, and Li Mu is at best a Fortune Boy sent by Guan Yu. Why should we worship him?

I'll go to the temple and donate some incense money to thank Guan Yu for his blessings! "

While the couple was chatting, an old customer who had taken a lot of goods from him and had worked with him for many years called him. He said, "Old Wang, where are you?"

"I'm in the factory. What's the matter?" Wang Zhongyun asked.

The other party said, "Which factory? You have so many factories."

Wang Zhongyun frowned. "Why do you care which factory I'm in? Do you want to take the goods or what?"

The other party hurriedly said, "No, no, I was just asking. Of course, I want to take the goods. Recently, I opened a new market, and there is a lot of demand. Besides, your stickers can sell for a good price there."

Wang Zhongyun asked curiously, "What market?

Tell me. "

The other party said, "The Southeast Asian market, such as Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, and so on. The children there especially like panda bears, but they don't have them in China."

Wang Zhongyun asked curiously, "How can they not have them?

Doesn't anyone produce stickers? "

The other party said, "They are very strict. They don't dare to do anything without the copyright."

Wang Zhongyun said disdainfully, "What copyright?

Why do I need the copyright to print stickers?

If someone pays, I'll even dare to print the Jade Emperor. "

The other party said with a smile, "That's why they can only come to us. We will register a company and export your stickers to them as stationery. They will take it to China and declare it. With a proper customs record and source, their country will not check whether it is infringing on copyright."

"Register a company?"

Wang Zhongyun curled his lips. "I'd be crazy to register a company. Do you know how much money it costs to register a company?

I have to hire a financial officer, pay taxes, and buy insurance for my employees. "

"You know nothing."

The other party said, "As long as you export a sticker, you can buy one dollar over there. Do you know how much that is?

It's more than eight yuan. You're selling it for fifty cents now. If you register a company and sell it to Southeast Asia, it'll be at least one and a half yuan. Which one do you think is more cost-effective? "

Then, the other party said, "If you're interested, let's talk about cooperation. I'll register the company, and I'll connect with the Southeast Asian side. You don't have to worry about anything else. As long as you supply me with enough goods, I'll settle the bill with you at 1.5 yuan per piece. What do you think?"

When Wang Zhongyun heard this, he immediately beamed with joy. In other words, as long as he supplied the goods to him, he would be able to pay him three times the price. This was too tempting, and he couldn't refuse.

He immediately said, "Okay, then we'll do as you say."

The other said, "Then we have a few things to discuss in advance."

Wang Zhongyun hurriedly said, "Speak!"

"First, we can't mention this to anyone else. Otherwise, if someone gets the Southeast Asian channel first, they'll rob us of our source of income."

Wang Zhongyun hurriedly said, "Don't worry, don't worry, I definitely won't reveal it to anyone."

"Second, take some time to come to my place. The Southeast Asian distributor wants to meet the person in charge of the production side."

Wang Zhongyun's previous doubts disappeared because of the other party's promise. He hurriedly asked, "When will we meet?

You can arrange a time, I don't have a problem. "

The other party said, "Why don't you come to my house now? He'll be coming to my house to find me later. I'll introduce you two to each other."

"Okay." Wang Zhongyun immediately agreed and said, "Then I'll go over now."

Wang Zhongyun hung up the phone and said to his wife excitedly, "Money is coming. It's really unstoppable!"

His wife hurriedly asked, "What's wrong?"

Wang Zhongyun said, "Old Sun opened a Southeast Asian channel, and the price of goods can be tripled. This money is like picking up stones from the ground!"

"Really?" His wife immediately clapped excitedly and said, "We're really going to be rich this time!

It won't be long before we become billionaires! "

Wang Zhongyun nodded and said, "I have to hurry to Old Sun's house and meet with the distributor in Southeast Asia. If this matter can be done, I'll directly bring five more sets of equipment and produce at full speed!"

…

Just as Wang Zhongyun drove to the home of his old customer, his old customer, Sun Zhongbu, was at home facing a group of law enforcement officers, trembling in fear.

Early this morning, the legal staff of Makino Technology followed the law enforcement officers of the local industrial and commercial, tax, and public security departments to conduct a surprise raid to arrest Sun Zhongbu. After taking control of Sun Zhongbu, the law enforcement officers laid out the evidence in front of him.

He was suspected of selling more than 500,000 pirated panda bear stickers, and he was also suspected of selling more than 10,000 pirated panda bear dolls, stationery, etc. When the local law enforcement agencies investigated the local merchants who sold pirated goods, hundreds of sellers pointed the clues to Sun Zhongbu.

With hundreds of testimonies and related evidence, Sun Zhongbu was scared out of his wits. He never dreamed that selling these small goods would become illegal.

Not only was he suspected of selling pirated goods, but he was also suspected of operating illegally and evading taxes. Not only would he face the punishment of closing his stall, but he would also face the possibility of being prosecuted for violating the criminal law.

When Sun Zhongbu was in tears, the police officers gave him a chance to make a contribution. The police officers told him that selling goods was not the most serious link in the chain of piracy, but the most serious one was the producer. Therefore, if Sun Zhongbu could make a contribution and cooperate with the police to arrest the producer, his punishment could be reduced. If he made a big contribution, he might even be exempted from criminal punishment.

When Sun Zhongbu heard that he might be exempted from prison, he couldn't care about anything else. He immediately exposed the few producers that he had purchased goods from.

Among them, there were those who produced dolls, stationery, and other peripherals. There was also Wang Zhongyun who produced stickers.

The so-called "selling to Southeast Asia" excuse he used was provided by the legal department of Makino Technology. The legal department of Makino Technology believed that in order to lure the snake out of its hole, they must first ensure that there was bait that could lure the snake out. These pirates knew the situation in the domestic market better than anyone else, so they could use the Southeast Asian market, which they did not understand, as bait, to trick them into making more money.

First, let them take the bait, then tell them that this was a rare opportunity to make money, and remember not to leak it to others. After doing this, there was no need to worry that these targets would leak this information to other pirates. This way, they could turn them into a separate, closed loop that could be taken down one by one.

Now, there were so many illegal pirates around Yiwu that produced pirated goods around the panda bear. The one with the largest volume and the greatest influence was Wang Zhongyun.

This was because Wang Zhongyun's stickers were the most popular. Hundreds of thousands of stickers were sold every day, like snowflakes all over the country. Every day, Sun Zhongbu sold about thirty to forty thousand stickers.

The price of stickers was cheap, and it had a wide range of uses. That was why it was now one of the most popular types of pirated peripherals. This time, the joint law enforcement team's core target was the sticker manufacturers.

They hoped to first make the sticker production an ironclad case, and then use it as a warning to most pirates, to first let them know the seriousness of the problem, so that they would stop their infringement. Then, the public security department would slowly sort them out one by one.

The public security department was not worried that these pirates would escape, because long before they took action, the law enforcement agencies around the country had already begun to investigate from the terminal sellers.

First, they would find the infringing goods, then through them, they would find their previous owners, and finally, the main wholesaler of Yiwu's small commodity market. Then, from the main wholesaler, they would find the manufacturers that cooperated with them.

At this stage, commercial activities were basically done offline, so as long as they found the illegal goods in the terminal market, they would be able to trace them all the way to the machines and workers that produced the goods. Even if they escaped, they would still be found sooner or later.

The law enforcement agency summed up this set of procedures in ten words: First completely defeat, then arrest them one by one.

This time, Wang Zhongyun, who produced the pirated stickers, would be the first shot to completely defeat the pirates.

…

Wang Zhongyun and Sun Zhongbu had worked together for several years, so he was very familiar with his situation, so he drove directly to Sun Zhongbu's house in the suburbs of Yiwu.

Sun Zhongbu had been in the wholesale business in Yiwu for many years, so he had a wide network of upstream and downstream channels. These years, he had made more money than Wang Zhongyun, and he had long lived in a villa in Yiwu.

This was also why he was most worried about being punished later. To minimize his punishment, he could not care less about offending people. He could only quickly drag more people down with him, so that he would have a chance to step over their dead bodies to get out.

Wang Zhongyun parked the car in front of Sun Zhongbu's house and honked a few times. Every time he came, he would park his car in the courtyard of Sun Zhongbu's house. The courtyard of Sun Zhongbu's villa was very large, and it was not a problem to park three to five cars.

Sun Zhongbu's housekeeper ran all the way out and quickly opened the door. Wang Zhongyun drove directly into the courtyard, parked the car next to Wang Zhongyun's imported Benz, and then got out of the car and walked in.

As soon as he walked to the door, it was opened from the inside. Wang Zhongyun saw Sun Zhongbu opening the door, and was about to speak when a few policemen suddenly rushed out from both sides of the door. They directly grabbed him and pressed him to the ground, handcuffed his hands behind his back.

"What are you doing?!

Why are you arresting me?

What law did I break? "

Wang Zhongyun screamed in horror.

A policeman said, "You are suspected of producing and manufacturing pirated goods, infringing the legal copyright of Makino Technology, and have now been arrested by the Yiwu police. If you have anything to say, wait until you arrive at the station!"