Chapter 1059

Holding the national flag was a whim of Li Mu. Before this, he didn't think too much about his trip to Harvard. However, when he thought of the God of Racing, Senna, Li Mu was deeply inspired by him. It was not easy for him to receive such attention in a developed country. In such a public occasion, he should be like Senna and increase some positive exposure for his motherland.

Lawrence was particularly kind and enthusiastic to Li Mu. In the future, the young Mark Zuckerberg's deeds of building the Facebook empire would be regarded as a model for young people. Now, Mark Zuckerberg was just a college freshman. Li Mu was able to achieve such an achievement at the age of 20, which could be regarded as unparalleled in the world. So, Lawrence himself had a very high recognition of Li Mu.

After stepping into the academic affairs building, the two chatted along the way. Mark Zuckerberg, who was following behind, felt a little nervous. He felt that he shouldn't follow them anymore, because Li Mu was going to face a lot of media with the principal. At the same time, he would also be accompanied by the principal and other school leaders to visit the Harvard campus. If he followed them, it would be very abrupt and inappropriate.

However, Mark Zuckerberg really didn't want to give up this opportunity to get to know Li Mu.

On the way just now, although the two chatted a little, they didn't have a very deep conversation. Mark Zuckerberg really wanted to establish a certain personal contact with Li Mu. It would be best if they could exchange contact information, but he didn't say this at that time. After all, there were many school leaders in the car.

Now that he thought about it, Mark Zuckerberg felt quite regretful. If he had Li Mu's contact information in the future, he could consult him when he had a new product idea in the future. Maybe Li Mu could also give him some advice from a professional point of view. He might even directly become his angel investor.

Mark Zuckerberg's Jewish blood and genes gave him a very keen sense of business itself and an extremely dedicated pursuit. Although his facemash was aborted, his entrepreneurial dream and passion were not affected at all. He also realized that if he wanted to continue to start a business in the Internet field, Li Mu could be his greatest help and shortcut. It all depended on whether he could grasp it or not.

After thinking about it, Mark Zuckerberg decided to continue to follow Li Mu. Even if he had to follow him from afar without talking, he couldn't just leave with his tail between his legs. He hoped that he could wait for a suitable opportunity to talk to Li Mu alone.

At this time, when Li Mu was about to step into the press conference hall, Li Mu looked for Mark Zuckerberg. When he found this shy and nervous big boy following him from afar, and his expression was obviously worried about whether he could enter the venue smoothly, he stopped and shouted to Mark Zuckerberg, "Hey, Mark."

Mark Zuckerberg was indeed worried about whether he could enter the venue. Logically speaking, even if Li Mu did not expose his previous lie, his "mission" had been successfully completed. Li Mu's social status and attention were too high, so all of his activities in Harvard would naturally be accompanied by the school leaders. Mark Zuckerberg was just a freshman, and it was really a little embarrassing. If the staff did not allow him to enter, there was nothing he could do.

Mark Zuckerberg was indeed worried about whether he could enter the venue. Logically speaking, even if Li Mu did not expose his previous lie, his "mission" had been successfully completed by now. Li Mu's social status and the degree of attention he received were too high, so all of his activities in Harvard would naturally be accompanied by the school leaders. As a freshman, it was really a little embarrassing. If the staff did not allow him to enter, there was nothing he could do.

When Li Mu deliberately said to him in a very loud voice, "Hey, don't go, we can have dinner together tonight."

When Mark Zuckerberg heard this, he was so excited that he did not know what to say. He suddenly froze on the spot.

Seeing that Mark Zuckerberg was so excited that he could not speak, Li Mu said to David Allen, who was not far behind him and had come to the airport to pick him up, "David, please arrange for a staff member to help me take care of this little brother."

David Allen hurriedly nodded and said, "Don't worry, I will arrange it."

At this time, a Harvard Chinese female official who was accompanying them whispered to Li Mu in Mandarin, "Mr. Lee, President Lawrence and the important members of the school board have already arranged a dinner for you tonight. What do you think …"

Li Mu smiled at her and said, "This young man and I are quite congenial. If I include him at the dinner tonight, it won't cause any trouble for you, will it?"

The female official breathed a sigh of relief. She was not afraid that Li Mu would invite Mark Zuckerberg to dinner, but that Li Mu would only care about his own preferences and neglect the school leaders.

She also knew very well that with Li Mu's social status, assets, and financial resources, even if he did not give face to the Harvard leaders and did whatever he wanted, no one could do anything to him.

Fortunately, Li Mu did not intend to neglect the Harvard leaders. He just wanted to bring Mark Zuckerberg along. This made the female official completely relieved. This was nothing at all. In the words of Hua Xia, wasn't it just a matter of adding a pair of chopsticks?

It was too easy.

Li Mu had always known that although he did have some respect for Harvard, a world-renowned school with more than 300 years of history, he did not come all the way to Harvard to show his respect. 90% of his purpose was for Mark Zuckerberg. This shy boy with freckles on his face could bring him a huge net worth of more than 100 billion dollars in the future. Even Bill Gates was not worth more than 100 billion dollars at his peak.

Any other investor who invested in Facebook would not be able to achieve a net worth of 100 billion dollars. This was because a giant company like Facebook, from the angel round of financing to the listing, had been diluted too many times. Most investors could not guarantee the proportion of their shares. Even Mark Zuckerberg himself had massively reduced his shares in Facebook.

However, Li Mu knew that once he invested in Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg would definitely ask for 49% of the company's shares. He would also state clearly in the investment agreement that he had the right not to reduce his shares every time Facebook raised funds. That way, he could continue to invest in Facebook every time it raised funds. Anyway, he didn't lack this bit of money. He just had to make sure that he still had more than 40% of the company's shares before it went public.

…

Ignoring Mark Zuckerberg's teary eyes, Li Mu and Lawrence entered the press conference hall together. At this time, a large number of media reporters had been waiting inside for a long time. Countless fixed cameras were aimed at the entrance of the press conference hall, waiting for Li Mu to appear.

The door was pushed open by the staff. When Li Mu and Lawrence stepped in, he deliberately raised the five-starred red flag in his hand. This attracted the attention of all the media. Almost all the media took close-up shots of the five-starred red flag in Li Mu's hand. The CCTV cameraman's lens was almost glued to the red flag in Li Mu's hand.

The CCTV reporters did not expect that Li Mu would enter the press conference with a five-starred red flag. Li Mu's action made them feel particularly excited and warm. The media reporters were particularly sensitive, especially the CCTV reporters. They were very aware of Li Mu's current influence in China, and they were even more aware that the whole country was paying attention to Li Mu's every move in the United States.

What's more, Li Mu's trip to Harvard was the first public social activity since Li Mu came to the United States. It was also the first public appearance of Li Mu's two products after they became popular in the United States. At this time, Li Mu took the initiative to enter the press conference with a five-starred red flag. This subtle action would bring a lot of encouragement and pride to the Chinese people. Perhaps even Li Mu himself could not imagine it.

Under the attention of the media, Li Mu and Lawrence came to the seats of the press conference. This press conference was not very formal, but its scale could almost be compared with a presidential visit.

Li Mu and Lawrence sat side by side. Just like on an American talk show, Lawrence picked up the microphone and said humorously to the media and Li Mu, "Today, I am very honored to be able to invite the most outstanding young man in the world to Harvard as a guest."

As he said that, Lawrence looked around at the media and said with a smile, "You must know Li Mu better than I do, so you must know that what I said was not exaggerated at all. Li Mu is definitely the most outstanding young man in the 21st century. There is no one else like him."

There was a burst of applause and laughter below the stage. After being praised, Li Mu picked up the microphone and said humbly, "President Lawrence's praise makes me fearful. I feel that the times are developing and society is progressing. Now that the Internet has given me a fast way to success, in the future, there will definitely be other new things that will give other young people a faster and better way to success, and there will be more and more young people like this."

The media reporters below the stage kept applauding. Lawrence pointed his palm at Li Mu with a face of admiration and said to the reporters below the stage, "You see, a young man who can be so successful at the same time is actually so humble. My god, I have a question to ask you. Why is such an outstanding young man not a student of Harvard University …"

As Lawrence said that, he had already put his hands on the microphone and looked at the ceiling with a pious expression. This kind of behavior immediately amused the media reporters below the stage, and the atmosphere of the scene was particularly relaxed and joyful because of his joke.

At this time, Li Mu said with a smile, "Harvard University is the best university in the world, and it is also a dream that I have never dared to dream of. If it wasn't for the fact that I chose to start a business, I might have tried hard to get into Harvard's postgraduate program. Of course, there is a 99% chance that I won't be able to get in at all."

Lawrence hurriedly said, "My god, if you want, you can become a student of Harvard University at any time. Not only will we accept you, but we will also give you a full scholarship."