Chapter 1257

Wang Lan was stunned by this sudden opportunity. Liu Ye was still asking for his opinion on the other end of the phone. In the end, his wife pushed him and pulled him back from his thoughts.

Liu Ye was still trying to persuade him on the phone, "Brother Lan, don't hesitate anymore. Let's go to Muye Impression together. If you can't make up your mind, discuss it with sister-in-law."

Wang Lan was obviously not ready to make up his mind. He said in a panic, "Well, I'll think about it. I'll give you an answer as soon as possible."

Liu Ye said, "Don't think about it now. If you're interested, come over now and let's have a chat. If we have a good chat, we can settle this matter tonight. Tomorrow morning, I'll terminate the contract and you'll leave. In the future, we'll still be together as brothers."

"Ah, so soon?" Wang Lan was obviously more confused. He said, "I might have to think about it …"

At this time, Wang Lan's wife couldn't help but say, "Oh my, you're usually swift and decisive. How come you're so careless now?"

After saying that, she said to the phone, "Ye, don't worry. I'll talk to him and ask him to call you back in ten minutes!"

When Liu Ye heard this voice, he immediately laughed and said happily, "That's enough, sister-in-law. I'll leave Brother Lan to you. I'll leave it to you."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Lan's wife couldn't help but complain, "What a good opportunity. You should think about it again. What's there to think about?

This is a rare opportunity. Do you really want to be a second passer in your company? "

The word "second passer" made Wang Lan feel embarrassed. Although he was very capable, had a high success rate in guiding newcomers, and had excellent foresight, in fact, he was not very successful in the company. He was basically in charge of the new artists signed by the company. But once a new artist became famous, the company would quickly take the newcomer away from him and give him a few more newcomers.

Because of this situation, Wang Lan had the nickname "second passer" in the company. He was responsible for catching the ball that was hit by others, playing the ball in his own hands, and then throwing it to others to attack.

Liu Ye had already won the Best Actor Award at the Golden Horse Awards, but because his salary had not increased, the company was not in a hurry to take it away. Now that "What Will I Take to Save You, My Lover" had become popular, Liu Ye also had the momentum to rise up. So some time ago, the company had informed him that they would soon hand over Liu Ye to another manager. At that time, they would have to hand over Liu Ye to another manager, and at the same time, they would have to give up the commission of his future earnings.

Being treated like this all the time, even an old ox would get tired.

Seeing that Wang Lan's expression had softened, Wang Lan's wife immediately struck while the iron was hot and said, "Just wait and see. Mu Ye Impression will definitely take advantage of the" Flying Tigers "project to sign a lot of potential newcomers. When that time comes, they will use their own resources to promote a round of new talent. Look at Du Wei. After acting in" Those Years ", she has now become very popular. The key female artists that your company has been training for several years are not even one-fifth as popular as she is. It took you several years to promote Ye Zi. If Mu Ye Impression had the time, I'm afraid they would have already promoted a lot of popular artists."

Wang Lan nodded. He agreed with his wife very much. There was no doubt about Mu Ye Impression's ability to create stars. No other company in the industry could compare to it. Du Wei was definitely the most popular actress in the country. She was also a very popular singer. She didn't have many songs, but every one of them was a classic. A newcomer like her was simply a phenomenon.

The only pity was that Du Wei came from a very good family, so she was relatively low-key. Li Mu was also very protective of her. Otherwise, if she had really gone through a round of thorough commercialization, she would definitely have become the most expensive actress in the country.

That was the power of Mu Ye Impression. Du Wei had only acted in two films, a micro film and a cinema film, but she had already become the most popular actress and the actress with the highest box office in Chinese films. It was impossible for other film and television companies to achieve such a feat.

In fact, Wang Lan was looking forward to Mu Ye Impression's newly established film company. Mu Ye Impression was the first film company in the industry to operate on the Internet. Not only did it have the support of Makino Technology, the king of traffic, but it also had the Shadow Ranger ticketing system, which was a heaven-defying product. Such a company would definitely have a bright future. It was like an elite soldier carrying hot weapons into a cold weapon battlefield.

Thinking of this, Wang Lan looked into his wife's eyes and asked her, "Shall we give it a try?"

His wife was instantly overjoyed. She blurted out, "Of course!

This is such a good opportunity. We must seize it! "

Wang Lan immediately stood up and said excitedly, "Okay!

I'm going out right now! "

…

When Wang Lan drove to the restaurant where Liu Ye was staying, Liu Ye and Xie Xie were already chatting enthusiastically with Ning Hao.

Before this, Liu Ye had already signed the contract that Ning Hao gave him. That was to say, from now on, he was already a signed artist of Mu Ye Impression.

Ning Hao was not very old, and they were all young people. Moreover, Ning Hao had a dark sense of humor, so the atmosphere of chatting with him was very relaxed and pleasant.

As soon as Wang Lan entered the door, Liu Ye hurriedly stood up and pulled him to the seat between him and Ning Hao. He enthusiastically introduced Wang Lan to Ning Hao, "Brother Hao, this is my agent, Wang Lan."

"Brother Lan, this is the general manager of Mu Ye Impression, Ning Hao. Brother Hao is a director, and he has a new movie that will be released soon."

Wang Lan had only heard of Ning Hao after Mu Ye Impression was established and became famous. However, Ning Hao had heard of Wang Lan a long time ago. Wang Lan had been an agent in this industry for ten years. His ability, character, and reputation were all very good. In addition, the circle was small, so people like him basically knew or had heard of him. It was precisely because he knew that Wang Lan had a good reputation that Ning Hao wanted to poach him.

At the moment, Mu Ye Impression was not only in need of potential artists, but also in need of professional agents. A good professional agent was like a university professor. Not only could he guide some students who had just graduated from high school to the right track, but he could also export some successful students to society and make them the pillars of the society. Mu Ye Impression couldn't just focus on recruiting students without improving its own teaching ability. An agent like Wang Lan was a very good choice.

After the two of them greeted each other politely, Ning Hao immediately brought up the topic at hand. He said to Wang Lan, "Brother Lan, if you're interested in joining Mu Ye Impression, we can double your basic salary and better terms. In the future, Mu Ye Impression's goal is to become the top film and television company in China. There will be a large number of signed artists and a large number of film and TV projects to promote the development of their careers. We are in need of a good agent in the middle. Brother Lan, you're the best candidate for this role. If you join us now, I believe you'll become a top agent in the industry in the future."

Wang Lan said humbly, "I don't deserve to be called a top agent, but since I've decided to join Mu Ye Impression, I'll do my best to live up to the company's trust in me."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "So we've reached an agreement?"

Wang Lan nodded and said seriously, "I'll take care of the relevant paperwork in the next two days and report to the company as soon as possible."

"That's great!" Ning Hao said with a smile, "We can take some time to finalize the details of the contract in the next two days."

"Okay."

Wang Lan agreed without hesitation. Then he thought of Liu Ye and said, "Since I'm still Ye's agent, I'll also discuss the details of his contract with Mr. Ning."

Wang Lan was very professional. Almost all the work that he was supposed to do had become his instinct. If Liu Ye had jumped to Mu Ye Impression on his own accord, then he and Liu Ye would no longer be working together as an agent and artist. Naturally, he wouldn't interfere with what kind of contract Liu Ye signed with Mu Ye Impression. However, since he had also decided to join Mu Ye Impression, he was still Liu Ye's agent. Under such circumstances, he felt that he should put his identity as Liu Ye's agent first and ensure that his interests were fully protected.

At this time, Liu Ye smiled and said, "Brother Lan, to tell you the truth, I've already signed the contract."

"Huh?

You've already signed it? "Wang Lan was surprised. He didn't expect Liu Ye to sign it so quickly.

Liu Ye said, "I think the contract terms Brother Hao gave me are quite sincere. Also, I don't want to miss this opportunity, so I signed it directly."

Wang Lan nodded and said hurriedly, "Let me have a look!"

Liu Ye knew that Wang Lan was cautious and very responsible. He would definitely be willing to show him the contract, but after all, Ning Hao was still here. He was worried that Ning Hao wouldn't be willing to reveal too much to Wang Lan in advance, so he cast a questioning look at Ning Hao.

At this time, Ning Hao followed Liu Ye's words and said, "Brother Lan, you're Ye's agent. If you have any opinions on the details of the contract, you can tell me at any time."

This sentence also tacitly allowed Liu Ye to reveal the contract to Wang Lan, so Liu Ye handed the signed contract to Wang Lan. Wang Lan looked through it seriously, and after reading for more than ten minutes, he raised his head and let out a long breath, "CEO Ning's contract is really very detailed. The rights and obligations are written very clearly. There aren't any of those popular overbearing clauses in the industry, and there aren't any ambiguous terms either. It's simply the industry's benchmark."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "This is all our Li Zong's idea. He feels that signing an artist should be under the premise of mutual respect and recognition. We want the agency rights for the artist, but we also need to give the artist a good enough return. Only then can we go further together."

Wang Lan nodded in agreement and said, "I also agree with this point, so I have no opinions on this contract."

After saying that, he hesitated for a moment and said, "But I have a question outside of the contract that I want to ask. It might be a little abrupt, but if it is, I hope CEO Ning can forgive me."

Ning Hao said, "Brother Lan, you don't have to be so polite. If you have any questions, feel free to ask."

So Wang Lan asked the question that Liu Ye and Xie Xie always wanted to ask, but were too embarrassed to ask directly, "I want to know, CEO Ning, is it convenient for you to reveal what role our company wants Ye's to play in the movie 'Flying Tigers'?"

After hearing this, Liu Ye and Xie Xie looked at Ning Hao at the same time, their faces full of anticipation and nervousness.

At this time, Ning Hao smiled mysteriously, then picked up his teacup and took a sip of tea, then calmly put the teacup back on the table. The three of them looked at him, so nervous that they didn't even dare to blink, even their hearts were in their throats.