Chapter 543

Actually, whether it was Li Mu and Zhao Ziqiu on the stairs, or Zhao Xianliang and Xie Yun who were sitting on the sofa downstairs, all four of them were feeling nervous.

The most nervous person at that moment was Zhao Ziqiu. She turned around and glanced at her parents. Like a child who had done something wrong, she was so ashamed that she didn't dare to raise her head. She kept staring at her toes as Li Mu led her down the stairs step by step.

When they arrived in front of the two, Li Mu was the first to speak. "Hello, Uncle, Auntie."

Zhao Xianliang looked at Li Mu. Although the anger in his heart had mostly dissipated, he still said with a hint of anger, "Do you really think we're good right now?"

Li Mu was speechless.

Father Zhao seemed really annoyed to be so aggressive right from the start...

On the other hand, Xie Yun kept staring at Li Mu. After staring for a long time, she suddenly asked, "Young man, is your name Li Mu?"

When Li Mu heard that, he looked at Xie Yun in surprise. Up close, Zhao Ziqiu's mother was the same as Zhao Ziqiu, a one-in-a-million beauty. Moreover, Mother Zhao's face looked a lot gentler than Father Zhao's, so she probably wouldn't be as angry as Father Zhao.

Therefore, Li Mu nodded and used all his courtesy and humility to bow slightly. "Hello, Auntie. My name is indeed Li Mu."

When Zhao Xianliang heard the conversation between Li Mu and his wife, he was stunned. Li Mu?

The name sounded very familiar to him. Thinking about it carefully, it seemed that his daughter had mentioned it to him before.

Recalling the memories, Zhao Xianliang suddenly came to a realization. He stared at Li Mu for a long time and thought to himself, "So it's him!"

When Zhao Ziqiu first mentioned Li Mu in front of Zhao Xianliang, it was when she returned home during the National Day holiday last year. When she returned home, she told her father that a male classmate specially rented a car to send her to the airport. At that time, Zhao Xianliang didn't think much of it. After asking Zhao Ziqiu if the other party smoked, he conveniently gave Zhao Ziqiu a few panda gift boxes. Later, Li Mu made 3,321, and Zhao Ziqiu specially told Zhao Xianliang about Li Mu's deeds.

Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but slap his forehead. Back then, he had talked to his wife about the problem of his daughter's relationship. He and his wife really hoped that their daughter could be together with Xu Jiahui. After all, both of them had good looks, good temperament, and good family backgrounds. They were simply a match made in heaven. However, at that time, his daughter didn't seem to have any feelings for Xu Jiahui. Zhao Xianliang even mentioned that he was worried that his daughter might have fallen for that kid who ran a tutoring website. He didn't expect that it would really be a prophecy. For a moment, his heart was filled with mixed feelings.

It was the same for Xie Yun. She came from the education system. Although she hadn't been back to school for a few years, she would occasionally gather with her former colleagues. Previously, she didn't pay much attention to 3321, but during this period of time, since 3321 cooperated with key universities nationwide, 3321 also became a hot topic in Hangzhou. She also heard some introductions about 3321 and took the initiative to learn more about 3321. When she learned about 3321's model, as well as the strong role that 3321 played among poor university and high school students, regardless of what happened today, she still had some admiration for Li Mu. After all, this young man relied on a website to create the largest and most practical education fund in the country, benefiting hundreds of thousands and even millions of poor students.

Xie Yun looked at her daughter, who had her head lowered beside Li Mu. She couldn't help but ask her, "Ziqiu, Li Mu still knows to greet your dad and me. Why don't you say something to your mom and dad?"

Zhao Ziqiu raised her head in shame and called out weakly, "Dad, Mom..." After saying that, she lowered her head again.

Zhao Xianliang was a little dissatisfied. He subconsciously said to Zhao Ziqiu in a serious tone, "You also know that you don't have the face to face your mom and me?"

Xie Yun hurriedly said, "Old Zhao, don't talk to a child like that." After saying that, she hurriedly said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Ziqiu, your dad didn't mean anything else. Don't think too much about it."

Zhao Ziqiu nodded gently. Zhao Xianliang couldn't help but sigh. He didn't need Xie Yun to say it. He also realized that what he said just now was a little harsh. No matter what, his daughter and Li Mu must be in love freely. Even if it shouldn't have developed to this point, he shouldn't have said it so seriously.

Thinking of this, Zhao Xianliang's heart immediately softened. He said to Zhao Ziqiu, "Don't stand there. Sit across from us."

Zhao Ziqiu raised her head and looked at Zhao Xianliang. She said with a little gratitude, "Thank you, dad..."

Zhao Xianliang felt a little upset in his heart. His words just now were too harsh, and his daughter was already a little estranged from him.

Xie Yun accepted it the fastest. Although she had always liked Xu Jiahui and hoped that her daughter could be with him, that was also based on the premise that her daughter liked Xu Jiahui. If her daughter really didn't like him, she couldn't force her daughter to compromise. When it came to Xu Jiahui, she just used the most objective view to give her daughter the most suitable reference. Now that her daughter had made her own choice, and the other side seemed to satisfy her in all aspects, her negative emotions also dissipated a lot.

Thus, Xie Yun took the responsibility of easing the atmosphere. She found a topic and asked Li Mu, "Xiao Li, your 3321 is doing pretty well now. The cash flow should be pretty good, right?"

Li Mu smiled modestly and said, "Auntie, after 3321 cooperated with 985 and 211 colleges in the country, its monthly cash flow has exceeded 300 million, and its monthly revenue is also more than 30 million."

"That much?" Xie Yun asked him in surprise, "Then the annual revenue is close to 400 million?"

Li Mu said, "If we look at the current development speed, the final annual revenue should be more than 500 million. After all, 3321 has already taken over more than 50% of the high school tutoring market."

Xie Yun nodded and asked Li Mu, "I heard that all the money is going to be used for charity?"

Li Mu said calmly, "To be precise, it's a scholarship fund. All the money will be used to help poor middle and high school students so that they can successfully take the college entrance exam. If they grasp the opportunity given to them by 3321 and successfully get accepted by the college they want, then they can use 3321's platform to tutor and earn money during the summer. After they enter college, they can also work part-time at 3321. Not only can they earn their own tuition and living expenses, but they can also support their families."

Xie Yun was in the education industry. After hearing Li Mu say this, she nodded in agreement and said, "This just happens to form a virtuous cycle. The students who receive help from 3321 will be able to support themselves through 3321 after they enter college, and then help other students."

"That's right, that's how it is."

Zhao Xianliang was a little dissatisfied with Li Mu's calmness. At this time, he felt that not only should Li Mu respect him and his wife, but he should also feel guilty. However, he talked about his business so calmly and was actually so confident. This made Zhao Xianliang feel a little uncomfortable.

Zhao Xianliang coughed and stared at Li Mu. He asked, "The Benz in the yard should be yours, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said honestly, "It's mine."

Zhao Xianliang said in a critical tone, "If you want to do charity, do it honestly. It's understandable that you want to earn money, but don't do charity while driving such an expensive car with such a flashy license plate. Young people should learn to be more reserved. Don't lose your cool just because you have some money."

Li Mu immediately said, "Uncle's reminder is right. I'll remember it."

Zhao Xianliang asked again, "What do your parents do?"

Li Mu said, "My parents were laid-off workers in the state-owned coal mine. They found a job and started a small business."

Zhao Xianliang's face didn't show anything. He just nodded slightly, then took out a cigarette and lighter from his pocket. It was still the special panda rule. He took out a cigarette and lit it, then threw one to Li Mu and asked, "When did you get together with Ziqiu?"

Li Mu replied in the words that Zhao Ziqiu had told him, "We got together not long after we came back from National Day last year."

Zhao Xianliang calculated in his heart and said, "That's quite a long time. It's been more than half a year."

Li Mu echoed, "Yes, more than half a year..."

Zhao Xianliang was jealous in his heart, but he said, "You've just entered university. At this time, you should focus on your studies. I think you should put your relationship matters aside for the time being and focus on your studies. It's not too late to talk about your relationship after graduation. What do you think, Xiao Li?"

Li Mu couldn't refute, so he could only follow his words and said, "Uncle, what you said makes sense. We should focus on our studies."

However, Zhao Ziqiu, who had been silent all this time, suddenly raised her head and said with a determined face, "Dad, why don't you tell Li Mu that you and Mom were high school classmates and that you've been chasing her since high school?"

Zhao Xianliang suddenly felt embarrassed. He didn't expect that his daughter, who had been silent all this time, would take the initiative to attack him at this time. Before he could speak, Zhao Ziqiu said, "Grandpa said that you wrote love letters to my mom when you were in high school, and you purposely went to Grandpa's house to hide and meow like a cat. Grandpa found out and chased you for a few miles. Why didn't you put your studies first and put your relationship matters aside at that time?"

Zhao Ziqiu felt that everything that her parents saw today was a decision she made willingly, but she felt guilty because she had let down her parents' expectations of her. However, guilt didn't mean that everything she did was wrong. She didn't regret what she did. If her parents blamed her, she could accept it, but her parents couldn't stop her. This was completely different. Her father told Li Mu to put his studies first and put his relationship matters aside at this time, which made it hard for Zhao Ziqiu to accept.

Zhao Xianliang didn't expect that he would be exposed by his daughter. He felt embarrassed, then coughed, cleared his throat, and said to Li Mu with a little embarrassment, "Xiao Li, Ziqiu's mother and I just came from Australia. We just got off the plane at eight o'clock this morning. I'm a little tired and my mind can't keep up. Why don't we arrange a time to have a good chat another day?"

Li Mu knew that Zhao Xianliang was vaguely asking him to leave, but he really didn't feel at ease leaving Zhao Ziqiu alone. Otherwise, if her parents targeted her, how could she bear it?

However, it wouldn't be good if he insisted on staying at this time. Not only would he not be able to help Zhao Ziqiu, but he would also anger her parents and increase the pressure on Zhao Ziqiu. While he was in a dilemma, Li Mu suddenly came up with a plan and said, "Uncle, Auntie, you must be very tired after taking such a long flight. How about this, I'll leave with Ziqiu first and let you two have a good rest. After you two have rested, I'll visit you again."

Zhao Xianliang was stunned when he heard this. He scolded in his heart, "You brat, you're really cunning!"