Chapter 609

Overnight, Tieba was sought after by the entire Chinese music industry, and Du Wei was also sought after by the entire Hong Kong and Taiwan region.

Two days after "The Next Stop Heavenly Queen" landed in Hong Kong, it successfully won the first place on the Dragon and Tiger List of Chinese Songs of Hong Kong and Taiwan, which caused a sensation in the whole Hong Kong music industry. The interoperability between the entertainment circles of Hong Kong and Taiwan was very strong, not to mention that the real home of Rolling Stone Records was Taiwan. So, in return for Li Mu, they vigorously promoted several of Du Wei's singles in Taiwan. Apart from "The Next Stop Heavenly Queen", Du Wei's other three published Mandarin songs were still very much in line with the preferences of Taiwanese listeners.

Once several songs were hyped up, Du Wei also quietly became popular in Taiwan. In addition to her voice and songs being very good, her delicate and sweet image and temperament also instantly captured a large number of male fans.

Because of Li Mu, the Hong Kong and Taiwan music circles showed unprecedented care and friendliness to Du Wei. Compared with other Mainland singers, Du Wei was taken care of in the Hong Kong and Taiwan music circles. A large number of singers took the opportunity to speak out in front of the media. They either appreciated Du Wei, or expressed great optimism about Du Wei's future stardom. The media were also happy to ask some questions related to Du Wei to singers and producers in the Hong Kong and Taiwan music circles. For the media, they were also very interested in Du Wei, a newcomer who suddenly came out of nowhere. After all, she was now receiving a lot of attention.

The news that Du Wei topped the Dragon and Tiger List of Chinese Songs of Hong Kong and Taiwan also attracted a large number of Mainland media to track and report, because at this period, the Mainland entertainment circle did not have much influence on Hong Kong and Taiwan. On the contrary, many aspects such as film, television, songs, and variety shows were strongly influenced by Hong Kong and Taiwan, so that Mainland artists rarely had real influence in Hong Kong and Taiwan, and even their popularity was very low. Wang Fei, a star who developed in Hong Kong, was naturally an exception. But other stars who were born and raised in the Mainland and developed in the Mainland developed well in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The sudden emergence of a Mainland singer who could top the Hong Kong music chart, naturally made the Mainland media treat it like a treasure.

Seeing that Du Wei's influence was rising rapidly, very discordant voices suddenly came from Hong Kong. Lu Xinyi, who Li Mu poached from Hong Kong's weekly newspaper, called Li Mu early in the morning to tell Li Mu some bad news. Several Hong Kong gossip newspapers and magazines published a large number of scandals related to Du Wei this morning. The scandals said that although Du Wei was only 18 years old, she had long been kept by a wealthy Mainland businessman, and this wealthy Mainland businessman was Li Mu.

And these reports included a lot of photographic evidence, such as photos of Li Mu and Du Wei attending the Children's Protection Foundation together, the surveillance photos of the two entering and exiting the hotel lobby and the elevator together.

The quality of the surveillance video these days was not clear enough, but because of the clear pictures of the Children's Protection Foundation, the readers could clearly recognize Li Mu and Du Wei wearing the same clothes from the hotel surveillance pictures. In fact, these surveillance pictures were not fake, they were real.

However, although the pictures were real, the content of the scandals was not a word that was not a lie. The whole article revolved around the pictures of the two people.

The scandals said that Li Mu was a famous young entrepreneur in China, who had founded many enterprises and was worth a lot of money, while Du Wei was an ordinary student at the Central Conservatory of Music. When she was in school, she worked part-time outside the school to accompany rich businessmen. Last year, when she was visited by Li Mu, Li Mu fell in love with her, so he kept her as a mistress for a long time. Li Mu decided to promote Du Wei's debut, so when she came to Hong Kong to attend a charity party, he flew over to accompany Du Wei in person.

After hearing about this on the phone, Li Mu was very angry. He didn't expect that Zu Yaoting had been waiting for him here for so long. He was really patient. He must have been waiting for an excellent opportunity for revenge. Now that Du Wei had just opened up a market in Hong Kong, he used this method to smear the dirty water on Du Wei and himself. The timing was just right.

Moreover, Zu Yaoting was indeed a person who understood the entertainment industry and negative news very well. He could find the most ruthless and accurate point of attack at a glance, and then use his own resources and means to make more powerful attacks. Du Wei's image and temperament were simple, beautiful, and cute. At this time, to give her the title of accompanying rich businessmen and being kept as a mistress was simply the most vicious attack. Moreover, he cleverly used the fact that Li Mu had indeed accompanied her to the Seedling Protection Foundation party, and used some sensitive photos of the two of them entering and exiting hotels and elevators together to fan the flames and mislead the public.

Li Mu wasn't afraid of the slander of a tabloid boss like Zu Yaoting, but Du Wei had just become famous and didn't have a strong foundation yet. If the same negative news happened to a star with a strong enough foundation, it wouldn't take long for the public to selectively forget about it. But if it happened to a star without a strong enough foundation, the consequences would be much more serious. It was very likely that her whole career would come to an end. Li Mu was most worried that Du Wei's image would be greatly affected because of this. That would not only cause great harm to Du Wei, but also cause him to waste so much effort to promote her in Hong Kong.

Li Mu immediately asked Lu Xinyi, "How much influence does Zu Yaoting's newspaper and magazine have in Hong Kong?"

Lu Xinyi said, "That's hard to say. It depends on how credible the scandal is and how much influence the star related to the scandal will have. If the scandal can easily scare ordinary people, and it's related to a popular star, the public's attention will be very high. It might even become a hot topic for a period of time."

Speaking of this, Lu Xinyi hesitated for a moment and said, "Li Zong, to be honest, the scandal that Zu Yaoting made this time is more credible to ordinary people who don't know the truth of the matter. The photos, the story, and the facts of the Seedling Protection Foundation's gala are all there. Combined by him, even if it's 100% fake, 70% true, he obviously came prepared. Think about it carefully, the Seedling Protection Foundation's gala incident happened a long time ago, and Du Wei has just become popular. If he suddenly came up with this idea in the past two days, it would be a big problem whether he could find the surveillance video, let alone make up such a seamless and interlocking story."

Li Mu agreed with Lu Xinyi's words. The cost of the surveillance video was still very high, and the performance of the recording equipment was generally poor. In China, only banks were worthy of the surveillance video. Even if Hong Kong was more developed as a whole, the hotel's surveillance video couldn't be kept for so many days. Zu Yaoting must have wanted to take revenge on him a long time ago, and he must have gotten these videos and photos a long time ago. He just didn't make a move.

Li Mu couldn't help but think of the information that Xu Jianjun had revealed to him. Could it be that the person who secretly investigated him was Zu Yaoting?

But when Li Mu thought about it carefully, he felt that this theory was not very tenable. If Zu Yaoting had really investigated him seriously, then he must have thought about it in his heart. With his wealth and influence as a Hong Kong gossip magazine tycoon, was it really worth it to fight to the death with him just for the sake of his reputation?

No matter what, he was the little prince of China's Internet. He didn't dare to brag about other things, but with just a stomp of his feet, it would be very easy for him to cause an earthquake in China's Internet industry. His wealth and influence were much stronger than his gossip magazines. It was fine for him to disgust the people in Hong Kong's entertainment industry, but if he really wanted to risk his life against him, where did he get the capital to do so?

Moreover, even if Zu Yaoting didn't care about his influence in China's Internet industry, he still had to think about Du Wei's family background, right?

The sisters, Dufy and Du Wei, weren't just beautiful and had good family genes. Li Mu had heard Chen Ze mention before that Du Wei's family's influence in the military was beyond imagination. As for how powerful they were, Chen Ze didn't reveal it, but once it was related to political background, wouldn't it be easy to deal with people like him in Hong Kong?

Regardless of whether Zu Yaoting had investigated him and Du Wei, Li Mu quickly calmed down. He realized that the first thing he needed to do now was to isolate the news from Hong Kong and Taiwan. He definitely couldn't let this news flow into China. So, Li Mu immediately said to Lu Xinyi, "Xinyi, go to the company's public relations department now. Immediately inform all the major domestic media to not spread this kind of rumor. Also, at the same time, subtly convey that this is my personal intention. Also, if they really want to make a big news, they can use me as a reason, but they can't involve Du Wei."

The Chinese media's sense of smell was very sharp. If there was any movement in the Hong Kong entertainment circle, the Chinese media would get the news. So, Li Mu was sure that the media definitely knew about it before he did. What he needed to do was to remind them not to spread news without any basis. Otherwise, they would have to take responsibility, and he would definitely pursue it to the end.

It wasn't that Li Mu was confident that he could threaten the media, but Li Mu knew that the Chinese media were very cautious when reporting about him. Basically, they only mentioned 3321. Although Li Mu didn't know why, he could more or less guess that there was a higher level of influence restraining the media. However, Li Mu was also afraid that some stupid media wanted to make a big news. What if they used Du Wei to make an issue out of it?

With Du Wei's identity, the ordinary media probably wouldn't be able to find out the details. If they accidentally stepped on a landmine, Li Mu didn't care what would happen to the media. What he cared about was how Du Wei would face this. After all, her psychological endurance was far less than a wily old fox like him who had lived two lives.

Lu Xinyi had been in the media for many years, so she was very familiar with the media and entertainment circle. As soon as Li Mu gave the order, she immediately understood and quickly carried it out. Li Mu was also very clear that it was useless to just block the news in China. He still had to quickly think of a way to deal with Hong Kong. Not only did he have to minimize the negative impact of this time's scandal, he also had to make that bastard Zu Yaoting pay a painful price!