Chapter 726

Li Mu didn't go far. He drove about three to five hundred meters before stopping to observe, waiting for Wang Yuanlang to call.

Wang Yuanlang gave him a rough overview of the situation. When he asked Li Mu if he knew Hangzhou entrepreneur Zhao Xianliang, Li Mu immediately understood. He didn't need to think to know that the rumors of him buying Weilan's shares for eight hundred million and that he was protecting her must have reached the ears of Zhao Ziqiu's father. That's why he sent someone to investigate him, right?

Immediately, Li Mu said, "Ask that guy, what did he ask him to investigate about me?"

Since Yu Hu chose to let go, he basically let go of everything. Li Mu listened on the other end of the phone as Yu Hu explained, "Director Zhao asked me to follow you and take some pictures and videos of you and Weilan together as evidence."

Li Mu asked him, "Anything else?"

Yu Hu hurriedly said, "He also asked me to check if you have any other women."

Li Mu said, "When you go back, make sure you keep your mouth shut. In the next three days, if he asks you anything, just say that you don't have any concrete evidence yet. Stall him, and in three days, he'll receive the news himself even without you saying anything, understand?"

Yu Hu didn't dare to disobey, and said repeatedly, "Don't worry, I know what to do."

Li Mu warned him, "Remember, if you dare to speak carelessly, I'll tell everyone that you sold him out!

Leaking information about your employer is something that goes against your principles. In the future, you can forget about being a private investigator. "

Yu Hu was so scared that he trembled. "Don't worry, I'll do everything you say …"

Then, Wang Yuanlang took the phone and asked Li Mu, "What should we do with these guys?"

Li Mu thought for a moment, then said, "Smash the camera equipment, bring the material, and let them go. Oh right, leave his phone number, I'll have to order him around for free in the future."

Wang Yuanlang replied, "Okay, got it."

Li Mu said, "Then I'll go back first. Thank you, Captain Wang."

"It's my duty."

After Li Mu hung up the phone, Wei Lan asked him curiously, "Did those people come to take photos of you?"

Li Mu nodded. "It was ordered by a bored acquaintance. It's not a big deal."

Wei Lan saw that Li Mu downplayed it, so she didn't ask anymore.

On this side, Wang Yuanlang said to Tiger, "You're lucky today."

When Yu Hu heard these words, it was as if he had been pardoned. Just as he was about to thank Wang Yuanlang, Wang Yuanlang took out his imported camera that cost thirty to forty thousand yuan, lens and body, from the car. He took out the memory card with ease, and then smashed it on the ground with a bang. The connection between the body and the lens broke with a sound, and the lens shattered all over the ground. The body also cracked from this huge force.

Tiger Yu felt his heart ache. This was the most advanced digital SLR, and the shutter was broken after only a few uses. If I had known this would happen, I would have brought out that old film SLR. Also, my big aperture and long focal length, oh my God … …

Although his heart ached, Tiger Yu didn't even dare to let out a fart. If smashing the machine could release people, then he would grit his teeth and let him smash it.

Unexpectedly, the order Wang Yuanlang received was to destroy all the camera equipment, so how could he only smash one camera, and the professional video camera inside. This was amazing, and it wasn't any worse than the equipment used in the TV station. The cost was equivalent to the cost of a car.

A normal paparazzi couldn't afford this kind of equipment. Only a high-end paparazzi like Tiger Yu, who specialized in serving the rich, would spend a lot of money to buy this kind of high-end equipment to shoot clearer material to make the employer more satisfied. It could be said that it was the most expensive equipment Tiger Yu had.

When Tiger Yu saw that Wang Yuanlang had also carried this big guy out of the car, his heart suddenly tightened, and he said with a sad face, "Big brother, this machine can be smashed …"

"Bang!"

"Can't …"

Tiger Yu looked at the shattered camera on the ground, and his tears were about to fall. He subconsciously said, "Big brother, this is the thing we use to make a living …"

Wang Yuanlang nodded, "It's the thing you use to make a living. You got off easy this time, or else this time you would be locked up for at least three to five years with all kinds of reasons!"

Yu Hu hurriedly shut his mouth sensibly, and silently said in his heart, "The wind blows the eggshell, the money goes and people are happy. Anything that can be solved with money is not a problem. I'll just earn more in the future. If I really put people in danger, then I'm done for. Let's not talk about these special soldiers who can bring guns out of the military region. If the rich Li Mu wants to mess with me, I won't be able to handle it.

At this time, Wang Yuanlang said, "Come, leave me your phone number. In the future, I might call you at any time to understand the situation. If you dare to hide anything, you know the consequences!"

Tiger Yu nodded like pounding garlic, "Big brother, don't worry, I definitely won't hide anything …"

Wang Yuanlang nodded, remembered Tiger Yu's phone number, and then waved his hand, "Okay, all of you can scram."

With that, Wang Yuanlang called out to his two subordinates, "Retreat."

Seeing Benz swagger away, Tiger Yu looked at the shattered equipment and glass on the ground. His heart ached so much that his eyes turned red. With something like this happening, he couldn't ask Zhao Xianliang for reimbursement, he could only blame it on his bad luck. Plus, if Li Mu got hold of this, he didn't know if he would let him off easily in the future.

Thinking of this, Tiger Yu's intestines turned green with regret. Why did he have to do this!

Why did he have to rush to tell Zhao Xianliang after hearing a piece of news about Li Mu? Wasn't that just asking for trouble?

…

Li Mu decided to play dumb to the end about Zhao Xianliang investigating him. This was obviously a misunderstanding, and if he really explained it, it would be bad. Anyway, the private detective he found had already been "defected" by him. No matter what, he would keep Zhao Xianliang in the dark for the next few days. Once the fund was announced, everyone would know what his intentions were. At that time, even Zhao Xianliang would admire him from the bottom of his heart. Thinking about it, these billionaires' judgment was really average. Why didn't any of them see through his true intentions?

Zhao Xianliang was filled with anger. At night, he couldn't control his emotions and took the initiative to find Tiger Yu to understand the situation. Tiger Yu's feedback was that he didn't find anything substantial, and Zhao Xianliang didn't suspect anything. He could only temporarily suppress this matter in his heart. This was equivalent to Tiger Yu understanding the latest situation before telling his daughter everything.

Li Mu had a good night's sleep.

Early the next morning, with a half-dead heart, Song Zhilei took a plane to Yan Jing with the lawyer he often worked with. He was very clear in his heart that this time in Yan Jing, the business that he had worked hard for the past 20 years would instantly collapse to a mere 20 million. But he was even more clear that even if there was only 20 million left, it was because he begged Wei Lan to get it. Otherwise, all his efforts would be in vain with Juncheng Real Estate.

Thinking of this, his heart was painful and struggling. Standing on the land of Yan Jing, his heart was abnormally agitated. He only wanted to sign the contract as soon as possible, take the money and leave here. He didn't want to stay here for another minute.

Seeing that he could get 100% of the shares of the entire Juncheng Real Estate today, Li Mu was in a good mood. He asked Wei Lan to stay at home as much as possible and continue to pretend to be a mistress. He wanted to put on a show until the end. At the critical moment, there must be no unexpected changes.

After breakfast, Li Mu called Song Liang and asked him to inform him as soon as the contract was signed. Then, he set off for Makino Technology.

Ding Zhenglin, the capital operation master whom Li Mu poached from Sequoia, had made very clear progress in the two acquisition cases recently. Now, he was waiting for him to meet and exchange information.

In order to make the best use of people, a few days ago, Li Mu gave Ding Zhenglin a task that many Internet bosses in his previous life had not completed — to acquire Hou Yantang's FlashGet (Internet Express). In addition, he wanted him to be responsible for acquiring the two major cinema chains in Yan Jing, Hua Ying and New Films. FlashGet did not have much practical significance to Li Mu, but if he could get it, FlashGet could still further increase the scale of the YY product ecosystem. As for the cinema chain, it was too important. It was the bridgehead to attack the cultural and entertainment market, and also the experimental field for Li Mu's online ticket system.

When he arrived at Makino Technology, Kong Lingyu, Ding Zhenglin, and Lin Ching-ah were all waiting for him. It was not easy for Li Mu to come, and the three of them had some work-related matters to report to Li Mu.

As soon as Li Mu stepped into his office, Lin Ching-ah knocked on the door and came in. As soon as she saw Li Mu, she could not help but say with a smile, "Li Zong, since yesterday, your reputation has spread too far."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What's the matter?"

Then, he realized that he had caused a commotion in the real estate industry and could not help but ask, "Is it about Wanying's acquisition of Shanghai's Juncheng Real Estate?"

"Yes."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I only heard about it from the grapevine. Many people in the Internet industry also know about this matter. Moreover, the rumors about you and Weilan are also quite popular in our industry. Many companies' interface people have intentionally or unintentionally asked me about it when they contacted me."

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "Good news doesn't leave the house, but bad news travels a thousand miles. The Internet industry is definitely the second most gossipy industry in the country."

As soon as he thought of the gossipy nature of the Internet industry, Li Mu shook his head helplessly. Although the Internet industry was full of people who looked serious, low-key, and introverted, to be honest, the level of gossip in this industry was indeed quite high.

Perhaps it was because people on the Internet paid more attention to the interaction of information online, so once there was any news in the industry, it would quickly spread throughout the Internet. This advantage was unmatched by any other industry. There was even a company in the Internet industry that created an app that specialized in anonymous gossip online. With the spirit of gossip among the Internet people, this app had once become popular. That app was called Secret, and it was a platform for anonymous exposure of all kinds of gossip …

At this time, Lin Ching-ah smiled and asked, "What's the most gossipy industry?"

"Of course, it's the entertainment industry."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "But Old Kong and I trust you quite a lot. Do you want to know our opinion?"

Li Mu looked curious. "What do you think?

Do you generally think that I can't do that kind of thing? "

"No."

Lin Ching-ah said, "We generally think that you will do that kind of thing, but you won't do it in such a low-class way."

Li Mu nodded bitterly. "Okay, you know me well."

As he spoke, Li Mu changed the topic and said, "Go and call Old Kong and Old Ding over for a meeting."