Chapter 662

At six o 'clock in the morning, Li Mu sent Su Yingxue to Yanjing West Station. Li Ziwei and the police from the Western District Branch had arrived even earlier than them. Not only did Lu Changyong come personally, but he had also arranged for two police cars, four policewomen, and two male police drivers. One of them was the policewoman from the Gulou Police Station, whom Li Mu had met at the hospital yesterday.

Today, Lu Changyong wanted to do a good job. As the director of the branch, he accompanied Cai Zhizhi's parents to solve the follow-up problems. However, Li Mu didn't appreciate it. Instead, he told him directly, "You look too fierce.

After that, Li Mu introduced Li Ziwei to Su Yingxue. He told Li Ziwei to take care of Su Yingxue as much as possible. He also asked Li Ziwei to buy a phone for Su Yingxue when she had the time. Su Yingxue could contact the outside world anytime, anywhere. When she had the time, she could get a new phone card herself.

After that, Li Mu drove away without waiting for Cai Zhi's parents to arrive. It was too early for him to go anywhere, so he went to Makino Technology to finish the proposal for "Super Girl". After that, he went to Wanying Real Estate to wait for Huang Jinli to sign the contract.

He finished writing from seven o 'clock to nine o' clock. When Lin Ching-ah arrived, she heard that Li Mu had arrived early in the morning. She quickly put down her things and went to Li Mu's office to ask about the follow-up of yesterday's incident. The two chatted for a while, and then Song Liang called. He said that Huang Jinli had brought her lawyer to the company. Li Mu told him to wait for Huang Jinli, and he would go over later.

While Huang Jinli was being ignored, Li Mu called Wang Nan over. First, he praised Wang Nan for the two topics he had done yesterday. The interview with Zhang Guorong and the others at Makino Technology had been done very well, and the Huang Shuolun case was also done very well. The entire media had their eyes on this case, and Huang Shuolun had almost no chance to turn the tables.

After praising Wang Nan's excellent work, Li Mu also gave him follow-up requests. First, he had to continue working on these two topics; second, he had to prepare the report on Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and 3321's staff going to Yun Gui University to study; third, he had to work harder in the coming month, and at the beginning of August, he would be promoted to chief editor of YY website.

Wang Nan knew very well that the reason why Li Mu had made him the deputy chief editor and left the chief editor position empty was because he had always thought highly of Chen Tong, the chief editor of Sina. He was not unhappy about this. After all, Chen Tong's achievements were far above his. They were both in the content industry, and he thought that Chen Tong had enough qualifications to be his immediate superior. However, when Li Mu suddenly wanted to promote him to chief editor, he was inevitably surprised. He couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, don't you already have someone more suitable than me for the position of chief editor?

To be honest, I think there's still a big gap between my ability and Chen Tong's. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "He has proven himself on other platforms, and you have proven yourself on my platform. In comparison, I think you are more suitable than him for this position."

Wang Nan hesitated for a moment and said, "I think you should communicate with him again. If he is willing to come to YY website to be the chief editor, that would be the best. With his ability, he would be more suitable to be the chief editor of YY website than me."

Li Mu waved his hand and said, "If he is willing to join Makino Technology, I will arrange other work for him. I have already decided that you will be in charge of the portal."

In fact, Li Mu had lost his patience with Chen Tong a long time ago. When it came to content, Li Mu approved of Chen Tong. However, Chen Tong's way of thinking was too stubborn, and he was also blindly loyal to Sina. This was something that Li Mu did not like. He was a relatively objective person, and to him, blind loyalty was not loyalty, but stupidity.

Furthermore, Wang Nan was doing the job very well now, and he met Li Mu's requirements. This showed that Wang Nan was capable and qualified to be the chief editor of YY website. As for Chen Tong, if he was willing to abandon his blind loyalty and join Makino Technology in the future, Li Mu had other plans for him. For example, now that celebrity Tieba was in full swing, it would be a great advantage to create a celebrity blog on this basis. Blogs were a big product, and they would have a lifespan of at least three to five years. Although they would overlap with YY space, they would not clash. YY space was a social space, and it mainly displayed one's recent status. Blogs were a platform that was open to the public, and it mainly displayed one's views. If blogs were made bigger and stronger, it would become the main source of nourishment for Weibo in the future.

Although Weibo's profit model was relatively simple, as one of the links in the entire product ecosystem, it was still very significant. At least for a period of time in the future, Sina would basically be relying on Weibo to survive. If it were not for Weibo, Sina would have probably died in the era of the mobile internet.

Wang Nan was very excited that his ability was recognized by Li Mu. Therefore, he did not decline modestly. The only thing he wanted to do was to work hard and get the position of chief editor, and then work hard to defend this position.

After chatting with Wang Nan, Li Mu left Makino Technology with his laptop and drove to Wanying Real Estate.

Huang Jinli, who arrived at Wanying Real Estate at nine o 'clock, was very depressed. Last night, the Huang family was in a mess. Her eldest brother was originally injured and hospitalized, but because of the arrest of his eldest grandson, Grandpa Huang had a heart attack and was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment. He was only out of danger after midnight. Both father and son were in different hospitals. This morning, Huang Jinxiao completed the transfer procedures and finally stayed with Grandpa Huang. She almost did not sleep the whole night. Early in the morning, she rushed to Wanying Real Estate with her lawyer, ready to settle this matter with Li Mu as soon as possible. However, after waiting for Li Mu at Wanying Real Estate for one and a half hours, there was still no sign of Li Mu.

At ten forty in the morning, Li Mu finally arrived at Wanying Real Estate.

Huang Jinli stared at the heavy bags under her eyes. After exchanging a few words with Li Mu, she immediately got to the point. She said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, let's sign the land transfer agreement first. Then, I'll immediately ask the finance department to transfer the 50 million yuan to Wanying Real Estate."

Li Mu nodded. Together with Song Liang, he brought his legal team to touch the contract with Huang Jinli's lawyer. Hongzhu Group's land in the East Third Ring was very large, about 300,000 square meters. They bought it half a year ago, and the total price was about 900 million yuan. They were preparing to develop it, and the plan was almost finalized. Now, they could only sell it to Wanying Real Estate at a fair price. Moreover, they had to wait a year before they could get the 900 million yuan, which was next July. Not counting the room for appreciation of the land, just the interest of 900 million yuan a year was already an astronomical figure.

However, there was nothing Huang Jinli could do. In order to make peace and get through this hurdle quickly, Hongzhu Group could only obediently sell the land to Wanying Real Estate.

Fortunately, the Hongzhu Group was very powerful. Losing this piece of land was not a big deal to them.

After the contract was signed, the legal team of both parties followed up the follow-up process. It wouldn't take long before this piece of land would legally become one of Wanying Real Estate's assets. Huang Jinli's 50 million yuan also arrived very quickly. Not long after the contract was signed, the finance department had already completed the transfer.

After that, Huang Jinli said to Li Mu weakly, "Li Zong, we've fulfilled all your requirements, and we hope that you can abide by the promise between us."

Li Mu nodded, "As long as you abide by the promise, I will naturally abide by it."

Then, Li Mu reminded, "Oh right, the family of the deceased has already arrived in Yanjing. I think your family should go and apologize to them in person. The girl who died under your nephew's car was an only child."

Huang Jinli agreed and said, "My brother is not in good health. I'll go and apologize to them in person."

Li Mu said, "Okay, but I also advise you to be more sincere when you apologize. When you think about the problem, you have to put yourself in others' shoes. Because the Huang family has committed a crime, they have to accept the punishment of the law. This is the law, and also the law. The law will let Huang Shuolun live, but it can't bring other people's children back to life."

Huang Jinli nodded expressionlessly, "Li Zong is right. I've learned a lot."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Help me tell Mr. Huang that I'll let him go this time. Seeing that he's so old, I won't ruin his reputation.

Also, I know that he's used to being arrogant in Yanjing. I also know that he wanted to kill me when I taught him a lesson. It doesn't matter. After he's discharged from the hospital, he can come at me anytime if he wants to take revenge. But I still hope that he can have some conscience. Otherwise, even if he doesn't die, he will be punished by the heavens sooner or later. If you're not satisfied, then look up and see who the heavens have forgiven. "

Huang Jinli braced herself and agreed. She knew that Li Mu was threatening her in a disguised way. This time, he was willing to let the Huang family go because he wanted the Huang family to be sensible and turn the page. If the Huang family was not satisfied, then he wouldn't be lenient to the Huang family anymore.

Huang Jinli didn't know whether her elder brother could swallow it or not. But as far as she was concerned, she knew very well that the Huang family couldn't afford to offend Li Mu. In terms of money, connections, and influence, the Huang family was no match for Li Mu. So now that things had developed to this point, the best choice for the Huang family was to turn over a new leaf and never mention it again.

After Huang Jinli left, Li Mu said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, I'll ask the reporter from Makino Technology to come here later. You can announce in person that after hearing about this incident, Wanying Real Estate expressed special pity for the female college student who was injured and decided to set up an anti-drunk driving fund with 30 million in cash. Then introduce the focus of the anti-drunk driving fund."

Song Liang nodded and asked him, "What should we do with the land of Hongzhu?"

Li Mu said, "The income from this land will be used as the operating capital of the fund. In addition, we already have six pieces of land, so we don't want to develop this land ourselves. After the route map of Line 10 is announced, we'll sell it and give the difference to the fund."

Song Liang said, "Okay, that will save us a lot of trouble. If we have to develop it ourselves, it will be too depressing to invest one or two years of energy and not earn a penny."

Li Mu said, "Let's focus on our own land."

Then, Li Mu asked again, "When will the route map of Line 10 be announced?"

Song Liang shrugged. "There's no news. According to Chen Ze, it hasn't been decided yet. They are still arguing internally."

Li Mu nodded and said, "There's no other way. Just wait patiently."

…

In the afternoon, Su Yingxue called Li Mu with the new mobile phone that Li Ziwei had bought for her. Cai Zhi's parents had already seen Cai Zhi's body in the hospital, and Su Yingxue had also seen it. Fortunately, the police of the branch bureau had been very considerate. Last night, they had invited a makeup artist from the funeral home to beautify the body, and the doctor had also treated the wound, so the body was not as terrible as Li Mu had feared.

Su Yingxue said that at noon, she accompanied them to the hotel where Li Ziwei had booked a room. In the hotel room, she had told Cai Zhi's parents the whole case, but she had also hidden the part where Cai Zhi took the blame. Cai Zhi's parents knew that the driver who caused the accident had been arrested, and they felt a little relieved.

Su Yingxue also told them about the 20 million yuan compensation, which scared the couple. They didn't dare to accept it at first, but when Su Yingxue brought out Li Mu's point of view last night, they didn't insist anymore.

The death of their only daughter was naturally extremely painful for them, because it not only meant that the child's life was gone, but also meant that the continuation of their lives was over.

The most important thing for the people of Hua Xia was the continuation of life and the inheritance of bloodline. Everyone who could live to this day had inherited the bloodline that had been passed down from the ancient people for hundreds of thousands of years or even millions of years. If a person had no descendants, this bloodline that had been passed down was considered to be broken on him. Therefore, as the saying went, there were three ways to be unfilial, and having no descendants was the worst. If one didn't pass on the bloodline passed down from one's ancestors to oneself, one would be ashamed to face the ancestors even when one was buried.

Cai Zhi's parents were only in their early forties. Even her father was not yet 45 years old, and her mother was two or three years younger than her father. At this age, if there were enough material conditions, it was not a fantasy to have another child. If they were ordinary workers, it would be much more difficult for them to have another child at this age. When they retired, their children would not be able to go to college. If they lost the ability to earn money at that time, how could they raise their young children with their old bodies?

However, with this 20 million, everything would be different. They could give him better living and educational conditions from a young age, and ensure that he would live a carefree life for the rest of his life. Even if they lost the ability to earn money at old age, they would not have to worry about their children suffering with them.

Due to this consideration, they accepted this unimaginably huge sum of money.

Because the suspect had been arrested, Cai Zhi's parents also set the pace for her funeral. Her body was set to be cremated at the funeral home the next day.

The leaders of the National People's Congress organized the members of the Student Union to plan a memorial service for Cai Zhi at the funeral home in advance, which could also be considered as a memorial for this young lady.

Many students of the National People's Congress who were on vacation rushed to the memorial service after hearing the news, including Li Mu. There were many reporters who came to the memorial service, but fortunately, the reporters were very well-mannered and did not disturb the memorial service itself.

That afternoon, Cai Zhi's parents returned to their hometown in Xiangnan with Cai Zhi's ashes and a huge sum of 20 million in compensation.