Chapter 571

Liu Xuebin panicked when he heard the HR Director's words.

Liu Xuebin was furious and banged the table. "More than 80 of us came all the way from Shenzhen to work here. We have not even warmed our seats, and you want to cut off our entire department?!

Is this how you do things?! "

The HR Director frowned and said rationally: "Xuebin, you should calm down first. The company is facing difficulties now, and sacrifices are unavoidable. Furthermore, the company will follow the country's labor protection laws and the terms of our contract to let everyone leave. We will give everyone a reasonable compensation."

Liu Xuebin immediately asked. "How much is the compensation?"

The HR Director replied. "N + 1. But your employees had not been employed for more than 6 months. That's why the company will settle everyone's salary until today and pay half a month's salary according to their contract. The rest of you will be compensated according to the N + 1 standard based on the number of years you have been with the company."

"Half a month?!" Liu Xuebin exploded. "You are treating us like beggars?!

We came all the way here, and you quit just like that?! And you are only giving us half a month's salary as compensation?!

How can this be?! "

The HR Director saw Liu Xuebin was overreacting, and he cleared his throat. "Xuebin, calm down. Although you have only been in the company for a short time, did the company treat you badly?

You took away the 500,000 yuan signing fee, and even the company paid for your tax returns. How much was your annual salary in your last job?

Did it reach 250,000? "

Liu Xuebin immediately softened when he heard about the signing fee.

To be honest, even if the company is dismissed today and does not get any compensation, he will still make a killing.

Just this 500,000 RMB is a huge sum of money, and it is equivalent to his previous 2 years of hard work. This is a huge sum of money, and Sina's higher-ups and HR and Finance departments had been keeping this a secret. That's why his team members still do not know about this. If he is too irrational and offends Sina, this matter will be exposed.

Liu Xuebin lowered his head and thought for a while. He understood that there was no way out of this situation, and he must leave Sina. He stood up and said to the HR Director: "I will call for a meeting now and tell them the company's decision."

The Human Resource Director nodded. "Thank you for your hard work. It's 3: 30 in the afternoon now. Please inform the others as soon as possible. I'll arrange for someone to prepare the contract termination agreement. I'll bring it to everyone to sign at 5: 00."

Liu Xuebin grunted and said, "How about this, you prepare an agreement now, I'll sign it first."

"Alright."

The termination agreement had a fixed template. It was very simple. The Human Resources Director quickly prepared a complete termination agreement. Liu Xuebin glanced at it and immediately signed his name on it. Then, he turned around and left the Human Resources Director's office.

After coming out, Liu Xuebin had accepted the fact that he will be leaving Sina. Since Sina is no longer a place for him to stay, he is no longer angry and conflicted. No matter what, he had gotten 500,000 RMB, and he had earned a lot. He just needs to find another job after leaving Sina.

Back to his department, Liu Xuebin clapped his hands to attract everyone's attention. He said, "Everyone, stop what you are doing and listen to me."

There were more than 80 people who followed him here from Shenzhen, and more than 10 people from UC, a total of more than 100 people put down their work and looked at Liu Xuebin. They didn't know what he was going to announce, but the company was facing such a big problem recently, so it couldn't be any good news.

Liu Xuebin looked at the anxious eyes of these people and felt guilty. No matter what, he was the one who brought these 80 + people here. They chose to believe in him, follow him, and follow him all the way from Shenzhen. Now, their good days had only lasted for a few days, and they had to go back to square one. Liu Xuebin felt guilty and could not bear it. But thinking carefully, they were facing a situation that he could not solve. No matter what, it was their own will to join. They were all adults, and they should bear the consequences of their own decisions.

So, Liu Xuebin cleared his throat and said in the shortest possible words: "Everyone, from today onwards, the UC department will be completely disbanded. Everyone, including me, will have to leave the company before the end of the day."

With this sentence, the 100 + people were immediately in despair.

He did it without hesitation. The decision was made on the same day, and it had to be carried out on the same day. He did not give people a chance to adapt at all. It was unacceptable, and they could not help but feel angry.

A large group of employees almost exploded in an instant. They all reprimanded the company's immoral behavior. Some even scolded the company on the spot, and there were even those with poor psychological endurance who cried on the spot.

Liu Xuebin realized that there was more than one person crying on the spot. These people were all his old subordinates who followed him from Shenzhen.

To them, the situation was indeed too cruel.

QQ was defeated by Makino Technology, and they wasted a period of time. They experienced the lowest point of their career. It was not easy for them to get 1.3 times their previous salary to come to Yanjing and dream of working in Yanjing. But their new company was defeated by Makino Technology again so quickly. Their dreams of Yanjing were shattered before they could fall asleep, and they once again became homeless and unemployed. Moreover, it was in a foreign city more than 2000 kilometers away. One could imagine how they felt.

But Liu Xuebin did not know how to console them. He also knew that persuasion would not work. If Sina gave everyone more than 2 months' salary as compensation, at least they would have some money in their hands. They might not be so sad. But Sina had already lost so much money in UC. At this time, it was impossible for them to give any more compensation.

At this time, there were some employees who came back to their senses and asked him: "Boss Liu, how much compensation will the company give us if we are to be fired?"

Liu Xuebin was most afraid of answering this question, but he had to answer it. He said: "The company's compensation will be implemented according to the N + 1 model. But those who have not worked for half a year can only get half a month's salary as compensation."

The 80 + people from Shenzhen almost went crazy.

Half a month's compensation?

It was not even enough for the rent they had paid!

Also, they still need to continue looking for jobs in Beijing. They do not know how long the waiting period will be. How can half a month's salary as compensation give them a sense of security?

Facing the angry questioning from his subordinates, Liu Xuebin could only push everything to the company: "It's useless for all of you to shout at me. I will be the same as all of you. I will be fired, and I will only get half a month's salary as compensation. If you all have any objections, you can go and talk to HR."

One of them suddenly stood up and shouted: "F * * k! Let's go and argue with those bastards from HR!

Half a month's salary? Are they trying to kill me?! "

"That's right. Go and argue with HR!

Why is it only half a month's compensation?! "

"We will not accept this compensation!"

"If you don't give us a satisfactory answer today, I will eat and stay here in the future!"

Before Liu Xuebin could persuade them, a few employees had already taken the lead and walked out. This time, the powder keg was ignited. The rest of the people also rushed out angrily. More than a hundred people rushed to the HR department while cursing and swearing, immediately causing chaos in Sina.

Seeing that the situation was out of control, Liu Xuebin's heart suddenly skipped a beat. He was a smart man, and his brain quickly turned the situation in front of him. First of all, he had to be clear that no one in the department knew that he had taken the signing fee. Secondly, in order to get the signing fee, he had deliberately failed to cooperate with Muye Technology. Then, he had exaggerated and made Muye Technology look bad. That was why he had brought more than 80 people to join Sina. Now that Sina had cut off the UC department, they would definitely regret not joining Muye Technology in the first place. Lastly, if they knew that he was the instigator of the situation, they would definitely vent their anger on him.

Now that the situation was out of control, and so many people were going to the HR department to demand an explanation, the HR department will surely sell him out when faced with the staff's doubts. This is the last bit of value they have, and it will be a waste not to use it. Once they use it, they will be able to shift the blame to themselves. So, why not?

After figuring this out, Liu Xuebin immediately rushed into his office and packed up his computer and some personal items that he could bring with him. Then, without any delay, he quickly left the company and went downstairs.

Chen Xuebin does not want to be surrounded and scolded by dozens of people. If that happens, he will drown in their spit. He had secretly gotten the benefits, and there is no way for him to explain himself. So, he can only leave before this matter is exposed. If worse comes to worst, he will bring his wife to another city for a walk. He will come back after this matter blows over. As for his old subordinates, he can just forget about contacting them in the future.

A group of former QQ employees swarmed into the HR department and blocked the HR director's office. A group of people angrily questioned, scolded, and threatened the HR director. They wanted him to give them a satisfactory solution immediately. The HR director is not someone to be trifled with. Even when he was surrounded by so many people, he still asked them calmly: "What conditions do you all have? We can discuss the details."

An employee representative shouted angrily: "If the company wants to fire us, we can. But they must at least give us 3 months' salary as compensation!"

"3 months is impossible."

The HR director said word by word: "Our country has laws. For people like you who came from Shenzhen, the company will compensate you with half a month's salary after you resign."

"Half a month?

F * * k you. You all are f * * king scammers!

You tricked us all the way from Shenzhen to come here, and you want to dismiss us with half a month's salary?

Don't even think about it! "

The HR director frowned and asked: "When did the company lie to you all?

We gave you our offer, and you all accepted it before coming here. Did we force you all to accept it? "

"What did you all promise CEO Liu?

Did you all tell CEO Liu that UC can not make profits for 1 to 2 years? As long as we can gain a foothold in the market, you all will dismiss the team before the product is launched? "

The HR director immediately retorted: "We had never said this to Liu Xuebin. I don't know what Liu Xuebin said to you all. But there is one thing I want you all to be clear about. We only promised Liu Xuebin one thing. If he can bring a team of more than 80 people to join Sina, we will pay him 500,000 RMB as a signing fee. We had already paid this amount the week you all joined the company!"

"F * * k!"