Chapter 569

Zhao Xianliang was quite annoyed, and depression was written all over his face. Businessmen at his level basically didn't care about money, so he didn't feel happy when he suddenly found out that Li Mu had such a huge net worth. He just felt that there was no place to put his face. One had to live. He was naturally unhappy that Li Mu wasn't good enough, and he was even more unhappy that Li Mu was too good. Zhao Xianliang had been in the business world for so many years, and at this age, what he cared about was posture and face. If he really met Li Mu again in the future, how he should face him was an awkward problem that he didn't want to think about.

However, Xie Yun was very happy in her heart. Her thoughts were very simple, and everything was for the better of her daughter. Now that she knew Li Mu's hidden strength, she was really happy. Of course, the most important thing was that she felt gratified for her daughter. Her daughter had found the right person after all. There was probably no other man like Li Mu in the whole country. Seeing that her daughter had found such a talented young man, she was happier than anyone else.

Xie Yun didn't want to attack Zhao Xianliang, but she felt that she needed to correct his views and thoughts as soon as possible, so she picked up the two pages that Zhao Xianliang hadn't read and said, "You haven't finished reading just now. Li Mu and Chen Ze set up Yan Jing Jinshun International Ltd. You know Chen Ze, right?

He's the only son of Boss Chen of the Ministry. "

Zhao Xianliang's facial muscles twitched for a moment. Boss Chen of the Ministry. He couldn't be clearer about which Ministry it was. It was in the energy and steel industry. Looking up, the Ministry with the highest position was run by Chen Ze's father. Unexpectedly, Li Mu also cooperated with Chen Ze. This kid was so young, but his political connections were already so strong?

Seeing that he didn't speak, Xie Yun added, "He also set up a real estate company with Chen Ze and a real estate developer from Li Mu's hometown. This real estate company is registered in Yanjing. I guess they are eyeing the real estate market in Yanjing."

"He wants to get into real estate too?" Zhao Xianliang rubbed his temples with both hands. He felt that his brain was not enough to process all of this.

Xie Yun said, "From the looks of it, he's definitely going to do real estate. Otherwise, he wouldn't be working with real estate developers."

Zhao Xianliang frowned and asked, "Where does he get the energy to take care of so many things?

Just hearing the names of these companies is giving me a headache. "

Xie Yun said, "The problem isn't where he got so much energy, but where he got so much ability. Every company he's involved in now is either very valuable, very profitable, or will be very valuable and profitable in the future. Other than the two companies he and Chen Ze are in, I can't see any signs of their future, but the companies he's in have all been successful."

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand in annoyance and said, "Let's not talk about him anymore. My liver hurts. I won't comment on the relationship between him and Ziqiu for the time being. Let's take a step back and see how he develops in the future. He's doing well now, but whether he can last is another matter."

This is what Xie Yun wanted to hear, so she smiled and said, "It's good that you can see it this way!"

… …

No one knows what kind of storm Zhao Xianliang is going through in his heart on this summer night. Sina's executives and investors are also going through the same storm as him.

In a while, Nasdaq will open again.

According to normal estimates, Sina's share price should recover today because the bad news brought by Muye Technology the other day had been fully released and converted. Sina's share price fell by 24%. In the eyes of Sina's executives, this was already the bottom price. What's more, the short investors who poured in yesterday must have realized that the share price had hit the bottom today. They would definitely close their positions in time and buy a large amount of money. The share price would definitely rise. This was the bottom rebound.

But at 9.30 pm, Nasdaq opens, and Sina's share prices did not open higher like everyone expected. Instead, it dropped by 1 cent to 1.21 USD.

The opening price is not high, and this is a strange sign.

Sina's executives start to get nervous again. They thought their share prices will rise by at least 5 to 10% from 1.22 USD today. But the opening price is so low. This means those short-sellers are not in a hurry to close out their positions.

Why are the short-sellers not closing out their positions? The reason is simple. They had been analyzing Sina's situation since yesterday. They analyzed Makino Technology's current situation and characteristics. When Makino Technology entered Nasdaq, the short-sellers realized Sina's problems are not as simple as cutting off a quarter of its traffic. Their biggest problem is setting up an opponent like Makino Technology. Although there is no evidence that Makino Technology will attack Sina's business, the US market is very sensitive. When the short-sellers saw Makino Technology's information, they could sense the danger Sina poses.

Currently, Sina Web's share prices are supported by his web portal. The Americans had come into contact with web portals earlier than the Chinese and have a deeper understanding of it. Web portals rely on traffic and content, and the combination of the two will produce users, which will become the blood of the web portal's development.

After Muye Technology acquired Hao123, they controlled almost all the Chinese netizens at all the portals. This meant that they controlled the most powerful Internet traffic source in China. Coupled with Muye Technology's healthy cash flow and strong development capabilities, it was too easy for them to set up a portal. Their manpower, material, and financial resources could keep up quickly. Moreover, according to Muye Technology's industrial structure, the Americans discovered that what Muye Technology really lacked at the moment was a portal. From the looks of it, if Muye Technology did not set up a portal, Sina's share price would hit rock bottom. However, if there was even the slightest possibility that Muye Technology would set up a portal, Sina's share price would still be far from hitting rock bottom.

For Nasdaq, the dot-com bubble started in 2000, and the market value of many internet companies on Nasdaq had shrunk. Although the internet market is starting to recover, it is still weak when compared to the stock market. Most investors in the stock market are still cautious of internet companies, and it is hard for them to accept that there is a premium in the share prices of internet companies. They are not optimistic about the future of internet companies. If the market is doing well, it will be fine. But if the market is not doing well, and there is a possibility of the share prices falling further, no one will dare to buy such shares.

Because of this, Sina's share prices started low at the start of the new trading day. Unfortunately, Sina's higher-ups do not know what the Nasdaq investors are thinking, and they are shocked by the low share prices.

A low share price also means a low share price.

The pessimism of the market caused Sina's share prices to fall steadily from the start of the trading day. Ten minutes after the trading started, the share prices fell below the 1.20 USD threshold and fell to 1.99 USD.

While Sina was burning with anxiety, Li Mu was playing the guitar and singing for Su Yingxue in the house he rented.

< Next Stop Heavenly Queen > and < First Day > are the two new songs that Li Mu had prepared for Du Wei. < Next Stop Heavenly Queen > is the song that will help her in Hong Kong. That's why Li Mu values this song more than the other one. That's why he sang this song to Su Yingxue first.

< Next Stop Heavenly Queen > is a Cantonese song, and Li Mu sang it in his non-standard Cantonese. Su Yingxue, who does not understand Cantonese, could not understand it. So, she could only compare the lyrics written by Li Mu to understand the meaning of the song.

This song is not very emotional, but it combines the names of Hong Kong's places and the singer's ambivalence of wanting to be a Heavenly Queen but also looking forward to love. In the end, it expresses the singer's firm attitude. In front of fame and love, no matter what, the most important person is yourself.

If an ordinary person sings this song, or if an ordinary person listens to an ordinary person singing this song, I'm afraid they will not be very touched. But if an ordinary person listens to a star singing this song, then the realm of the song is very different. The main idea of this song is to make the high and mighty star closer to the people. Through this song, the star lowers his attitude and expresses his firm belief in the supremacy of love, to win the subconscious acceptance of ordinary people, to let the fans understand that in fact, stars do not only care about fame and prestige, but also have love, and stars will be like ordinary people, desperate to love someone.

Su Yingxue saw the hidden meaning in the lyrics, and she was amazed in her heart. Li Mu is really a composer who is good at controlling the psychology of the audience. This song can be said to be absolutely a skillful work. Ordinary people have heard too many love songs sung by stars, and it is difficult for them to have a deeper level of resonance, whether the star sings love happiness or sadness. But this song, through the star's point of view, sings the star's firmness to love, compared to other love songs, will have a deeper level of emotional resonance.

Moreover, this song is not only ingenious, but also very gentle and pleasant to listen to. The overall mood is also quite in line with the image and temperament of Du Wei. While Su Yingxue praised Li Mu's talent in her heart, she can't help but be jealous. She is jealous that Li Mu is so attentive to Du Wei. Among the three songs that Li Mu wrote for Du Wei, two of them were written for micro-films, and the last one, according to him, was written when he saw the word "Hidden Fragrance" while eating. The nature of these three songs is very different from the current song "Next Stop Heavenly Queen", because it can be seen that this song was tailor-made by Li Mu for Du Wei. Li Mu is like a skilled tailor. Only when he is completely attentive and knows every detail of Du Wei's figure like the back of his hand, can he create such a perfect work for her.