Chapter 671

At this time, Li Mu could not help but sigh in his heart. Some things were just like that. If Chen Tong had resigned a few days earlier, Li Mu would have invited him again and would have been willing to give him the position of editor-in-chief of YY website. However, Chen Tong had been actively showing his blind loyalty to Sina, and Li Mu had gradually lost his patience and interest.

Coincidentally, Wang Nan took over the work of the entire YY website after YY website went offline, and he did an excellent job. This was also why Li Mu finally decided to give him the position of editor-in-chief. However, Chen Tong resigned within a few days. For Li Mu, he could not go back on his word to Wang Nan, an employee who had proven his ability. Therefore, he was very clear that even if Chen Tong was willing to join Makino Technology, YY website would not have much to do with him anymore.

In terms of future prospects, Chen Tong's development space as editor-in-chief of Sina website was probably less than one-fifth of that of YY website's editor-in-chief. If Chen Tong was more flexible, joining YY website would actually be equivalent to stepping onto a new height. However, he had missed the opportunity, and now he was forced to resign and leave Sina. It was really a huge loss.

Liu Shixiong also felt pity for Chen Tong. If he left Sina just like that, then his future development would not be optimistic. At present, except for YY website, the other portals had been reduced to second-tier websites. Everyone was now facing the same fate. Who would give Chen Tong a platform and opportunity to prove his ability? If Makino Technology was not willing to accept him, then his career would definitely start to go downhill.

Faced with Liu Shixiong's question, Li Mu sighed and said, "The candidate for editor-in-chief of YY website has been decided. Even if Old Chen wants to join now, he will have to renegotiate the position and salary. I think for a person like him, if I invite him to be the deputy editor-in-chief of YY website, he will definitely not agree."

Liu Shixiong laughed dryly. "If he can understand the current situation, maybe he will agree."

Li Mu waved his hand and smiled. "Forget it. I will not consider him for YY website. Let Wang Nan work according to the current pace. If he does well, then continue using him. If Old Chen wants to join now, Makino Technology will be launching a new project soon. We can let him come over to be the project manager, but everything will be starting from scratch."

Liu Shixiong did not ask Li Mu what the new project was. He nodded and said, "Okay, I will talk to him after he leaves Sina. If he is interested, I will ask him to come directly to you."

What Li Mu could leave for Chen Tong now was the new blog product. If Chen Tong was interested in joining Makino Technology, Li Mu was prepared to set up a blog project team. He will let Chen Tong start from his blog and gradually lay the foundation for Weibo in the future. In the future, Chen Tong's smart position would be from his blog to Weibo. If it was done well, it would be a big cake worth tens of billions of USD in the future.

Chen Tong's current situation was indeed miserable. His position in Sina was interdependent with Sina. Sina was no longer valued, and his own position was not guaranteed. The awkward thing was that he was not really a senior executive in the company. If strictly speaking, he was not even a manager, but a professional technical staff. This kind of person was the first batch of people to be axed when the company reorganized its business.

If Chen Tong could maintain a good relationship with various parties in the company, even if it was a business adjustment, this kind of backbone employee would have the opportunity to transfer internally. However, he had offended many people in the company, so at this time, all the management treated him coldly, and he was marginalized all of a sudden. The proud and arrogant cultural man did not have the intention to continue to be a loafer, so he directly handed in his resignation letter.

When the higher-ups said that they would consider it, they had already made the decision to let him resign. Chen Tong also knew what the higher-ups were trying to do. If he agreed directly, it would be too heartless. After ten days or half a month, they would pretend to approve his request reluctantly. So today, he went directly to the CEO's office, sat in front of the CEO, and said, "Please approve my resignation report."

The CEO pretended to persuade Chen Tong. "Old Chen, you are the company's senior executive and the company's hero. You should at least give the company some time to consider your resignation."

Chen Tong knew what the CEO was thinking and said, "If you don't approve my resignation letter, then I will take it back."

Hearing Chen Tong's words, the CEO's face turned green. He really doesn't give me a way out!

If Chen Tong took back his resignation letter and refused to leave because of his grudge with the higher-ups, he would be in big trouble.

The CEO saw Chen Tong's determined face and knew he was not joking. So, he gritted his teeth and stretched out his hand. "Fine, Old Chen. I wish you a bright future."

Hearing these words, Chen Tong heaved a long sigh of relief. He seemed to be much more relaxed, but he was actually very sad in his heart.

It was not easy to start a business with Sina Weibo, and now he was in this situation.

The CEO took out the resignation report that Chen Tong had submitted before, signed his name on it, and stamped it. Then, he said to Chen Tong, "You're an old employee. I'll get the manpower to give you N + 1 compensation."

N + 1 compensation is only given when the company fires an employee. If the employee's monthly salary is 10,000 RMB and he had worked in the company for 3 years, the company will give him 3 + 1 compensation, which is 4 months of company salary. Normally, Chen Tong had resigned on his own, and the company will at most settle his salary and shares. It's impossible to give him N + 1 compensation. The CEO said this because he felt guilty towards Chen Tong.

But Chen Tong was not happy. He felt he had resigned on his own. What's the point of taking N + 1 compensation from Sina?

If people knew about this, they will think he was fired by the company. He cannot accept this humiliation.

So, Chen Tong replied expressionlessly. "There's no need for N + 1 compensation. Just follow the normal procedures."

The CEO looked at Chen Tong for a while and saw Chen Tong was insistent. He nodded. "Fine. I will get the manpower to bring you to settle the paperwork."

… …

After Li Mu and Liu Shixiong discussed the logistics plan, Liu Shixiong decided to start immediately tomorrow. He will buy over that logistics company and transfer his vehicles to the south to prepare for the branding day. He will also fly to Shanghai and Guangdong Province to negotiate with these key people with the offer of double salary. If the negotiations are successful, the logistics system will be set up. When the money arrives, the logistics system can be turned into a logistics network.

Li Mu chatted with him for a whole day. When he was about to leave after clearing up all the key links, Senior Fellow Apprentice Liu received a call from Chen Tong. After the phone was connected, Chen Tong's first sentence was, "Ma Yingdong, are you free tonight?"

Liu Xiaodong asked: "Brother Chen, what's up?"

Chen Tong smiled. "Nothing much. I just want to invite you out for dinner. I have resigned from Sina."

"Resigned?" Liu Xiaodong asked in shock. "So fast?"

Chen Tong smiled. "I strongly requested it. I don't want to give those people a chance to be hypocrites. That's why I decided to leave early." Chen Tong asked. "Are you free tonight?"

Liu Xiaodong hesitated for a while and nodded. "What time?"

Chen Tong said. "Let's go to the National People's Congress for dinner. There is a barbecue stall in the alley next to the Congress. It tastes good, and it was there when we were in school."

Liu Xiaodong laughed. "I know the place you are talking about. Northeast barbecue, right? Sure. Let's meet there at 6: 30!"

After both agreed, Liu Xiaodong hung up and said to Li Mu. "Old Chen resigned so fast. I heard he asked for it himself …"

Li Mu nodded. "It's understandable."

Liu Xiaodong asked. "Are you going together tonight?

I can talk to him about Makino Technology. "

"I'm not going."

Li Mu curled his lips and said, "He is an intellectual and has a temper. I am not an intellectual, but I also have a temper. Why would I rush to invite him?"

Liu Xiaodong smiled. "It's a special situation. He needs to be comforted."

"Come on." Li Mu said, "You are more than ten years older than me. Do you still need me to comfort you?

I don't have time for that. It's time for me to put on airs. "

Liu Xiaodong knew that Li Mu also had some complaints about Chen Tong. Although it was not to the extent of holding a grudge, he still had a temper. So, Liu Xiaodong stopped persuading him and said, "Let's do this. I'll ask him indirectly and see what he thinks."

Then, Liu Xiaodong asked Li Mu, "What new business do you want him to do?

Introduce me. I'll talk to him and ask if he is interested. "

Li Mu said with a straight face, "I won't say. If he is willing, let him contact me. If he is not willing, then forget it. He still wants to pick at this time?"

Liu Xiaodong smiled helplessly. "Okay, okay, okay. I won't ask. I'll talk to him tonight."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Take some time to keep an eye on the best Internet technology experts in the country. Fang Xudong has too many things on hand. He is leading a few projects. His energy is limited. In the future, I have to focus his energy on core solutions, especially the logistics management system. In the future, it will be best if there is a good technical expert in Taobao."

Liu Xiaodong asked, "Fang Xudong used to work at Google, right?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Yes."

Liu Qiangdong said, "Why don't you ask him to contact his former colleagues at Google and try to poach a few big technical experts from Google?"

Li Mu said, "Sure, but poaching people from Google will be very difficult. First of all, you won't be able to poach those foreign employees. They lack understanding of Hua Xia's Internet and will definitely not be interested. Even if you poach people from Google or Chinese, it will be a problem to communicate with them across the ocean. I think it will take a long time. You can talk to Fang Xudong about this. But for now, I think you should find a suitable person to handle Taobao first."

Liu Xiaodong thought for a while and said, "I have a few friends in Shanghai. One of them has been working in the technical field. The last time I went to Shanghai to talk to someone from Shentong, I didn't have the time to meet him. Why don't I go to Shanghai this time to talk to him?"

Li Mu nodded. When he thought of Shanghai, the beautiful Shanghai Wei Lan appeared in his mind. She was the original owner of his villa. The last time they met, she seemed to be in some trouble. He didn't know if she had gotten through it …