Chapter 1670

Roland Mas didn't expect Li Mu to be so cautious in a private meeting.

It was reasonable to say that young people were very popular, especially young people like Li Mu who had made achievements. They were even more arrogant. Roland Mas was now showing weakness to him and begging him not to target Mars. According to common sense, Li Mu should take advantage of the situation.

Roland Mas' words seemed to be admitting defeat, but in fact, he had buried a big pit for Li Mu.

In his opinion, when he said "please be merciful", with Li Mu's overbearing and domineering character, he should have said something like "considering your sincerity, I'll let it go this time" or something like "please be merciful", or "please be merciful"?

Who do you think you are? "or something like that.

No matter which of the two, as long as Li Mu said it, it proved that Li Mu had indirectly admitted his suppression of Mars.

However, Li Mu didn't fall for it. Instead, he pretended to be confused.

Li Mu didn't know what trick Roland Mas was playing. Larry Page once crossed half the world to beg for mercy from him. At that time, Li Mu was open and aboveboard in front of Larry Page. He explained all his schemes clearly, scaring Larry Page and all the shareholders of Google into submission.

Since it was an overt scheme, Li Mu didn't care how many people would know about it. It didn't matter even if the whole world knew that he wanted to blackmail Google.

However, although Roland Mas also came to Hua Xia to apologize like Larry Page, it was a conspiracy carefully designed by Li Mu for Mars.

Since it was a conspiracy, Li Mu subconsciously felt that it was natural to be more vigilant. Even in his own office, he couldn't take it lightly.

Roland Mas wanted to scheme against Li Mu, but he didn't know that Li Mu was also scheming against him. He saw that Li Mu was extremely cautious, so he couldn't help but change his approach. He said to Li Mu, "Mr. Li, to be honest, we really shouldn't have pushed the responsibility of losing the auction to Makino Technology in front of the media. This matter is entirely Mars' responsibility, and it's also my poor management. Here, on behalf of all the members of the Mars board of directors, I apologize to you!"

Li Mu smiled and deliberately said politely, "Oh, Mr. Mas, look at what you're saying. For this kind of thing, you can just make a phone call. Why come all the way to Hua Xia?"

Roland Mas's expression froze. He looked at Li Mu and said in surprise, "Mr. Lee, didn't you say you wanted me to apologize?"

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh and said, "Mr. Mas, apologizing is a Hua Xia idiom. Although such a story has happened in history, later generations only used this idiom to describe sincere apologies."

Roland Mas said helplessly, "Mr. Lee, I'm not from Hua Xia. I don't know much about Hua Xia culture. I thought you really wanted me to apologize, so I rushed over."

Li Mu said indifferently, "Mr. Mas, the bidding is a small matter after all. You and I don't have to worry too much about it. It'll be over after we talk about it. There's no need to make this trip."

Roland Mas despised Li Mu. In his opinion, Li Mu was the most hypocritical person in the world. He had angrily forced him to come to Hua Xia to apologize to him. Now that his own people were here, he said such words. It was shameless.

However, Roland Mas didn't dare to show any dissatisfaction. He hurriedly said, "Li Zong is open-minded and admirable. I hope we can turn over this unpleasant chapter. I also hope that Mars can bury the hatchet and cooperate with Makino Technology in the future."

Li Mu nodded without hesitation and said sincerely, "Of course, of course!"

Seeing that the time was almost ripe, Roland Mas brought the topic back again. He looked at Li Mu with certainty and said, "Mr. Lee, since Titter banned our official account, we have lost a media channel to promote ourselves. Titter's keyword blocking has also caused us a lot of losses. In addition, there is the negative news that Titter deliberately released, which has brought us too much pressure. So I still beg Mr. Lee to restore our official account and deal with those false rumors."

After Roland Mas finished speaking, he looked at Li Mu expectantly, waiting for his answer.

Li Mu looked at Roland Mas at this time. He didn't know why, but he felt that Roland Mas's expression was a little nervous.

Li Mu didn't care and continued his performance. He smiled and said, "Mr. Mas, since you held a press conference on behalf of Mars and publicly admitted your mistake to Makino Technology and expressed your apology, then your official account can be restored at any time. You can rest assured about this."

Roland Mas nodded hurriedly and then asked, "Mr. Lee, can the negative news be solved?"

At this point, Roland Mas decided not to beat around the bush with Li Mu and went straight to the point. "Mr. Lee, previously, Titter has been blocking all Mars keywords. Whether it is us or ordinary netizens, as long as we have posted a post containing Mars content, it will be immediately deleted or hidden. However, there was a false article that slandered Mars that could always bypass all the blocked keywords and appeared unaffected. This has brought a great impact on our reputation, so I sincerely beg you to stop the use of this algorithm so that Mars can gradually restore its reputation.

After hearing Roland Mass's words, Li Mu pretended to be dumb and said, "Mr. Mass, I've never heard of this matter."

Roland Mas naturally knew that Li Mu was pretending to be ignorant, so he hurriedly pleaded sincerely, "Mr. Lee, this matter has brought a huge negative impact on Mars. I hope you can help solve it. Thank you very much!"

Li Mu nodded with a smile and said, "Mr. Mas, you don't have to be so polite. We are all friends. I will definitely help with such a small matter. I will arrange for someone to check it later to see if it is really like what you said. If it is, we will definitely find a way to solve it."

Roland Mas was overjoyed when he heard this. No matter what, he was here to solve the problem. His first request was to solve the problem, and his second was to find something to use against Li Mu. If Li Mu could really solve the negative news, it would be a great thing for Mars.

Just as Roland Mas was about to heave a sigh of relief, Li Mu suddenly said, "Mr. Mas, speaking of which, Weibo Titter is a very open and fair online platform. Every user has the right to express their own views. Therefore, if users have the right to praise you, they also have the right to criticize you. Don't you think so?"

Roland Mas did not expect Li Mu to suddenly change his attitude. He hurriedly said, "Mr. Lee, users can criticize Mars, but there must be evidence. Otherwise, it will be slander!"

Li Mu nodded and said seriously, "That's true. There must be evidence to criticize. Otherwise, it will be slander!"

"That's right!" Roland Mas said indignantly, "It is slander!"

At this time, Li Mu revealed a harmless smile and said, "Mr. Mas, defamation is a crime. Logically speaking, it should be defined and prosecuted by the law enforcement agency. In the end, I'm just a platform, not a court of any country. How can I care whether others have committed defamation or not?"

Roland Mas did not expect Li Mu to suddenly say such a thing. He was speechless.

Li Mu saw that Roland Mas was stunned, so he deliberately asked him, "Mr. Mas, someone is slandering you everywhere. You should go to court to sue. Don't you think it's a little strange that you came to me?"

Roland Mas looked at Li Mu's extremely serious expression and was furious. He naturally knew that the negative news was deliberately released by Weibo Titter. It might even be secretly manipulated by Li Mu. However, Li Mu's sudden answer to him felt like a hard punch on cotton.

Thus, Roland Mas could only say, "Mr. Li, most of these rumors appeared on Weibo Titter. We have sufficient reason to believe that this is a deliberate act of discrediting Mars. I hope you can prove Mars' innocence based on your sense of justice."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I've read the article you mentioned. It lists many cases of problems with Mars' products. I would like to ask Mr. Mas, are those cases in the article true or false?"

"This …" Roland Mas looked at Li Mu awkwardly and said ambiguously, "Those are some isolated incidents that are not representative. In fact, our Mars' products have always been in the forefront of the industry."

Li Mu spread his hands and said, "Mr. Mas, what I do is only a platform for everyone to interact and entertain themselves online. As for what the users on the platform say, I don't care, nor do I have the right to ask. Do you think a hotel has the right to control when its guests do that kind of thing, who they do it with, and what kind of posture they use?"

Roland Mas saw that Li Mu had kept this matter under wraps and could not help but feel a little anxious. Putting aside the recording pen in his pocket, his most important thing this time was to admit defeat to Li Mu and solve Mars' current big problem. However, he had already admitted defeat to Li Mu, but Li Mu was not willing to help Mars solve the problem. This was a little unacceptable.

Thus, Roland Mas could not help but say, "Mr. Li, I came all the way here to express my apology. Shouldn't you show some sincerity too?"

The corners of Li Mu's mouth curled up slightly. "Don't worry, Mr. Mas. Let's put this matter aside first. I have a few internal materials here, and each of them has some problems. I was worried that I couldn't find a good solution. You are knowledgeable and have so many years of experience leading Mars. Do you want to take a look and give me some advice?"

Roland Mas immediately sat up straight and said, "Mr. Lee, as long as you can show some sincerity, I will do my best."

Li Mu smiled and handed one of the prepared materials to Roland Mas. He said with a smile, "Look, Mr. Mas, this is the earliest public service project I did. It's called 3321. Recently, there have been some problems with this project. We want to encourage college students across the country to use their holidays to teach in remote areas, but we don't want them to waste their passion, so we hope to give them enough benefits as support. At the same time, we also hope to build some new teaching buildings in remote areas. However, as you know, our 3321 is a non-profit organization, so we don't have extra money to improve the benefits of teaching students. This part of the funding gap is at least ten to twenty million US dollars. What do you think I should do?"

After Li Mu finished speaking, he looked at Roland Mas with a smile, looking forward to his answer …

Roland Mas looked at Li Mu's unfathomable smile and finally understood what Li Mu was up to.

It turned out that in the beginning, it was Mars who blackmailed Li Mu, but now, it was Li Mu who blackmailed Mars!