Chapter 644

Li Mu was afraid that something might have happened to Su Yingxue, so he couldn't get in touch with her. Li Mu could only call her dormitory's landline. Although he could get through to the landline, no one picked up.

Li Mu wanted to find the contact information of Su Yingxue's roommate, "Zhi", who went to Lama Temple with her. Li Mu knew that her real name was Cai Zhi, but they were just acquaintances. He didn't have her phone number at all, so Li Mu immediately called Dong Ai and asked her to help him find Cai Zhi's phone number from the Student Union's archives.

The senior cadres of the National People's Congress Student Union often bought some school and daily necessities from outside the school to sell to the junior students, so they must be able to find Cai Zhi's phone number.

When Dong Ai heard that Li Mu wanted her to help him find a girl's phone number, she couldn't help but ask him, "Don't tell me you've fallen in love with another girl?"

Li Mu said, "What do you mean by 'again'? Who did I fall in love with before?"

As he said that, he hurriedly urged, "I have an urgent matter. Hurry up and help me check it. The sooner the better."

Dong Ai heard the anxiety in Li Mu's words, so she nodded and said, "Wait a minute, I'll check it for you right away."

Two minutes later, Dong Ai sent a string of phone numbers to Li Mu via text message. In the past two minutes, Li Mu called Su Yingxue several times, but he still couldn't get through. His mood had become more and more anxious as the number of calls failed.

After receiving the number from Dong Ai, Li Mu immediately dialed the number. The call was quickly connected. A woman picked up and asked, "Hello, who is this?"

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "Is Cai Zhi?

I'm Li Mu. Is Su Yingxue with you? "

However, the other party said, "I'm sorry, I'm not the owner of the plane. I'm a policeman from the Drum Tower Police Station in the western district of the city. The owner of the plane is currently being treated at Shuitan Hospital. Are you her friend or family?"

Resuscitation?

Li Mu's heart instantly tensed up, and he hurriedly asked, "What happened?"

The other party said, "The owner was hit by a car while crossing the road. The situation is quite dangerous now."

Li Mu hurriedly asked, "What about the other girl with her?

Is there something wrong with her? "

The other party said, "You're talking about that little girl surnamed Su, right?

She's treating her wound in the debridement room. It's a little bruised, but she's fine. "

Li Mu blurted out, "F * ck!" Then he asked, "Is it Waterpool Hospital?"

"Yes, Waterpool Hospital's emergency department."

Li Mu hung up the phone, grabbed the keys, and ran out. Although the policewoman on the phone said that Su Yingxue was fine, Li Mu was still very unsure. He drove like crazy and went straight to Waterpool Hospital on the side of Second Ring Road.

Waterpool Hospital was one of the most famous hospitals in Beijing. Li Mu knew its specific location, so he quickly drove there. He pulled over to the side of the emergency department entrance, got out of the car, and ran inside.

A security guard rushed over and shouted, "Hello, you can't park here!"

Li Mu threw the car key at him and said, "I'm sorry, sir. I have something urgent to do. Please help me move it!"

The security guard barely caught the key in a panic and said anxiously, "I don't know how to drive!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Mu had already run in.

The security guard was helpless. He went out to look at Li Mu's rare Benz and carefully looked at the location where Li Mu parked. Although it was a prohibited area, Li Mu deliberately pulled over when he parked, so it did not affect the passage of other vehicles. The security guard could only sigh helplessly and guard the car with the car key.

Li Mu rushed all the way into the corridor of the emergency department, looking everywhere for the location of the debridement room. He finally found an inconspicuous small sign with the words "Debridement Room" written on it. As soon as Li Mu arrived, Su Yingxue ran out from inside.

The nurse behind was still shouting, "Hey, girl, don't worry. You haven't had your tetanus shot yet …"

Su Yingxue walked out without looking back and happened to bump into Li Mu. Her red eyes were full of surprise.

At this moment, Li Mu looked at Su Yingxue. He was so distressed that he could not speak. Her entire right arm, from the upper arm to the elbow to the forearm, were abrasions, and they were large abrasions. The abrasions on the elbow were the most serious, and it was almost bloody.

However, seeing that Su Yingxue seemed to have only suffered superficial injuries, Li Mu's heart was finally at ease. He let out a long sigh of relief.

When she saw Li Mu, Su Yingxue could not bear it anymore. She plunged into Li Mu's arms and sobbed sorrowfully. About two or three seconds later, Li Mu asked her in a low voice, "What happened?"

Just as Su Yingxue was about to speak, the nurse who had been silent all this while said, "Miss, do a tetanus injection first. I'll treat your wound and prescribe a tube of ointment for you. You'll be fine soon. It won't take long."

Su Yingxue shook her head and said to Li Mu, "I have to go to the emergency room and guard it."

Li Mu nodded slightly and said to the nurse, "I'll bring her over later."

The nurse hesitated slightly but still nodded and said, "As soon as possible. The tetanus shot has to be given within 24 hours. The earlier, the better. Also, the injury on her elbow has affected the cartilage. It's quite serious …"

Li Mu nodded. At this time, Su Yingxue had already pulled him to the emergency room. Li Mu knew that it was useless to persuade her at this time. After all, Cai Zhi was still in the emergency room, so he accompanied her to the emergency room and continued to ask.

Standing in front of the emergency room, Su Yingxue hugged Li Mu tightly with her left hand and said while sobbing, "When the light turned green, I crossed the road with Cai Zhi. Because I was texting you, I walked two steps slower. Suddenly, a car ran the red light at a very fast speed and hit Cai Zhi right in front of me …"

After hearing this, Li Mu's heart, which had just calmed down, became anxious again. If Su Yingxue had been hit by a speeding car, it would not be a small matter. If her bones or internal organs were injured, it would be a big problem. So he hurriedly asked, "Did the car hit you?"

"No."

Su Yingxue shook her head. "Cai Zhi was just two steps in front of me. The car drove right in front of me, but it was still a few centimeters away from me. But Cai Zhi …"

At this point, Su Yingxue sobbed again. "Cai Zhi was hit by that car right in front of me …"

Li Mu hurriedly patted her back and comforted her. "Don't worry too much. She'll be fine."

As he said that, Li Mu frowned and thought of a question. He asked her, "The car didn't hit you. How did you get hurt?"

Su Yingxue choked and said, "The driver wanted to run. I pulled him to stop him, so he pushed me hard and ran away after pushing me down …"

"F * ck!" Li Mu's brain buzzed, and he was furious. "Your injury was caused by the driver?

He f * cking ran away?! "

Under his questioning, Li Mu finally figured out the whole thing. After listening to the whole story, Li Mu felt like he was being burned by an evil fire. He wanted nothing more than to personally tear apart the driver who caused the accident, whom he had never met before.

Just as Su Yingxue had said, the reason why she went to Lama Temple with Cai Zhi today was because Cai Zhi's father was sick and hospitalized. Cai Zhi came here to burn incense and ask for a Medicine Scripture amulet to give to her father. When she prayed to Buddha, she even made a wish to Buddha in her heart. She also promised that if her father recovered, she would come back to fulfill her wish. Later, when her father recovered and was discharged from the hospital, she wanted to come back to fulfill her wish during the holidays. Coincidentally, Su Yingxue hadn't left yet, so she dragged Su Yingxue along with her.

Su Yingxue was rarely superstitious, but she was influenced by Cai Zhi at Lama Temple, so she asked for a protective amulet from Li Mu. She felt that it was useless, but it was her wish anyway. After the two left Lama Temple, Su Yingxue sent Li Mu that text, wanting to arrange a time to meet him and give him the protective amulet.

However, tragedy happened in the next second. Because Su Yingxue lowered her head to send a text, her footsteps were two beats slower than Cai Zhi's, and she narrowly escaped. According to her, when Cai Zhi was hit from the side, he wasn't sent flying. Instead, he rolled and hit the windshield of the car, forming a second impact. The impact was so strong that the windshield cracked. Then, Cai Zhi fell to the side of the road, and it was unknown whether he was dead or alive. The car that hit him lost control and crashed into a green belt by the side of the road before it came to a stop.

Seeing the sudden change, Su Yingxue instinctively ran to the unconscious Cai Zhi. She didn't even know how she sent the text in her hand. At that time, Cai Zhi was already vomiting blood and fainting on the road. In a panic, Su Yingxue called 120. At that moment, the driver who caused the accident hid there and didn't dare to come out. He looked at Su Yingxue and Cai Zhi as he called 120.

A moment later, seeing the driver open the car door, Su Yingxue instinctively went up to question him. She didn't expect the driver to get out of the car and escape. Su Yingxue instinctively grabbed onto the driver to prevent him from escaping. She fell to the ground after being pushed by him, and the outer side of her right arm was severely scratched on the asphalt road full of small pebbles. Seeing the driver escape, Su Yingxue couldn't care less about the pain and wanted to call 110. However, when the driver saw this, he turned around and snatched away Su Yingxue's phone. He threw the phone to the ground and watched it shatter into pieces before turning to escape.

By the time Su Yingxue got up with difficulty, the driver who caused the accident had already disappeared. Su Yingxue could only take Cai Zhi's phone and call the police.

More than ten minutes later, 120 arrived. At that time, 120 did not send the ambulance from Shuitan Hospital, but the nearest Yan Jing Sixth Hospital near Lama Temple. As a result, the emergency doctor of Sixth Hospital saw that Cai Zhi's situation was critical and knew that it would be difficult for his hospital to deal with it, so he directly asked the driver to send Cai Zhi to Shuitan Hospital three kilometers away. Su Yingxue also followed the ambulance to the hospital.

As for Cai Zhi's phone, it was in Su Yingxue's hands at first. Later, it was taken away by the policewoman who rushed to the scene. She asked her colleague to drive the ambulance to Shuitan Hospital while using Cai Zhi's phone to call her parents.

When Li Mu heard this, he was furious. The driver who caused the accident was too arrogant!

It was simply lawless to the point of being out of control!

He held his breath in his heart and only wanted to find the driver who caused the accident and bring him to justice no matter what!

At this time, a policewoman in her thirties quickly walked in front of Su Yingxue and said, "Little Su, the driver who caused the accident has turned himself in to the Western District Branch. Our colleague wants to invite you to go and identify the suspect and record a statement. Why don't you go with us?"

Su Yingxue glanced at the door of the emergency room and couldn't help but ask, "Can I go later?"