Chapter 785

In Li Mu's heart, he welcomed Lei Jianguo to stand with him, but not Outstanding Website. Therefore, he had to make Lei Jianguo realize that Outstanding Website's only option was to make a move. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to survive even one round in the hands of Taobao.

When Lei Jianguo heard Li Mu's threats, he was shocked.

Ever since Li Mu started to make a name for himself, the netizens had realized the importance of a closed loop and ecological chain. This was Li Mu's greatest strength, and also the greatest threat to his competitors.

When everyone was just a group of infantrymen, his ecological chain was like a three-in-one firepower network of land, sea, and air. He could send infantrymen to engage in close combat, but most of the time, he could also directly dispatch armored units to coordinate with them, or first provide artillery support before letting the infantrymen come up to clean up the battlefield. If he was more ruthless, he could directly send airplanes to blow up the enemy's entire army, and he wouldn't even need to send out his own infantrymen.

It was too easy for Li Mu to destroy Outstanding Website now. Outstanding Website was a vertical platform with a single structure and lacked support. In Li Mu's eyes, it had no resistance at all. Accepting Li Mu's acquisition was its best option.

Although Lei Jianguo was very clear about the reality, he couldn't help but curse Li Mu in his heart. He was really too ruthless in his actions.

Although he was angry, Lei Jianguo still said politely, "I have understood Li Zong's offer. I will meet with the company's shareholders this weekend. If there are any concrete results, I will inform you as soon as possible."

Cult Master Lei could not make the decision on the Web of Excellence, especially since Li Mu's offer was so low. He had to communicate with the major shareholders in depth. That was why Cult Master Lei had to make the offer.

Li Mu nodded. This was his only offer for Outstanding Website. If he couldn't get it, then he'd do it. Then, he immediately changed his expression and tone into a relaxed one. He smiled and said, "CEO Lei, let's stop here on Outstanding Website. We can talk about other things later. What do you think of the current internet industry?"

Lei Jianguo smiled a little awkwardly. "Li Zong, your understanding of the internet is definitely deeper than mine. I wouldn't dare to show off in front of an expert like you."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "CEO Lei, you don't have to be so humble. The internet itself is a kaleidoscope. Different views can be seen from different angles. Up until now, my position in the internet industry is more inclined towards platform and operation. But Jinshan is different. Jinshan is a research and development company with software development as its core. I want to know, what do you think of the future of a company like Jinshan?"

Lei Jianguo nodded lightly and said confidently, "I'm still very optimistic about Jinshan's future. Our software sales continue to grow steadily, and our market share is getting higher and higher. I believe that as the domestic government and netizens pay more attention to copyright, Jinshan's future will also get bigger and bigger."

Li Mu looked at Lei Jianguo and asked him in a very playful manner, "Is that really the case?"

"Yes …" Lei Jianguo didn't know why, but he felt a little creeped out by Li Mu's stare. He was originally very confident, but he didn't expect that he would need to muster up the courage to say the word "yes" at this time.

Li Mu smiled mysteriously and didn't say anything else.

Before an industry was subverted, no one except the subverter would encounter the moment of subversion.

Steve Jobs's iPhone was like that to the mobile phone industry, and Zhou Hongyi's 360 was like that to the security software market.

Currently, the Hua Xia security software market, and even the international security software market, was following the most traditional route of "selling software." The development and maintenance of security software, especially anti-virus software, itself was a large-scale project with a huge investment. After investing a lot of manpower and material resources to develop a product, the only thing that everyone thought about was how to sell more and make more money. No one would even think about it. Imagine what would happen if it was free.

At this time, if someone said that security software could be completely free forever, they would definitely be regarded as a big idiot in the Internet industry. However, when Zhou Hongyi decided to break the deadlock, he found a way to make security software permanently free. Then, it was almost equivalent to dropping several nuclear bombs in the security software industry, directly forcing the entire industry to reshuffle.

Zhou Hongyi's vision was a level higher than most security software companies. Most security software companies only made security software to sell for money, but he found a deeper meaning of using security software to occupy home computer desktops and Internet traffic. This was basically the same as Li Mu's motive for making Mango-ME without making a single cent. It was not to make money from a certain product itself, but to make money from a deeper derivative level.

As soon as the free security software appeared, it immediately had the most abnormal golden finger. It was always successful in the entire industry. Zhou Hongyi used the free security software to grab hundreds of millions of users. What she got was the computer desktop, the PC software market, the PC software distribution market, the PC browser market, and then the mobile phone security software market, the mobile phone software distribution market, the search market, and the hardware market.

What was worth mentioning was the distribution market. To put it bluntly, the distribution market was to recommend all kinds of software to users. Other than promoting their own products, they could also charge fees to promote other users' products. This was amazing. The PC side of the 360 Software Butler was the largest PC game distribution market in the country. The profit margin was huge. 360 Mobile Assistant was the top three mobile application distribution markets. There was also a huge profit margin in this market.

Li Mu did not consider touching the security software market now, but once the time was ripe and he had enough energy, he would definitely create free security software before Zhou Hongyi established 360, or directly invest in Zhou Hongyi to establish 360. At that time, he would make use of YY's strong market share to directly occupy the domestic home computer desktops.

In the future, if one wanted to be invincible in the mobile Internet era, not only would they need a super app like WeChat, they would also need application distribution platforms like 360 Mobile Assistant and 91 Mobile Assistant. Therefore, security software would definitely be involved in the future, and it would definitely disrupt the industry.

Li Mu was very clear about the future direction of security software development, but Lei Jun, who was sitting opposite him, could not foresee this. He only instinctively felt that there was a conspiracy in Li Mu's smile just now!

There was definitely a conspiracy!

The more Lei Jun thought about it, the more he felt that something was wrong!

First of all, why would Li Mu ask his opinion on the future of Jinshan?

What motive?

Could it be that he wanted to make security software?

Or did he have a new perspective on the future of security software?

Also!

His answer was very conservative. It was inevitable that there would be more and more users who respected intellectual property rights, and it was also inevitable that there would be more and more genuine users. Jinshan's income would also increase, so was it inevitable that it was not natural?

That was the truth. Why did this kid have to smile so strangely?

What made Lei Jun even more confused was …

Why didn't Li Mu say anything?

Why?

Do you think I'm right?

Or do you think I'm naive?

If you think I'm right, you shouldn't have that weird smile and then shut up.

If you think I'm naive, do you have a different view on the future of the security software industry?

Could it be that I was wrong to say that there would be more and more genuine users?

But that shouldn't be the case!

Right now, pirated users accounted for 70% to 80% of the users. If it continued to go downhill, what would happen to everyone else?!

If the genuine users continued to decrease, domestic security companies such as Jinshan, Jiang Min, and Rui Xing would all go out of business.

Because domestic security software was the most embarrassing. Overseas competition was too fierce. Norton, McAfee, Finn Security, Panda Guard, Kaspersky … They had a fairly stable genuine market overseas. They had a place to sell their products, so they could survive. Even if the Hua Xia market did not make money, they would not stop updating their products. However, domestic security software companies did not have an overseas market. If they were all wiped out in the domestic market, there would be nothing left for them to play with.

However, was this possible?

This was against the law of the market!

Seeing that Li Mu did not speak, Lei Jun felt a little anxious. If it was someone else who gave such a performance, he would definitely scoff and strengthen his belief. However, Li Mu's words really made him a little nervous.

Li Mu's strength was there for all to see. Many people in the Internet industry were shocked again and again by the way he did things. They exclaimed that the Internet could be used this way. His vision and understanding of the Internet were unquestionable. Was there really a potential crisis in the security software market that they had not seen?

Thinking of this, Lei Jun could not help but ask Li Mu, "Why aren't you speaking, Li Zong?

Do you have a different opinion about what I said just now? "

Li Mu scratched his head and deliberately covered it up. He laughed and said, "No, no, I was thinking about something else just now."

As he spoke, Li Mu deliberately changed the topic and asked Lei Jianguo, "Mr. Lei, Jinshan has always been planning to go public, right?

What's the future? "

Lei Jianguo did not understand why Li Mu covered up his strange reaction and changed the topic. However, he still said very honestly, "Jinshan has indeed been planning to go public, but it seems to be a little difficult at the moment."

Li Mu secretly thought that it was more than a little difficult. Everyone knew that Jinshan went public eight years ago. They persisted until 2007 before going public. Moreover, when they went public, online games accounted for more than 60% of their sales, more than double that of the software. It could be said that the success of Jinshan going public was mostly due to the online games business. Otherwise, with Jinshan's revenue in the software market, it would have been a long time before they went public.

Thinking of this, Li Mu deliberately asked Lei Jianguo, "Mr. Lei, can Jinshan go public within three years?"

Lei Jianguo nodded. "Definitely."

However, Li Mu said, "To be honest, I don't think it's possible."

Five years, which was 2005. Wouldn't go public in 2005?

Lei Jianguo was quite dissatisfied with Li Mu's argument.

Therefore, he could not help but ask, "What makes Li Zong so pessimistic about Jinshan?"

Li Mu laughed and waved his hand. He said seriously, "No, no. It's not that I'm pessimistic about Jinshan. I'm just more optimistic about myself."