Chapter 1801

At the end of the movie, the audience, both men and women, were moved to tears.

Li Mu also secretly wiped his tears several times. When he watched this movie, he saw more than just a movie. He saw the history of the Chinese people's bloody struggle, the tenacious and unyielding national spirit of the Chinese people, and the great contributions made by countless veterans for the country.

After watching this movie, he could see the great root of the Hua Xia civilization.

In the face of national crisis, whether it was the soldiers of this country or the people of this country, they would put life and death aside and put national righteousness above their lives.

The soldiers would not hesitate to die for the country, and the people would not hesitate to pick up their guns and rush to the battlefield. Even the old, weak, women, and children who could not go to the battlefield would do their best to help the country resist foreign enemies.

This was the real reason why the Hua Xia civilization had stood for five thousand years!

Li Mu had seen many movies about World War II.

He dared not say that Flying Tigers could be the most exciting of them, but it would not be a problem for it to be in the top five.

And its production level could definitely be ranked first.

As for the level of the script, cast, filming, post-production, and editing, all of these added together, it could definitely be ranked among the top war movies.

Li Mu had always felt that movies were like fighting the landlord. There were countless combinations, and it was not enough to just look at one point.

For example, a lot of bombs might not necessarily be a good hand, and a good hand might not necessarily win. Even a hand full of bombs might lose.

Sometimes, the landlord did not have a single bomb in his hand, but a five in a row could directly use up all his cards.

He felt that Flying Tigers was the latter.

Similarly, compared to the similar movies directed by Spielberg, the plot and tone of Schindler's List were too depressing, and many audiences could not accept it. Saving Private Ryan, on the other hand, had slightly more bloody scenes. From the beginning of the Normandy landings, the plot and the camera had been advancing on the ground.

Battles on the ground were cruel to begin with. Bullets and cannonballs of all calibers bombarded the ground. Corpses and severed limbs littered the ground. Compared to naval battles, aerial battles were not as realistic. Be it the sea or the sky, the background was much grander, and the angle of view was much higher. Naturally, it gave people a feeling of grandeur.

This was also the reason why the movie "" had brainwashed countless hot-blooded youths.

With the sea below them and the sky above them, as long as the visual presentation of the movie was good, even if the plot was terrible, it would still attract a large number of viewers.

Take a look at "Top Gun". The plot itself was a terrible story. The ace pilot did not train properly. Instead, he went against his superiors and acted as a maverick. At the same time, he did not forget to show off and pick up girls.

For viewers who were not from the Air Force, after watching this movie, they would feel that the Air Force pilots were simply too cool. The F14 was too cool!

For a serious pilot, after watching it, they would only have one thought: WTF?

We are almost the most physically and psychologically demanding soldier in the world. Do you think that we are all stupid high school students with a high school IQ?

Any fighter pilot would be piloting a fighter plane that cost hundreds of millions of dollars or even hundreds of millions of US dollars. A pilot who went against his superiors every day would inevitably be grounded indefinitely. You still want to be 'Top Gun'? Go wipe the plane obediently in the hangar.

This was also why "Top Gun" was criticized by professional American film critics as a gaudy MTV movie. The movie did not care about the plot or logic. It only cared about whether you were handsome or cool.

It was one thing for the best pilot to be a prick and be busy flirting with girls every day, but the key point was that during the training process, the best pilot had accidentally entered the wake of the aircraft in front of him, causing the engine of his plane to stop, and he was unable to change out of the horizontal spiral, causing the plane to crash.

You are the top pilot!

You crashed the plane because of your own mistake. To do such a stupid thing, you must be a top pilot sent by a hostile country, right?

What was even funnier was that there was a special-class pilot who piloted an F14. He tried to make the plane enter a horizontal spiral according to the plot and then shoot this scene.

In the end, the special-class pilot did not manage to change out of the plane. He really took the F14 and received his bento box.

So, an elite pilot sacrificed his life to recreate the silly plot written by the silly screenwriter. How high could the standard of such a movie be?

What was even worse was that in the movie, Tom Cruise pretended to make the plane unable to change out of the plane. Then, he ejected with his comrade, but his comrade hit the cover of the plane and received his bento box in the movie.

This was the most advanced fighter plane in the United States at that time. The pilot was killed by the cover when he ejected. Was it really good to ruin one's own country's top weapon?

In the end, with the death of his comrade, the ace pilot played by Tom Cruise suddenly woke up and finally grew into an even better top pilot.

This f * cking plot was not much different from the anti-Japanese war drama. In the end, it could still attract a large number of young fans. So, it could be seen that in the 1980s, Tom Cruise was already a top celebrity. No matter what kind of bad movie a top celebrity made, there would be people who would follow him.

Just like "The Last Samurai", this plot was also embarrassing. It took real historical figures and gave them a completely fictitious plot to make a movie that praised the spirit of samurai.

Not to mention that Japan had been using cannons and other firearms since the era of Oda Nobunaga, but in the end, during the Meiji Restoration in the movie, the samurai were actually still using pure cold weapons.

Moreover, a samurai leader, for the sake of the spirit of samurai, gathered troops, fought against the country, and blocked the country's technological and policy progress. In the end, he was praised as a hero. What the f * ck was this if not bullshit?

If this was in the history of Hua Xia, what was the difference between this protagonist and Zhang Xun who supported the restoration of Pu Yi?

If a movie praising Zhang Xun was made in Hua Xia, it would definitely be scolded to death by the people of Hua Xia. But why didn't the Japanese audience have this awareness?

Combined with Japan's habit of distorting history and covering up history, it could be seen that the Japanese people were at least far worse than the people of Hua Xia in terms of the correct understanding of history.

Compared with these movies, "Flying Tigers" was not only a lot better in terms of graphics, special effects, and visual and auditory effects, but even the story background and plot settings respected history to a large extent. When creating several core characters, there was no subjective and deliberate personal items added.

In terms of background, the history of Japan's invasion of Hua Xia was completely real. The history of the Flying Tigers helping China in the War of Resistance was completely real. The history of Hua Xia pilots fighting side by side with American pilots and resisting the Japanese Air Force in the central and southwestern regions was also real.

Chen Nault coming to China to help China was real. It was also true that he helped Hua Xia recruit and train pilots and purchase fighter jets to form the Flying Tigers.

It was also true that the Flying Tigers resisted the Japanese Air Force in the early stages, and later disbanded and reorganized with the US Air Force and Hua Xia Air Force to form a task force.

The task force opened up the Hump Route, escorted the transport plane over the Himalayas, and transported aid to Hua Xia was also true.

Even during the War of Resistance in Hua Xia, there were more than one case of American Flying Tigers falling in love with and marrying women from Hua Xia. Chen Nault's wife, Chen Xiangmei, later became a well-known Chinese woman in the United States. She was also a world-famous overseas Chinese leader and was once very active in the US politics.

The whole story revolved around this real history. It could be said that every plot and every scene fully respected the real history.

The degree of respect for history could be compared to that of "Saving Private Ryan." The background of the story of "Saving Private Ryan" was the European battlefield. From the Normandy landing to the US Airborne Division penetrating the enemy's rear, all of this history was real.

The original character of Ryan was indeed four brothers. At that time, the US government received news of the death of his three brothers and decided to let him go home alive no matter what.

The only difference was that one of the real brothers was later confirmed to be captured by the Japanese army and survived in the end.

Just like Flying Tigers, it fully respected history and carried out subtle modifications based on the original characters for film and television.

This was hundreds of miles ahead of "The Last Samurai".

The characters in "Flying Tigers" also fully respected the real history.

First of all, Chen Nault did come to Hua Xia for money. The pilots recruited by Chen Nault were also like mercenaries, fighting for money in Hua Xia. There was no superfluous beautification or embellishment in the movie, but Chen Nault and these American pilots did emerge a stronger and stronger sense of justice in the war to aid China. From fighting purely for money to fighting partly for money and partly for justice.

In contrast, in "The Last Samurai", a retired US officer went to Japan to help the Emperor of Japan train the Japanese army and eliminate the conservative samurai forces. In the end, this guy took other people's money and had no professional integrity. First, he killed a general in the samurai camp, then after being captured by the samurai camp, he became a fucking traitor!

What was even more ridiculous was that this guy betrayed the enemy, and in the end, he hooked up with the wife of the samurai general he killed.

What the hell?

You killed her husband, and she's with you. You two have been adulterous for a long time, right?

Otherwise, how could this be justified?

With the protagonist's halo, the protagonist killed the female lead's husband, and the female lead still wants to be with him?

Secondly, there were countless Hua Xia pilots like Liu Ye during World War II.

There were too many Hua Xia pilots who sacrificed their lives for the country. They put their lives aside to protect their country, their people, their land, and their compatriots. In order to protect them, the pilots would rather shed their blood.

Their bravery, their greatness, was even greater than the character that Liu Ye created.

It could be said that although Liu Ye was a fictional character, what he did and said in the movie was a true portrayal of countless revolutionary martyrs.

Looking at the group of brainless samurai in "The Last Samurai", they were like a group of bandits who occupied a mountain.

At that time, their country was undergoing reform and opening up, imitating the West to develop industry and economy. In the end, this group of samurai occupied the mountain and acted like kings. Every day, they talked about the samurai spirit. Not only did they not contribute to the country, but they also did not care about human affairs. They sharpened their swords and went down the mountain to fight against the country's army, saying that they were defending the dignity of the samurai. Wasn't this a crime of treason?

Did you think it was killing you just because I asked you to cut your braids?

You carried a katana and a bow and risked your life against the country?

You're probably poisonous.

And Tom Cruise, this person betrayed his employer and sided with his employer's enemy. This was simply the greatest insult to "professional ethics."

What was the difference between a traitor and a traitor to their country and a movie that would move the heavens and earth? What was the difference between this and pulling Pan Jinlian and Ximen Qing out to make a movie that would move the heavens and earth?

Compared to "Flying Tigers", the overall standard of this movie was at least a few streets worse!