Chapter 1043

"Li Mu?

Who is Li Mu?

Who is Li Mu? "

Dustin looked at Mark Zuckerberg in surprise.

Mark Zuckerberg said, "It's Hua Xia, the founder of Makino Technology. Not only did he create Makino Technology, but also Makino Games, which developed and operated Paradise Town, is also his company."

"Oh!" Dustin's eyes widened dramatically and he asked him, "Why did you invite him?"

Mark Zuckerberg said seriously, "Li Mu is my idol. I really admire him, so I look forward to meeting him."

Dustin couldn't help but ask, "Then how are you going to invite him?

Since he is so powerful, I'm afraid it's impossible for ordinary people to establish direct contact with him, right? "

"I can send him an email, or send an email to his company!"

Mark Zuckerberg suddenly perked up and said excitedly, "Harvard is the best university in the world. If he is invited to give a speech at Harvard, he should not refuse."

Dustin said awkwardly, "Even if he doesn't refuse, you can't invite him on behalf of Harvard. Can you get past the school?"

Mark Zuckerberg said, "I can talk to the school first. I can say that I have a way to invite Li Mu to give a speech. If the school has no objection, I can ask the school to authorize me to send an invitation to Li Mu. In this way, I can invite him on behalf of Harvard!"

Speaking of this, Mark Zuckerberg said excitedly, "He is in the United States now. If Harvard officially invites him, I believe he will make time to come!

Dustin said seriously, "Listen, brother, I don't mean to hurt you. If you boast to the school, what if you don't succeed in the end? How will you explain it to the school?"

Mark Zuckerberg smiled and said, "Isn't it simple?

I said that although Li Mu wants to come, he is too busy and can't make time.

Anyway, the school has nothing to lose. What they have done from beginning to end is to allow me to use the school's name to invite Li Mu. "

"My God."

Dustin couldn't help but exclaim, "Kid, you're so smart. You even included the school in your calculations."

Mark Zuckerberg smiled embarrassedly and said, "Just keep it to yourself. Don't tell anyone else."

Dustin nodded. "Don't worry, leave it to me."

…

As time went by, the influence of the highest ranking school belle in the United States continued to expand. On the second day, it became a hot topic in the United States.

Li Mu didn't expect the American media to vigorously report on his activities, but he didn't expect the influence of the National School Belle List to be so great. It almost made the headlines of more than half of the American media overnight.

The headlines of the media were all different, but most of them were in awe of the competition.

For example: Hua Xia's Internet Company Creates the Largest Talent Show in the United States; A Million-Dollar Beauty Makes American University Campuses Crazy; Li Mu and His Ambition to Expand in the United States; Li Mu Starts the First Battle in the United States;

More attentive media found the video of Li Mu welcoming the employees of Makino Technology to the United States at the airport, and combined with the great influence of the competition, gave a special report with a title: Li Mu: I Came, I Saw, I Conquered.

The whole American society was paying attention to this talent show, which cost tens of millions of dollars and had amazing bonuses. Elite groups, including the media, the Internet industry, and the financial industry, paid attention to different things.

What the media was concerned about was how this event was able to garner so much attention. Among them, many TV stations felt that it was incredible. With such a strong influence, even they would find it difficult to handle it. However, Mu Ye Games had used a game like "Paradise Town" to support this talent show and quickly pushed it to such a high level, which really made them speechless.

The Internet industry was concerned about what new inspiration Li Mu had given them in this game. Everyone got different inspiration from Li Mu, but there was one thing in common. Through this competition, everyone realized the real influence of the Internet, which made the industry particularly excited.

As for the financial industry, there was nothing they could do but beat their chests and stomp their feet.

All the investors who had met Li Mu and even those who had not met him began to look for Makino Technology again, hoping to make an appointment with Li Mu again. However, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah to send a unified reply to all the companies: his work schedule in the past two days is very full, and he has no time to meet with any investors.

This event had attracted the attention of the United States, and now it was time for Li Mu to put on airs!

Li Mu, who temporarily refused to meet the investors, was now preparing his next round of attack.

The "Most Beautiful American Campus Belles List" gave Li Mu a huge surprise. He was now ready to do everything possible to make the influence of this competition continue to rise in the United States and make this competition to the extreme.

He wanted to make the "Most Beautiful American Campus Belles List" the most popular event in the United States this year. If this goal was achieved, then the "Most Beautiful American Campus Belles List" would become a super IP. When it was played again next year, its influence would be extraordinary, and there would even be countless sponsors coming to the door with checks.

Therefore, in order to achieve this goal, Li Mu specially called his team for a meeting to discuss whether there were other ways to continue to increase the influence of this competition.

Li Mu's motto was that any means to the same thing, it was best to use it only once. If it was used too much, it would be counterproductive. Therefore, at present, Li Mu was not going to increase the attraction by adding more rewards. What he needed was other soft power to tie him down.

In the conference room, everyone expressed their opinions.

Some suggested to give the national champion, second runner-up and third runner-up a chance to travel around the world; some suggested to increase the share of the gifts that the champion, second runner-up and third runner-up would receive in Paradise Town in the future, from the previous 5: 5 to 80% or even all of it; some suggested to let the national champion, second runner-up and third runner-up become the ambassadors of Paradise Town and give them a generous signing bonus.

These ideas were still acceptable, and if pushed out, they should have a certain effect. However, Li Mu felt that these were not separated from the "money" itself. If they always talked about money, it would definitely reduce the public's affection. Most Americans should not like a company that only knew how to throw money without any substance.

After discussing for a long time in the conference room, no one came to a suitable conclusion. At this time, a colleague said, "Li Zong, I think we can follow the model of British Idol and American Idol and give the champion of the competition a bigger ladder to climb."

Li Mu asked him curiously, "Can you tell me more details?"

That colleague said, "American Idol is very popular in the United States this year. Although it's only the first season, because they bought the copyright of British Idol, and British Idol has a large audience, American Idol has attracted a lot of attention since the first season. However, it is not only because it uses the model of British Idol, but also because the organizers have prepared a million-dollar record contract for the champion. The champion will get this million-dollar record contract, sign with a cooperating record company, release their own album, and officially embark on the road to success."

As he said that, he added, "In this way, the competition itself has actually become a preliminary stage. What really attracts them is the development after they succeed in the preliminary stage. Participating in a singing competition and winning the championship is not the main point. Winning the championship, getting a contract, releasing an album, and becoming a real star is the real point. This dream of becoming a star has inspired a large number of American youths to participate in this competition, laying the foundation for the show's popularity.

Therefore, my suggestion is that we also look for a recording company to cooperate with, and promise a gimmick that the champion will get a million-dollar record contract. "

Li Mu's eyes lit up, and he exclaimed, "That's a good idea!

Not only do we have to give them money, but we also have to give them fame. Fame and fortune are what people crave the most. "

After saying that, Li Mu smacked his lips and said, "But singing is not suitable. Our school belle selection competition is actually a competition of vision. If we end up focusing on hearing, there is a high chance that the contestants will not be able to acclimatize. It is very likely that the final champion will be a girl as beautiful as a fairy, but tone-deaf."

When Li Mu said that, the audience roared with laughter.

Li Mu was right. In the end, the visual talent show could not rely on hearing, and must continue to stick close to the visual.

At this time, Li Mu said, "It's a good idea, but we'd better change it. We can get in touch with Hollywood film companies and ask them to give our top three contestants a chance to star in a movie. For example, the champion will have a chance to star in three movies under the company, the runner-up twice, and the third runner-up once. Moreover, it must be guaranteed that it is at least a supporting role or above, and the pay must not be less than 500,000 US dollars. If they agree, we can use YY and Paradise Town to promote their movie on a large scale before the movie is released. The only condition is that they must cooperate with our promotion now."

Speaking up to this point, Li Mu added, "I think Hollywood film companies will most likely not refuse, because this event has received so much attention, and as the competition progresses, the attention will increase. If they cooperate with us now, they will also be able to catch on. More importantly, for film companies, adding such a popular actress to their movie will also increase the attention of the movie itself. At that time, with our promotion, it will be hard not to get a high box office."

"Moreover, one thing is certain. When the time comes, the top three contestants in the country will definitely have impeccable appearance. They will be beautiful and have a great advantage in front of the camera. It doesn't matter if they don't know how to act, they can learn and cultivate."

Everyone present was overjoyed. This was an interesting way to play. If the film company was dragged into the competition at this time, the film company would probably faint from happiness. No matter how famous they usually were, to be able to participate in such a high profile competition was definitely something that they could only dream of.

Then, Li Mu's thoughts wandered and he continued, "Find a few popular clothing brands, cosmetics, and skincare brands that are more influential in the United States and ask them to give our top three contestants an endorsement contract. The endorsement fee must be no less than 500,000 US dollars. As long as they agree, they can become our sponsors for this competition."

Speaking up to this point, an idea suddenly burst forth in Li Mu's mind. He said, "Get to know the mobile phone operators in the United States and familiarize yourself with the SMS channel. We can consider adding the SMS voting mode in the final stage."

"SMS voting?!" Most of the people present looked puzzled.