Chapter 340

Strong competitors indeed made people feel hopeless.

In particular, the update of Happy Farm seemed to have opened Pandora's Box, which fascinated all users again. The interaction and bond between players had been improved by more than one level by this update. The new version had even surpassed the old version, not to mention QQ Fisheries, which was still imitating the old version of Happy Farm.

Both Brother Ma and Guo Haiming were shocked by the upgrade of Happy Farm. In despair, they all had one thought in their minds: Who made the products of Makino Technology?

Who is the real product manager?

How did he come up with such a shocking and amazing product design?

Just when everyone was surprised and desperate, the data of QQ Fishery began to plummet.

Online users continued to disappear. After a large number of users became familiar with all the new functions of Happy Farm, they did not hesitate to abandon QQ Fishery and devoted themselves to the new gameplay of Happy Farm.

At this time, a lot of user feedback appeared on the Internet. Everyone praised the upgrade of Happy Farm on the Internet and said that it was much more interesting. Among these comments, another version began to appear. Someone said on the Internet, "Happy Farm is awesome. Teng Xun imitated it and created QQ Fishery, but after only ten hours, Teng Xun immediately came up with an updated version and killed QQ Fishery. I don't want to play the low-end and inferior imitation game of QQ Fishery. It's so shameful to play that game. If I have any friends who play this game, I'll just break up with them."

Similar comments soon flooded the Internet and attracted a large number of users' support. Now everyone seemed to have forgotten the damage caused by Happy Farm's action of charging fees to them. In the competition between Happy Farm and QQ Fishery, they all sided with Happy Farm. At this time, they began to look at the appearance of QQ Fishery from the perspective of Happy Farm. This was shameless plagiarism in itself. In addition, Happy Farm instantly left QQ Fishery far behind. So when someone deliberately used this topic to lead people to despise QQ Fishery in their hearts, it was easy for the masses to be influenced.

Of course, all this was arranged by Li Mu. He always hit his enemies and competitors when they were down. Once a product was successfully labeled as inferior among the users, then this product would basically have no way to go.

The new version of Happy Farm was trending on the Internet, and the mood of everyone in QQ Fisheries suddenly fell to the bottom. The feeling of falling from the clouds to the bottom was too bitter. Many people didn't even have the time to feel the joy and happiness just now before they were beaten to the eighteenth level of hell and were disheartened.

At this time, Guo Haiming's assistant came in with a few waiters of the teahouse with a lot of food. The assistant shouted to everyone excitedly, "Students, it's time for dinner!

Boss Guo's treat today is especially sumptuous. If you're fast, you'll get it! "

He thought that after he said that, his colleagues would definitely cheer and rush up to fight for the food, but he didn't expect that everyone present was indifferent. They just looked at him with ashen faces, including Guo Haiming and Brother Ma, which made his hair stand on end.

What kind of trick was this?

When he went out just now, all the people in the department were still in high spirits. Why did everyone become so listless in less than an hour?

What the hell happened?

At this time, Guo Haiming coughed twice and said to everyone, "Let's not be affected by the opponent. We still have to eat. Everyone, hurry up and eat."

No one took the initiative to respond to Guo Haiming, nor did anyone take the initiative to take the food. The assistant was very surprised, but he could only ask the waiters who delivered the food to leave the food, and then took the initiative to ask Guo Haiming, "Boss Guo, what do you want to eat?

There's barbecued pork rice, roast goose, beef meatballs … "

Guo Haiming waved his hand. "I have no appetite, so I won't eat."

The assistant's facial muscles involuntarily twitched. He thought to himself, "You just asked everyone to eat, why are you not willing to set an example?"

With Guo Haiming's performance, the hungry employees did not dare to think about eating anymore. They could only endure and let the pile of food emit a tempting fragrance.

At ten o 'clock in the evening, no one had eaten the tea and food they bought. At this time, the number of online users of Happy Farm had exceeded five million, while the number of online users of the poor QQ Fisheries had dropped to less than 300,000. According to the feedback of the backstage monitoring, among the less than 300,000 online users, more than 150,000 people had not done anything in the past half an hour. That was to say, they had actually been lost, but they did not close the QQ Fisheries webpage.

Guo Haiming was completely embarrassed. Little Ma had been watching the trend of the data without saying a word until he couldn't stand it anymore and said, "That's all for today. I'm leaving."

Guo Haiming blurted out, "Boss Ma, we can also follow up on the development of these functions. I'll organize a meeting tomorrow to discuss how long it will take to design and develop these functions."

Little Ma said, "After losing the first round, if we still imitate them, it will be very difficult for us to survive. They obviously have technical reserves and development reserves. If we follow behind them, it will be impossible for us to beat them. And they are constantly developing new functions, constantly increasing the time and energy of users in the game. It will be even more difficult for us to touch their foundation."

Guo Haiming gritted his teeth and said, "We will develop new game functions and strive to catch up with them!"

Little Ma nodded slightly, stood up and said, "Come and follow up. Q Bar is already dead. If QQ Fisheries dies too, the impact on us will be too great. You have to know how much manpower, material resources, financial resources, and our own resources have been drained for these two projects. At the same time, we have delayed the development of many core businesses …"

Guo Haiming said shamefully, "Boss Ma, I understand what you said."

Little Ma said, "It's good that you understand. The only thing we can be thankful for is that there are no direct competitors in the market for the time being. Otherwise, our own foundation may be hurt by our opponents after we failed twice in a row."

Guo Haiming lowered his eyelids in embarrassment. "I will not give up QQ Fisheries. Don't worry, I will definitely give you a satisfactory answer."

At this moment, in Makino Technology, the whole company was in joy, just like the QQ Fisheries Department before eight o 'clock.

Li Mu breathed a sigh of relief. Since the opponents with the greatest potential to threaten Happy Farm had all failed, this game could basically sit back and relax.

The new version of Happy Farm also gave him an unexpected harvest. Now that the users no longer cared about the problem of Happy Farm charging fees, because the new mission system of Happy Farm was very annoying. There would always be a mission with a particularly high reward that required some materials that were more advanced than the user's, forcing the user to buy them. At this time, the high-level RMB players in the friend circle played a role. They would not keep so many raw materials to occupy their warehouse space, so they usually kept enough for themselves and put the rest on the shelves for sale, just in time to help their low-level friends solve the mission problems.

The paying users in the game had high levels and rich resources. They belonged to the elite group in the game, and they also played the role that the elite should play: helping the middle and low-level people develop quickly. Therefore, the game was harmonious, and no one scolded Makino Technology for being evil and destroying the game balance.

Moreover, the development of the new function promoted the growth of the number of RMB players, and the amount of consumption skyrocketed.

Although the game was not open for purchase, it could be obtained by completing missions. High-level users would be willing to use money to buy tools to promote the original production speed, and then better complete missions and earn gold coins. The basic rule was that orders would only be refreshed every eight hours, but if the RMB players completed the mission in advance, they could use RMB to complete the mission in advance, and it would cost two RMB to complete the mission in advance.

As for the wealthier users, they would directly top up their money to buy a higher-grade truck. A low-grade truck that could be bought with 58888 gold coins would only generate four orders every eight hours, but an upgraded truck could generate six, eight, or even ten orders every eight hours. However, the price of an upgraded truck was not cheap. A truck that could generate six orders would cost 38 yuan, a truck that could generate eight orders would cost 68 yuan, and a truck that could generate ten orders would cost 98 yuan.

Even so, more than three hundred thousand trucks of various types were sold in one night. Trucks bought with RMB not only had a great promotion effect on the game, but a high-class truck parked in the farm was also a kind of appearance for the players.

Therefore, the sales volume of the game store exceeded 20 million that night.

In the first 24 hours after the game store was launched, the sales volume was only about 9 million. However, in just a few hours, the sales volume exceeded 20 million. This was simply a miracle in the internet industry, and it was a money-making speed that even Legend of Mir couldn't compare to. The entire industry was in an uproar.

However, the sales volume of 20 million was also a peak that Happy Farm could not surpass. Most of the users who were willing to spend money to buy tools like trucks that cost dozens of RMB had already done so that night. This was not a repeated consumption. In the future, unless there were new versions released, it would be impossible to reach this sales volume.

In the domestic internet industry, Happy Farm had helped Makino Technology to reach the top, and its reputation had soared in the industry.