Chapter 863

Hearing Li Mu's thanks, Department Head Zhen smiled faintly and said, "Such a big battle isn't something that I can make the final decision on. I've already conveyed the two ideas you proposed to the higher-ups. This is also something that can only be realized after the higher-ups coordinate the resources from all sides."

Li Mu quickly said, "Such a great benefit, I have to thank all the leaders for their support and help!"

Department Head Zhen smiled and said, "This time, in order to prevent any enterprises from taking advantage of the situation, the Economic and Trade Commission has limited the number of participating enterprises to four. We have also taken your suggestion into consideration and strictly controlled the models, further eliminating the possibility of taking advantage of the situation. Right now, I can very responsibly tell you that these eight models, from the price to the configuration, will definitely not contain any fake products, so you can rest assured."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Department Head Zhen, I naturally have complete trust in the government's methods. As long as the government comes forward to regulate the enterprises, the enterprises will definitely strictly abide by it."

Department Head Zhen nodded and said, "The 'Internet Access to the Home' pilot project this time isn't just a pilot project for the entire 'Internet Access to the Home' project, but it's also a pilot project for the 'Home Appliances Going to the Countryside' project. If it goes smoothly, we'll start the 'Home Appliances Going to the Countryside' project at the end of this year."

Only then did Li Mu remember that he had mentioned the home appliances going to the countryside. He couldn't help but ask, "Minister Zhen, how's the progress of the home appliances going to the countryside?"

Department Head Zhen said, "The Home Appliances Going to the Countryside is different from the 'Internet Access to the Home' project. The market space is on a completely different scale. We have also met with some companies and found many potential problems in the home appliances industry. We are currently working on it and are determined to solve these problems before the official launch."

Li Mu said, "Home appliance companies vary in size, good and bad, and their profit margins and hardware purchases are not transparent enough. Quality control is indeed a problem."

Department Head Zhen asked him, "Do you have any better suggestions on how to promote home appliances to the countryside?"

Li Mu knew very well that in his previous life, the reason why the home appliances to the countryside was criticized in some places was because some small enterprises used false pricing and hardware shrinkage to seek greater profits. At the same time, it was accompanied by serious problems of substandard quality and delayed after-sales service, which tarnished the reputation of the home appliances to the countryside.

Therefore, Li Mu suggested, "Department Head Zhen, the target group of the home appliances to the countryside is too large. It may come with a huge volume of products. If we don't take care of it, it may be taken advantage of by small enterprises. I suggest that it is more suitable to cooperate with medium and large enterprises that have the ability and ability to bear the burden. Also, try not to specifically develop the 'home appliances to the countryside' model. Instead, we should select a small number of models from the existing main models in the market. This way, we can prevent enterprises from redesigning new models for the home appliances to the countryside."

After a pause, Li Mu continued, "You see, for any enterprise, developing a new product or model means additional costs. Even if it's just a new appearance, it represents a huge cost. In this case, if the enterprise still actively hopes to develop a new model specifically for the home appliances to the countryside, there must be something fishy about it. The main models that are already sold in the market are already very transparent. Only by developing a new model can they find room to save on the cost. Moreover, the new specialized models do not have a price reference in the market, so it's easy for the consumers to be fooled."

Department Head Zhen thought for a moment and said, "You're right. We have indeed received a lot of reports from enterprises. They are all redesigned models for the 'home appliances to the countryside' model. More or less, there is something fishy about them."

Li Mu said, "The home appliances to the countryside is not only to stimulate domestic demand, but also to improve the government's image. We can't let a single rat spoil the whole pot of soup."

Department Head Zhen said, "If we give all the share of the home appliances to the countryside to the medium and large enterprises, then I'm afraid the small enterprises are not far from death. The government also doesn't want to see a large number of small enterprises go bankrupt and their workers lose their jobs."

Li Mu said, "What I'm most worried about is that the small enterprises don't have enough assets. If they play tricks in the process of the home appliances to the countryside, and they don't have enough assets to pay for it or can't solve the problem, the farmers will still suffer."

Department Head Zhen smacked his lips and said, "I feel that we should still let the small enterprises in, but we need to set a threshold for them."

Li Mu said, "That's fine too. You can give the small enterprises a fixed share based on their output and revenue. Also, the enterprises will have to pay a certain amount of quality deposit, which is a percentage of the retail price of each home appliance. If the number of complaints about the after-sales quality problem is higher than a certain percentage, this deposit will be deducted by half. If it reaches a certain percentage, the deposit will be deducted completely, and the enterprise and the legal person of the enterprise will be punished."

Department Head Zhen said, "This is a little interesting. I'll let them discuss it in detail later."

Then, Department Head Zhen said, "Oh right, I'm already pushing for the legislation on e-commerce sales. There should be a result before the end of the year. October or November is more likely, but there is an 80% chance that we will first introduce a temporary regulation."

Li Mu was overjoyed and quickly said, "That's great!"

Department Head Zhen said, "This matter is still in the internal discussion stage for the time being. It's a confidential matter. It's enough that you know, but don't spread it."

Li Mu hurriedly agreed, "Don't worry, Department Head Zhen. I won't spread it."

The government was preparing to introduce legislation in a certain area. In most cases, this kind of thing really couldn't be spread, especially when it was relatively sensitive or involved a wider group of people. Otherwise, once it was spread, everyone would be waiting for the law to be introduced. What if they couldn't get out temporarily?

There was no way to explain it to the people who had a stake in it. Therefore, the discussion of legislation had always been a relatively high-level confidential matter.

This was also exactly what Li Mu wanted. The legislation specifically targeting the online sales of fake goods was a mine that he had buried for Boss Ma. If Boss Ma found out about it in advance, he would definitely take another path. At that time, all the plans would be for naught.

…

Boss Ma was actively promoting his own daily cosmetics and clothing promotion activities. The whole process of the promotion activities had basically been planned out, and all that was left was the specific implementation. Boss Ma was relatively satisfied with the whole promotion plan. Logically speaking, this should be the best opportunity for Le Tao to go online, but he couldn't bring himself to be in the mood.

The reason was the news he learned a few days ago: SoftBank wanted to invest in Makino Technology's Series C business.

A few days ago, he had just received Sun Zhengyi, who had rushed over from Japan. He even expressed to Sun Zhengyi that although he didn't have the ability to defeat Li Mu for the time being, he would definitely find an e-commerce C2C business under Li Mu's pincer attack. Sun Zhengyi promised Boss Ma that he would definitely support him to go online with Le Tao and compete with Taobao in the C2C business. However, Boss Ma didn't expect that Sun Zhengyi would turn around and throw an olive branch to Li Mu.

What Boss Ma couldn't accept was the price that SoftBank gave to Makino Technology.

15 billion, it could be said to be a sky-high price. The premium given was already very high. To be able to give such a high risk factor price, it was enough to show that SoftBank had great confidence in the future of Makino Technology.

It was reasonable to say that Boss Ma and Makino Technology had no direct competition. The real direct competition was Taobao. Therefore, Sun Zhengyi's investment in Makino Technology had no direct impact on himself. However, thinking about the key point behind it, Sun Zhengyi knew that Makino Technology and Taobao were both Li Mu's industries. Yet, he still rushed to invest in Makino Technology. This was enough to prove that in Sun Zhengyi's eyes, Li Mu had more weight than him.

This made Boss Ma particularly unhappy. He regarded Sun Zhengyi as his biggest reliance and felt that he should be Sun Zhengyi's biggest hope in the Hua Xia market. However, judging from SoftBank's eagerness to invest in Li Mu, Sun Zhengyi hoped to establish a cooperative relationship with Li Mu. If Li Mu accepted his investment, he might even take out Taobao to seek financing from Sun Zhengyi. At that time, Li Mu was likely to ask Sun Zhengyi to give up Alibaba.

If that was the case, Sun Zhengyi would definitely not refuse to invest in Taobao. At that time, there would be two competitors in the same industry under Sun Zhengyi's investment system. Li Mu would definitely use Sun Zhengyi's hand to kill or annex his own company.

As Boss Ma was thinking about this, someone in the company's core YY group began to talk.

Beep beep beep beep!

Boss Ma came back to his senses. He stared at the group portrait flashing in the lower right corner and sighed softly. He thought to himself, If I have the ability in the future, I must develop my own instant messaging software. Not for anything else, but just so that I can completely give up on YY in my own company!

Although Boss Ma thought so, he was also very clear that at the moment, YY group was a very efficient way to communicate at work. Therefore, he could only use the hotkey to send it out.

Lu Zhaoxi sent a link in the group, followed by a sentence: "F * ck, this Li Mu is really too awesome!"

Boss Ma frowned. What's so awesome about him?

No matter how awesome he is, there is no need to say such words in the company's core group. Isn't this boosting the morale of others and belittling your own prestige? "

Although Boss Ma thought so, he still clicked on the link subconsciously. When he opened it, it actually jumped to the official website of the Economic and Trade Commission …

"Internet in the city?"

Boss Ma looked at these words in the press release and was particularly surprised. He couldn't help but continue to read the main text. As soon as he read it, his eyes were immediately attracted by the monitor screen.

The policy of "Internet in the city" made Boss Ma excited. Home computers and broadband costs were subsidized by the state. This was definitely a huge advantage for the industry!

However, as he continued to read, a sentence drenched his heart in cold sweat.

"This' Internet in the Home 'campaign does not restrict the method of purchasing a complete computer. Consumers can purchase it through offline stores or Taobao's flagship store according to their own circumstances."

Taobao's flagship store … It seemed like this campaign had something to do with Li Mu.

At this moment, Cai Chongxin said in the group, "F * ck, this Li Mu is really awesome. I think this policy must be his idea!"

Someone asked, "Old Cai, why must it be Li Mu's idea?"

"Taobao is the designated sales channel for this campaign by the government!

Don't you think you're awesome enough? "

Cai Chongxin said, then added, "Oh right, don't you guys know?

Li Mu had already bought 40% of Shenzhou's shares a long time ago. Immediately after that, such a good thing happened. If this is a free lunch from the sky, I will be the first to express my disbelief! "

…

This was the last 22 hours. Brothers, please support us with monthly votes. No matter what, we have to fight one last time!

Also, VIP users, please join the group 538966268. Don't ask for full subscriptions!