Chapter 861

In addition to Jin Yong, Gu Long, Liang Yusheng, Wen Ruian, and other famous martial arts writers, Li Mu also requested Ding Zhenglin to do his best to buy out the game copyrights of all their works with an exclusive 20-year license. He would not hesitate to spend more money.

Everyone did not understand why a top figure in the Internet industry like Li Mu would be so interested in the copyrights of martial arts novels. However, since he had already said it, everyone immediately expressed that they would actively push forward according to Li Mu's request.

In fact, Li Mu felt that high-quality copyrights would be the arsenal of the future pan-entertainment industry. When fighting with the enemy, the more weapons and ammunition one had, the greater the power and influence one had, and the higher the chance of winning in the battle.

Li Mu was concerned about the popular copyrights in his previous life. Whether it was the works of famous writers or web novels, the highest level of copyrights derived from movies, movies, and games. For an A-list writer like Mr. Jin Yong, who had been in the literary world for decades, his movie and television copyrights had long been developed very well. Therefore, it would be very expensive and meaningless to take his movie and television copyrights. However, games were different. At present, the domestic games industry was weak. No one could see how broad the market for game adaptations was. At this time, game copyrights were generally extra income for authors. There was no reference value. As long as the price was tempting, people would definitely be able to buy it.

Although Makino Technology was prepared to be split before financing, it was based on the separation of foreign capital. In general, the separation of a company for financing, to a certain extent, was equivalent to a prenuptial proof of property. If financing was treated as marriage, then before Makino Technology married the capital, it would first be clearly divided with the capital. One part would be our future joint property, which we would jointly own according to the proportion. The other part would be my personal property, which I would first prepare a prenuptial proof of property. These properties would have nothing to do with you after marriage.

Because of this, even if the whole of Makino Technology was broken up, according to Li Mu's shareholding ratio in each company, these companies would still be his absolute controlling stake. For Li Mu, these companies added up would form the territory of his group.

In the territory of Li Mu's group, pan-entertainment was an extremely important part of the future. Although YY was the main body of the whole of Makino Technology, YY would gradually become a giant incubator. Its own profitability would become less and less in the overall territory of the group. The real profits in the future would come from the pan-entertainment industry incubated by YY.

The first to bear the brunt would definitely be the games. This was a huge piece of cake. In the future, half or even more of Tencent's revenue would come from the games business. This was enough to show how huge the profit margin in this area was.

As the number of games increased, the competition in the games market would become fiercer. Any game company would have a higher threshold to gain users. For a company like Makino Technology that had a killer YY, it would be impossible for there to be another one in the industry. Therefore, Li Mu was confident that the future of the games business would be twice the result with half the effort. However, even with a killer YY, the influence of the popular IPs in the future should not be underestimated.

The reason why the popular IPs became more and more popular, besides the excellence of the content itself, the most important reason was the fan base. Comics, movies, and games that were changed by the popular IPs would naturally have a huge fan base.

If Li Mu had the copyright of the Legend of the Condor Heroes, as long as he developed the game and promoted it, the huge fan base of the Legend of the Condor Heroes would definitely pay special attention to it. This group of fans would then be able to take advantage of the influence of the popular IP and be absorbed into the game with the same name with an extremely low barrier.

In the future, the price of the copyright of Tomoya, Tudou, and other fantasy games could go from a million to tens of millions or even higher. The main reason was the huge fan base of these authors. For other games to develop a 100% original game, the user base would have to start from zero. However, a game that was adapted from a popular novel could have tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of novel fans on the first day. There was a huge commercial potential.

However, the domestic online literature industry had not really developed yet. Therefore, Li Mu did not plan to interfere with the online literature industry for the time being. He would first get the copyright of famous authors. When the online literature industry had a certain foundation, he would then make a strategic long-term investment in this industry.

However, the outstanding Wuxia copyrights were not as inexhaustible as online novels. There were only so many Wuxia authors, and only a few dozen well-known works. After this group of masters, the overall decline of Wuxia novels would basically mean that there would not be any outstanding Wuxia works in the future.

Therefore, at this time, the earlier they obtained the copyrights of these masters' works, the longer they obtained the authorization, the greater the profit margin in the future. It was not just a matter of profit margin. Popular novel IPs represented a mature and huge worldview framework. Using popular IPs to modify the game was far more labor-saving than designing and developing a game!

A completely original game would take a long time just to set up the background. However, a popular IP could directly skip this step.

More importantly, now that Li Mu had the top copyrights in his hands, he could prevent his future competitors from having any top IP to use. When that time came, his future competitors could only design their own game structure and start from scratch to develop users. On the other hand, he could use the advantage of a popular IP to quickly produce a game with a large fan base. This would greatly block his competitors from overtaking him.

Li Mu had YY in his hands. Even if he did not use a popular IP, it would still be much easier for him to promote games compared to his competitors. However, if his competitors obtained a top IP, YY's advantage in the game would be easily overtaken. If games like The Condor Heroes or Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils were to fall into the hands of other companies, it would indeed be a huge threat to YY.

Because of this, Li Mu wanted his team to spend money to get the copyrights of these Wuxia works. He wanted his competitors to realize, "F * ck, there are no good popular IPs to use. All the popular IPs are in Li Mu's hands."

Anyway, it was cheap now. It was not like the future, where the copyrights of any popular work cost tens of millions of yuan. Therefore, buying it would earn more than buying stocks, and it was more stable.

It was precisely because Li Mu wanted to obtain the copyrights of Jin Yong and other famous wuxia novels that he wanted to start directly by adapting their works into the game, that he did not let the team he had poached from West Mountain Residence take any action. Li Mu's request to Wu Di, the person in charge of the team, was that during this period of time, he would first lead the team to familiarize themselves with all of Jin Yong's wuxia novels, focusing on the structure of the world in each novel, the distribution and confrontation of the sects, the famous masters, the personalities of the beauties, their strength, and their images.

At the same time, Old Xu was immersed in writing the game structure of Fantasy Westward Journey. According to his previous concept of the game and Li Mu's suggestions, the entire world structure of the game became clearer and clearer.

…

On the 31st of August, a considerable number of universities in Yan Jin started the registration of new students. Due to the influx of foreign students, Yan Jin became a lot more lively.

The old students would only start school on the 10th of September. Neither Su Yingxue nor Zhao Ziqiu were ready to return for the time being.

On the morning of the 31st, Li Mu followed up on the operation of the Brand Day on Taobao. A vice principal of the National People's Congress contacted Li Mu through Dong Ai. He said that he hoped Li Mu could give a speech to the freshmen at the orientation on the 20th of September. After all, Li Mu was the living signboard of the National People's Congress. When people mentioned the National People's Congress, more than half of them would be associated with Li Mu. With such a role model giving a speech to the freshmen, it would definitely help and influence the freshmen in a very positive way.

Dong Ai said that the vice principal also specially asked her to tell Li Mu that he hoped that Li Mu could instill enough positive energy into the freshmen, so that not only in their four-year university career, but also when they entered society in the future, they could also be positively influenced by Li Mu's positive energy.

When Li Mu heard this, he knew that he couldn't refuse. The positive energy was originally thrown out by him. It could be regarded as a new name that he created. Since the vice principal had said so, if he still refused, it would really be too negative.

Therefore, Li Mu could only agree. Although giving a speech was a little high-profile, Li Mu also hoped that he could give some positive guidance to the next batch of juniors.

At noon, Li Mu ate a working lunch in the office. Li Mu received a call from Zhao Kang.

On the phone, Zhao Kang asked excitedly, "Have you watched the TV? The news on CCTV is 30 minutes."

Li Mu said, "No, I'm in the office. What's wrong?"

Zhao Kang said, "News 30 minutes just reported the 'Internet into the home' policy of the Economic and Trade Commission."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Internet into the home?

What do you mean? "

Zhao Kang explained, "Internet into the home. It's the computer into the city that you previously proposed!"

Li Mu suddenly realized, "Changed the name?

How exactly is the policy? Did the news say it? "

"Yes."

Zhao Kang hurriedly said, "From tomorrow onwards, the policy of Internet into the home will be launched in Beijing, Shanghai, Hebei Province, Qilu, and Southern Jiangsu provinces and two cities. Household users in these areas will be able to get a state subsidy of 500 yuan if they buy a designated desktop from Shenzhou, Lenovo, Founder, and TCL. If they immediately connect to the Internet within a month after buying the machine, no matter which operator they choose, they will enjoy a 75% discount for the first year!"

Li Mu couldn't hold back his excitement and blurted out, "Really?

Is it confirmed?! "

Li Mu knew that it would take a long time for the Economic and Trade Commission to implement such a large-scale policy, so he wasn't in a hurry. However, he didn't expect it to be launched on September 1st. From the looks of it, it was only a matter of time before it was implemented nationwide!

Moreover, Li Mu previously thought that the government subsidy would be about 300 yuan. 500 yuan was indeed beyond his expectations. What was even more unbelievable was that the Economic and Trade Commission could actually pull the operators to participate in this activity. Buying machines at low prices and accessing the Internet at low prices. This was too attractive to ordinary families!

The Economic and Trade Commission changed the name of their proposed policy from "Computers into the City" to "Internet into the Home." Although it didn't sound smooth, the meaning was much clearer. The Internet into the home not only meant that computers would enter the home, but it also meant that the Internet would follow the computers into the home. This was really significant!

Zhao Kang said confidently, "It's confirmed!

The news deliberately mentioned that this policy does not restrict the purchase channel. If the local consumer doesn't have a dealer, they can directly purchase through the Internet. As long as they buy the designated model, they can use the invoice and household registration to go to the local finance bureau to complete the application procedures. The subsidy will be automatically transferred to the consumer's personal account within half a month to a month! "