Chapter 1631

When most of the cast and crew had gathered in the tent, Li Mu had Wang Yuanlang, Zhang Ye, and a few assistants bring in more than a hundred bottles of alcohol. He said to everyone, "Everyone has worked hard here for such a long time. Seeing that the filming is about to be completed, I specially brought some decent alcohol for everyone. Tonight, we'll have an early celebration party."

Spielberg smiled and said, "Looks like we won't rest until we're drunk tonight."

Li Mu said, "Stephen, hurry up and arrange the work at hand. Let everyone wrap up as soon as possible."

Spielberg nodded and smiled. "Our chef has already started preparing for tonight's dinner. He drove to Spring City today and bought two pickup trucks worth of ingredients."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "Today's celebration party has to be grand. We'll coordinate with a wave of media publicity to deepen the public's impression of Flying Tigers."

As he spoke, Li Mu looked at the three male leads, Leonardo, Tom Hanks, and Liu Ye. The three of them were still in their costumes, which were the US Air Force jackets from the World War II era. Black jackets, beige khaki pants, and brown high-top leather boots. Although it was very old-fashioned, even with modern aesthetics, they were still very handsome.

Moreover, Leonardo's looks were out of this world. He was at the peak of his looks, so his outfit was perfect.

Liu Ye's looks were also top-notch, and he was a little more robust than most of the pretty boys. Therefore, when he wore this Air Force outfit, he didn't lose out to Leonardo.

Although Tom Hanks was a little older, and his looks couldn't be compared to the younger actors, the most impressive thing about this big brother was that he could act like anything. With his outfit, if you said he was Chennault, then he was Chennault. If he wore aviator sunglasses and had a cigar in his mouth, he would definitely charm a large number of female audiences.

Li Mu suddenly thought, Why not take advantage of the sunset outside to take a photo with the three male leads on the runway and in front of the fighter jets?

Then, he would post it on his Weibo. Needless to say, it would definitely be a hit, and the publicity would definitely be great.

With this thought, Li Mu immediately asked Spielberg, "Stephen, do you have any Air Force attire that I can wear?"

"Yes."

Spielberg blurted out, "We prepared more than a hundred Flying Tigers uniforms. Do you want to try them?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Find me one. I'll go take a photo with the three male leads and post it on my Weibo."

Spielberg's eyes lit up.

He knew very well that the most popular celebrity in the world was not any other star, but Li Mu.

If Li Mu posted a photo with the three leading actors on Weibo, it would be spread all over the world within a day.

Thinking of this, Spielberg hurriedly said to the assistant beside him, "Hurry up and find a suit for Mr. Li. Hurry!"

Ten minutes later, Li Mu walked out of a single tent provided by the crew in a well-fitting US World War II Air Force uniform.

Everyone present. Li Mu, and Mo, Li, Li, and Mu, and Li, and Li, "Little"

Du Wei stared at Li Mu and said seriously, "Brother Li Mu, although saying this will offend Brother Liu Ye, I still have to say that Brother Liu Ye's role in this movie should be played by you!"

Anne Hathaway looked at Li Mu in a daze. Recently, she had been filming in Hua Xia and had seen a lot of Asian men. Although she had a good impression of them, from an aesthetic point of view, Asian men were not attractive to a standard Western woman like her.

Anne Hathaway looked at Li Mu in a daze. Recently, she had seen a lot of Eastern men in Huaxia. Although she had a good impression of them, from the aesthetic point of view, Eastern men were not attractive to a standard Western woman like her.

However, when Li Mu came out in an Air Force pilot uniform and black aviator sunglasses, she found for the first time that Li Mu was really handsome. Even from her Western point of view, he was handsome.

However, when Li Mu came out in his Air Force pilot uniform and black aviator sunglasses, she realized for the first time that Li Mu was indeed very handsome. Even from her Western point of view, he was handsome.

There was no mirror in the tent, so Li Mu didn't know what he looked like. However, when he stood side by side with Leonardo, Tom Hanks, and Liu Ye, even though he couldn't see his face, he felt as if he had traveled back in time to that war-torn era. He felt as if he was one of the pilots of the Flying Tigers. He felt as if he was about to fly with his Hua Xia and American comrades-in-arms, piloting a fighter jet with a giant shark painted on it to fight against the Japanese invaders.

Spielberg called over the cameraman of his crew, who was his exclusive cameraman. But now, he asked him to take the cameraman's job and let him take photos of Li Mu and the other three male leads.

Spielberg felt that setting, atmosphere, mood, 20% was about equipment, 30% was about composition, and 50% was about the use of light. If you wanted to take an awesome photo, it was the same as shooting an awesome movie. The photographer must know how to use light, whether it was the ambient light or the lighting of the equipment.

Therefore, the top Hollywood photographer picked up his SLR camera and took a photo of Li Mu, Liu Ye, Leonardo, and Tom Hanks under the golden and blood-red sunset on the plateau of Yun Province. It was a photo that restored history to a high degree.

At this time, the sunset was at its most beautiful, and the fiery red clouds in the sky were spectacular. They were wearing the exact same Air Force uniforms of that era. Under their feet was the airport runway made of red soil, and behind them were a few American P40C fighter jets. The photo looked very real, as if they had traveled back in time to that war-torn era.

The P40C was the main model used by the Flying Tigers in Hua Xia. At that time, these planes were all painted with a shark's mouth. It could be said that they were the American fighter jets of World War II that the people of Hua Xia were most familiar with.

During the group photo, the several P40C fighter jets at the airport had all been painted in the shark's mouth style. Moreover, Spielberg told Li Mu that they were all real P40C jets that he had specially found from a civilian aviation club in the United States. They were well-maintained P40C jets that could take off.

According to Spielberg, although there didn't seem to be many fighter jets on the airport, after the post-production computer special effects, the scene would change dramatically. The visual effect would be at least ten times more spectacular than the actual situation.

Everyone at the scene was extremely satisfied with the photo. Whether it was the way it was taken, or the expressions, movements, and aura of the people in the photo, or even the degree of historical accuracy of the photo, there was no fault to be found.

Spielberg even said, "I really want to use this photo as a promotional poster. This photo looks much better than Tom Cruise's' Gun '!"

"Gun" itself was already a very hot-blooded Air Force movie. It was understandable to say that it was the number one Air Force movie. However, Spielberg felt that after "Flying Tigers" was released, it would completely crush "Gun" in all aspects.

For example, the actual budget of "Flying Tigers" was higher than "Gun", and the quality of the behind-the-scenes and leading team was also higher than "Gun". Moreover, "Flying Tigers" had the support of Li Mu, and the promotional resources were more than one level higher than "Gun".

More importantly, "Gun" was more like an idol drama, while "Flying Tigers" was completely based on real history. The latter's historical weight absolutely crushed the former.

Spielberg had made many war movies. Among them, his film "Saving Private Ryan" was almost recognized as one of the best war movies, and "Band of Brothers", which he produced, was also recognized as the best war TV series. Spielberg's experience told him that, in terms of historical weight, no war movie could compare to World War II.

Therefore, in Spielberg's eyes, "Flying Tigers" would definitely become one of the top war movies, and it was possible for it to surpass the achievements of "Saving Private Ryan" and become the king of war movies.

Li Mu also spared no effort to promote "Flying Tigers". Moreover, his goal was not only to let Hua Xia and the American people pay attention to this movie and this period of history. His goal was to attract the attention of the whole world, so that people all over the world would pay attention to this movie and this period of history. Therefore, he came all the way here to visit the set, to increase the topic of this movie.

After Li Mu got the photo that he was very satisfied with, he immediately uploaded it to his Weibo through the laptop he carried with him. At the same time, he wrote, "Visiting the shooting site of the Flying Tigers. Saluting all the pilots who fought against the invaders in the sky of Huaxia for justice and peace during World War II!"

As soon as this photo was posted, it immediately became the biggest trending topic on Weibo.

Because the data of Weibo and Itter were completely interconnected, whether it was the Chinese version of Weibo or the foreign version of Itter, Li Mu had the most fans. Therefore, once his Weibo was updated, it became popular very quickly.

For those users who knew about the movie "Flying Tigers", when they saw this photo, they not only felt that the four people in this photo were extremely handsome and attracted by the powerful aura on the photo, but they also knew at once that this was the movie about the story of the Flying Tigers that Li Mu had invested in. After seeing such amazing stills, they were full of expectations for the movie.

For those users who didn't know about the movie "Flying Tigers", when they saw this photo, their first impression was that it was especially cool and handsome. Moreover, most of them could at least find two or three familiar faces in it. For example, Li Mu, who already had a very high reputation around the world, could be said to be known by everyone in the countries and regions with Internet access.

Leonardo and Tom Hanks also had a lot of fans around the world. Although Liu Ye's global influence was a lot less than the three of them, his looks and image were very good, so he wouldn't be a hindrance to this photo.