Chapter 216

Hui Ka Ming could not understand why Chen Ze, who had always had a high standard for judging people, would think so highly of Li Mu.

In a place like Beijing where crooks mixed with honest folk, there were many high-end circles. Chen Ze also had his own circle. Although he dared not say it was the best circle in Beijing, it was at least the best. He had very high requirements for making friends. Those who were capable would be the best. If they were lacking in ability, they would have to use their family background to make up for it. If they could not make up for it, then they would have to rely on their connections. If they were slightly inferior in these aspects, Chen Ze would not allow them to join his social circle.

Take Fatty Wang for example. Fatty Wang was a playboy with average ability. Although he had made quite a lot of money, he had always made use of his family's connections to make up for it. Because he had someone to guide him, he could always make up for it. Chen Ze would definitely look down on him. However, Fatty Wang's father was very powerful and was a very famous real estate developer in Beijing.

Speaking of family background, the Xu brothers' family was much bigger than Fatty Wang's. Even if they revealed the tip of the iceberg, they would be able to completely overshadow Fatty Wang's family. However, the crux was that their family was too big. Their father's generation was young and vigorous, and had six sons and five daughters. As for the younger generation, there were at least thirty people. The crux was that their grandfather had been married three times, and their eleven children came from three grandmothers' generations. No matter how big the family business was, it was watched by dozens of people. When it came to the family business, there would not be much left for each of them. Moreover, from their father's generation, some people were favored and some were out of favor, causing the power of each family to be unbalanced. Hui Ka Ming's father belonged to the side that was out of favor.

Hui Ka Ming and Chen Ze had known each other for a few years. They could be considered as good brothers. However, Hui Ka Ming and Fatty Wang were not even in the same pot. Hui Ka Ming looked down on Fatty Wang from the bottom of his heart. He was just a small real estate developer. In the eyes of the Xu family, he was not even worth a fart. However, he could only look down on Fatty Wang in his heart. If they were to talk about the real power that they could mobilize, Hui Ka Ming might not be able to compete with him.

Focusing his attention back on Li Mu, Hui Ka Ming had some doubts in his heart. He had only set up a tutoring website and gained a good reputation. What was so special about this boy who was younger than his brother?

Hui Ka Ming wanted to ask more questions, but Chen Ze was silent.

Hui Ka Ming looked at Chen Ze, then at Li Mu who was chatting with Zhang Kexuan not far away. He wondered if he should approach Li Mu to get close to him. However, after a moment of hesitation, he gave up. The Xu family was more or less prideful. He would not be able to break through the barrier in his heart to pursue a university student who was not even 20 years old.

Chen Ze saw his struggle and struggle. He shook his head. He didn't know why, but he suddenly started to dislike these guys around him.

Li Mu and Zhang Kexuan were chatting when the birthday girl, Du Wei, brought the cake to them.

Because the light was dim, Li Mu could only see Du Wei's face clearly now. Du Wei was very beautiful and had an extraordinary youthfulness. She was like a girl next door, very attractive.

Du Wei stood in front of them and said to Zhang Kexuan sweetly, "Brother Kexuan, when will your band release an album?

Many people are waiting for your first album. When the time comes, I will definitely buy a hundred copies to support you! "

Zhang Kexuan scratched his head, looked at Li Mu, then looked at Du Wei and said, "Maybe next year. There are many things to do at the end of this year. Not only do we have to prepare for a micro film, but we also have to prepare for the Spring Festival Gala. So the album will probably be released after the Spring Festival."

Du Wei exclaimed, "You are going to make a movie?"

Zhang Kexuan nodded and said, "Yes, we are preparing."

Du Wei hurriedly asked, "What kind of movie is it?

Who is the director? "

Zhang Kexuan said awkwardly, "We want to make a micro film of one of our songs."

As he said this, Zhang Kexuan looked at Li Mu and made up a story in his mind. He said, "We asked Li Mu to help us write a script for the song 'Old Boys' and make a movie with the same name around this song."

Although Du Wei did not understand what a micro film was, she still said excitedly, "That's great! I will definitely go to the cinema and buy tickets to support you!"

Seeing that Du Wei was so supportive of him, Zhang Kexuan was too embarrassed to tell her that the movie could not be released in the cinema at all, and even the time would only be one-third of a normal movie.

When everyone was sharing the cake, Hui Ka Ming went out and called a friend. First, he asked if the other party had heard of 3321. After the other party gave a definite answer, he asked if the other party knew the background of Li Mu.

The other party said that he had only seen 3321 on TV and heard about it. However, he did not study it in detail and did not know the background of its creator.

Hui Ka Ming thought about Chen Ze's unusual attitude towards Li Mu, so he said to the friend, "Help me keep an eye out for him, I think he is not only involved in 3321. Help me check if he has any other background or family background."

When the other party heard this, he couldn't help but ask, "Jiaming, do you have a conflict with Li Mu?

Let me tell you, I heard that the city and the Ministry of Education are very interested in him. They are discussing in private who will go to the National People's Congress first. I don't dare to say anything else, but this kid is definitely not someone to be trifled with in Beijing. "

Hui Ka Ming said, "Don't make wild guesses, I have no enmity with him. A friend introduced us to each other, and I want to find out more about him."

The other party hurriedly said, "Don't worry about his background for now. This kid's political capital is already unparalleled among people his age. If he maintains it well in the next few years, he'll be able to enter politics as soon as he graduates."

"Is he that awesome?"

"Yes, he is."

…

On the way back, Chen Ze drove an ordinary Honda Accord to send Zhang Kexuan and Li Mu. He first sent Zhang Kexuan to the hotel, and then sent Li Mu to the entrance of the National People's Congress.

"Let's meet up if there's a chance. I think Fatty Wang is really interested in the nightclub. I'll let you know when he has an idea."

"Okay."

Chen Ze looked at Li Mu and said, "If you don't want to interfere, just say it. Don't feel embarrassed."

Li Mu smiled and said honestly, "If you want me to invest directly, I might not want to interfere. But since you can find someone to invest on my behalf, I am quite interested."

Chen Ze saw that Li Mu was not joking, so he nodded and said, "Alright, I'll rush Fatty Wang this weekend."

Chen Ze left. On the way back to Li Mu's dormitory, he was thinking about the development of Sanlitun.

At present, Sanlitun should be the only nightclub that had not reached a certain scale. Fatty Wang also said that a few of them had already started their renovations, and they should be able to open early next year. This meant that Sanlitun, as the CBD of nightclubs, should be able to take off soon.

Right now, investing in nightclubs would definitely not make a loss. A large nightclub's annual net profit was conservatively estimated to be more than ten million. Furthermore, it was like a cash cow like a supermarket. Every day, the profits came from the cash inflow. In terms of alcohol, there was also an account period. When the money was in his account, he could use it to do other things.

However, 10% wasn't really that meaningful. It was mainly to make friends with people with power and background.

When he returned to the dormitory, except for Hu Zhengdao, the other four were packing. It was the weekend again, and they were going to Yangcheng in Nansu tomorrow morning to start another round of financial aid. This time, they were going to the hometown of the dormitory leader, Sun Jian.

Li Mu didn't have the energy to run around with the team anymore, but the four brothers in the dormitory seemed to be enjoying themselves.

Li Mu asked Sun Jian, "Are you going this time?"

Sun Jian said, "He's in the hospital. He asked me to help him pack some clothes, and he will meet us at the airport tomorrow."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Don't you usually go on Sunday?

Why are you leaving on Saturday this time? "

"Stay at my house for two days."

Sun Jian smiled and said, "Yangcheng is a famous historical city. I will bring them to Yangcheng to have some fun. Do you want to go?"

"I won't go."

Li Mu stretched and said, "For this kind of thing, you just need to get the road open for the first time. There is no need to go every time. I will go when it is my turn to go to Haizhou for financial aid."

Xue Jianfeng smiled and said, "Isn't it fast?

We will go to Yangcheng this week, my house next week, and your house the week after that. "

Li Mu smiled and said, "So you are arranged according to age."

"That's right, that's fair." Xue Jianfeng raised his eyebrows and said with a smile.

Li Yawei shook his head helplessly. "Damn, all five of you went to your hometown, but I didn't get this treatment."

Li Mu asked him with a smile, "Are there any poor students in your high school?"

Li Yawei tilted his head and thought for a long time, then said, "You don't say, there are!

There are probably more than a dozen, and the school gives them financial aid every year. "

Li Mu nodded and said, "That's it. Let's focus on the remote areas. The children there need more help than the children in Yan Jing."

"Okay, it's up to you."

Li Mu asked Li Yawei, "Aren't your parents angry that you haven't been home on the weekends?"

"No, they are happy."

Li Yawei said with a smile, "Ever since I went on TV because of the financial aid, I didn't show off much, but my parents were very happy. They recorded the show from beginning to end with a VCR and watched it at home when they had nothing to do. Today, when they heard that the focus interview was coming here, they told me that from today onwards, they would prepare a VCR for every focus interview."

Li Mu smiled knowingly. Parents should be proud of their children for doing this kind of thing. His parents often encouraged him to do well in 3321, and even proposed to donate money to 3321, but he rejected them in the end.