Chapter 737

When Li Mu said that he wanted to open an account, Wang Runqing and Zhang Weibin were instantly dumbfounded.

They didn't understand why Li Mu suddenly said that he wanted to open an account here when they were talking about the debt. What was he trying to do?

Instinctively, the two of them didn't think that Li Mu would open an account to repay the loan. In their opinion, the repayment only needed to be remitted to the designated repayment account after each loan was due. There was no need to go through the trouble of opening a new account.

They didn't figure out what Li Mu's purpose was, but Zhang Weibin was quite unhappy with Li Mu's commanding tone and attitude. He hummed and said, "Mr. Li, what we need to talk about now is the debt problem of Juncheng Real Estate. Let's talk about other things after we solve this problem."

Li Mu frowned and said rudely, "Why do you have so much nonsense to say?

The reason I asked you to call for help is to solve the debt problem, so you just have to call them up. "

Zhang Weibin was speechless and couldn't help but look at Wang Runqing. At this time, as a lackey of the Wang family, he definitely didn't dare to directly fall out with Li Mu. He could only wait for Wang Runqing to express his opinion.

At this time, Wang Runqing was also quite angry with Li Mu, but he didn't know that he was carelessly tricked by Li Mu. Even if Li Mu asked Zhang Weibin to find an employee to open an account, he still didn't believe that Li Mu could take out three billion in cash. What did three billion mean?

If it was converted to cash, one hundred million in cash would weigh as much as a ton. Three billion would weigh as much as forty tons!

So, Wang Runqing waved his hand and humphed, "Old Zhang, do as he says. I want to see if the resourceful Li Zong can play with this three billion debt."

Li Mu smiled slightly and looked at him with a caring gaze. "You don't have to worry about how I play. You just have to remember what you said just now. The Wang family is also a well-known family in Shanghai. I believe they will be responsible for what they said."

Wang Runqing sneered, "Li Mu, don't think that you can scare me. I want to see what you can do."

Zhang Weibin got the hint and immediately called a manager who was in charge of big accounts. As soon as the manager entered the room, Zhang Weibin said to Li Mu, "This is Du Shanshan, our manager who is in charge of big accounts. Du Shanshan, this is Li Zong. He wants to open an account with our bank. Please help him."

Du Shanshan nodded and opened the folder very professionally. She took out some documents and asked Li Mu, "Hello, Li Zong, what kind of account do you want to open?

A company or an individual? "

Du Shanshan was around 30 years old. Her height and looks were above average, and she had the temperament of a businesswoman. Li Mu smiled at her and said politely, "Hello, I would like to open an escrow account in the name of Wan Ying Real Estate."

Du Shanshan asked, "Escrow account?

What kind of supervision do you want?

Is it supervised by the payee or the purpose? "

"Double supervision."

Li Mu smiled faintly. His tone was calm, but he didn't give up. He said, "I want to put three billion in this escrow account. It will only be used to pay off the loan that Jun Cheng Real Estate owes your bank."

As soon as Li Mu said this, Wang Runqing's face instantly paled. He subconsciously stood up and blurted, "Li Mu, what are you playing at?!"

Li Mu frowned and said, "I'm here to pay off the loan. What does that have to do with you?"

As soon as Li Mu said this, Wang Runqing felt his heart tighten. He suddenly thought of the seven billion from Wan Ying Real Estate. His heart skipped a beat. Li Mu wouldn't grit his teeth and take three billion from Wan Ying Real Estate to put out the fire, would he?

Everyone knew that three billion invested in the real estate market now was a big deal. As long as it was done properly, the profits that could be created in three years would far exceed Jun Cheng Real Estate. No one with a normal brain would do this!

Was he an idiot?

However, seeing that Li Mu didn't look like he was joking at all, Wang Runqing couldn't help but ask himself, "Is Li Mu really that stupid?

Or is it because he's young and would rather sacrifice the huge profits in the future to prove his ability in front of Wei Lan? "

Thinking of this, Wang Runqing panicked. In the business world, people who were strong were never afraid of competition, but they were afraid of people who didn't understand the business and still tried to mess things up. If Li Mu really did this, it was his business how much loss he would suffer. The key was that Lan Ke Real Estate's wishful thinking would all go down the drain!

In a panic, Wang Runqing pointed at Li Mu and warned, "I advise you to think carefully before you make a decision. Three billion is a big number. You'll definitely regret taking it out to save Jun Cheng Real Estate."

Li Mu snorted and said with a smile, "I can't help it. I just have money. You just have to remember what you said just now. If the three buildings of Jun Cheng Real Estate are closed for less than three years, you'll change your name to Li Runqing."

As he said that, Li Mu pointed at the lawyer he brought and said, "Don't even think about reneging on the debt. Our lawyer started collecting evidence before he entered the door. At that time, your high-profile speech will definitely be popular in the entire real estate industry."

Wang Runqing subconsciously clenched his fists and blurted out, "Li, you schemed against me!"

"Don't think so highly of yourself."

Li Mu said disdainfully, "I didn't even know you were here before I came, and I schemed against you. Do you think you're worthy?"

Wang Runqing still wanted to speak, but Li Mu directly ignored him and said to Du Shanshan, "Manager Du, the money in this escrow account has two purposes. The first purpose is to repay the debts that Jun Cheng Real Estate owes your bank. There are a total of six debts, and the total amount is more than 2.85 billion yuan. After each debt is due, the escrow account must automatically transfer the corresponding amount to repay it in time."

"Don't worry about that."

Du Shanshan nodded and said, "After clarifying the purpose of the escrow account, as long as the debt of Jun Cheng Real Estate is due, the escrow account will immediately transfer the money to repay it. If there is any problem with the money in the account but it is not repaid, our bank will be responsible for the relevant responsibility."

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction and said to Du Shanshan, "After all the debts are paid off, there should be more than 140 million yuan left in the account. Does Manager Du usually have a task to solicit deposits?"

Du Shanshan nodded. "Yes, Li Zong."

Li Mu asked her curiously, "What's your annual task to solicit deposits?"

Du Shanshan smiled and said, "Li Zong, because I specialize in big clients, my annual task to solicit deposits is relatively high, about 100 million yuan."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "That's good. After all the six loans are paid off next year, the remaining money will automatically be transferred to you for two years. It's more than 140 million yuan, and your task for next year will be completed ahead of schedule."

When Du Shanshan heard this, she was immediately overjoyed and said gratefully, "Thank you, Li Zong!"

As she said this, Du Shanshan, who was greatly encouraged, took out the contract template for the escrow account and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, let's improve the specific details. If there is no problem, I will try to set up the escrow account as soon as possible before tonight."

Li Mu called over the lawyer and accountant of Wanying Securities and said, "You two meet with Manager Du and improve the details as soon as possible."

Zhang Weibin was also dumbfounded at this moment. He had no idea what he could do now. Stop Du Shanshan?

Impossible. Li Mu was here to repay the money, and he had no reason to stop him. Otherwise, the nature of the matter would be completely different. With Li Mu's ability, he could easily kill him. As a senior executive of the bank, if the other party couldn't repay the money, he could do anything to make things difficult for the other party. However, if the other party could repay the money, then he couldn't do anything.

Wang Runqing's face was ashen as he crossed his arms and looked at Li Mu coldly. His heart was in a mess. If Li Mu took out three billion yuan from Wanying Securities like a hothead, he wouldn't be able to do anything.

Right now, his heart was filled with two things. Other than the possibility of losing everything because of the embezzlement of Juncheng Real Estate, he was also very upset about what he said just now. He wanted to slap himself. If Li Mu took out three billion yuan to solve the debt problem of Juncheng Real Estate, would he really let the court block it for three years?

Wouldn't that be like making a wedding dress for it?

There were two ways to solve the matter of Juncheng Real Estate in the court. One was for the court to make the nature of Juncheng Real Estate very important in the corruption case and suppress it until the case was closed. Then, they would set a fine amount for Juncheng Real Estate. Juncheng Real Estate would only be released after paying the fine. According to the time taken for a typical corruption case to be closed, it would take at least one or two years. If it took too long, it might really drag on for three years.

The other was for the court to make the nature of Juncheng Real Estate less important and directly set a fine amount for Juncheng Real Estate to pay the fine. Then, they would separate Juncheng Real Estate from this case. Once the fine was paid, Juncheng Real Estate would no longer be affected by this case as a company. Of course, if Wei Jun was suspected of bribery, then he would be judged and convicted as an individual, but this would have nothing to do with Juncheng Real Estate.

Right now, he definitely couldn't make a wedding dress for Li Mu. However, on the other hand, he couldn't let the court immediately release it either. If that was the case, Li Mu's three billion would be earned in a blink of an eye!

The most annoying thing was that he had a cheap mouth just now. In order to act cool in front of Li Mu, he had specially made a heavy oath. Wasn't this making it hard for him to back down?

If Li Mu really asked the lawyer to collect evidence, Juncheng Real Estate wouldn't be sealed for three years. If Li Mu released the recording, would he still be able to keep his face?

Wang Runqing was very clear that all the residential real estate developers in the big cities hoped to start construction late, delay construction, and hide the property. This was because the property prices were rising too fast. It was possible that they could earn 30% more profit just three months later.

The government had very clear requirements for residential real estate developers. For example, they had to start construction within a year after purchasing the land. They had to set a time limit according to the specific planning of the project. They had to pay for the project within the stipulated time limit. After the property was completed, they couldn't hide the property in any way.

If any of these three points were violated, they would face a huge fine. It would be enough to penalize all the extra profits that they had dragged out.

Moreover, no matter what, it was extremely difficult to delay a property project that was about to be completed for three years. After all, three years was too long. The local government might even be replaced. If they did this, they would probably be punished to death.

If he really sealed Juncheng Real Estate for three years, wouldn't that be equivalent to helping him hide the property?!

This was f * cking crazy!