Chapter 1680

If the male lead in the American TV series "House of Cards" was compared to a university professor, then Schwarzenegger's political wisdom could barely be compared to that of a middle school student.

Li Mu realized that although Schwarzenegger had been elected governor, it could still be seen from this interview that his soul was still in the entertainment industry.

Celebrities in the entertainment industry were too good at exposure and too keen on exposure, so they always released satellites. Regardless of whether something was reliable or not, or how high the success rate was, they would first release it to gain a wave of attention. In this case, a certain teacher who had played the role of Sun Wukong was well versed in this. China and the United States had cooperated for more than a decade. It did not matter whether they filmed it or not, but the satellites had to be released.

However, a truly wise politician would not blindly pursue the release of satellites. He would judge the situation according to the actual situation. If there was a need to release it early, there would be no delay. If there was a need to release it late, there would be no rush.

In Li Mu's opinion, he had given Schwarzenegger face by attending his inauguration ceremony. Schwarzenegger should not have exposed himself at this time.

First of all, Schwarzenegger's eagerness to expose himself made Li Mu a little uncomfortable. He felt that he had become a capital for Schwarzenegger to brag and raise his value in front of the media. Schwarzenegger's actions were equivalent to adding a gap between the two of them.

Second, in Li Mu's opinion, even if he was a heavyweight guest, Schwarzenegger should not have exposed himself at this time. Exposing himself in advance would only increase people's expectations, but covering up the secret would stun everyone at the critical moment. The latter was obviously more impactful than the former.

This was like Hua Xia's first atomic bomb back then. After the explosion, he took the initiative to announce it to the world, bringing a huge shock to the West. On the contrary, if he were to clamor about testing the nuclear bomb in advance, not to mention how much shock it would cause, how much trouble would it cause in the process?

Li Mu had a relatively thorough understanding of this problem. If Schwarzenegger could bring certain benefits to himself, the superficial relationship would at least remain stable. After all, he would be in charge of California for eight years. If the interests were not satisfied, he would gradually drift apart and slowly break off contact.

On the second night after Schwarzenegger was elected, Spielberg, Anne Hathaway, and other Hollywood actors and staff left Hua Xia on a China Airlines Boeing 747. Li Mu was preparing to leave from Hua Xia two days before Schwarzenegger's inauguration ceremony.

The Gulfstream G550, which Chen Ze had helped Li Mu buy, had already been in his hands. Li Mu had bought it to meet the demand for travel to and from the United States and Europe. This time, he could take it out for a walk.

Because Schwarzenegger had leaked Li Mu's itinerary in advance, Li Mu had been receiving inquiries from various media outlets in the days before he left for the United States. There were even many American media outlets who wanted to take the opportunity to ask Li Mu for a face-to-face interview. Li Mu had been declined by Li Ziwei, but unexpectedly, Time Magazine had also sent an invitation to Li Mu. Their editor-in-chief expressed the hope that Li Mu could be on the cover of the next issue of Time Magazine and do an exclusive interview for Li Mu.

Li Ziwei excitedly conveyed the news to Li Mu and said happily, "Li Zong, none of our Internet entrepreneurs in Hua Xia has been on the cover of this magazine!"

Li Mu frowned slightly and asked her, "Is it the American edition or the Asian edition?"

Li Ziwei blurted out, "The American edition."

Li Mu remembered that Boss Li of Baidu had been on the cover of Time Magazine, but that seemed to be the Asian edition.

The influence of Time Magazine was indeed very great. It was a precious honor for Li Mu to be invited to be on the cover, but he was not very interested in it.

As the saying goes, people are afraid of being famous, while pigs are afraid of being fat. Li Mu was now extremely famous. There was no need to take Time Magazine too seriously, so Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "My schedule in the United States is full. I don't have time to accompany them for an interview. If they want to use me as the cover, I can authorize them to take a photo of me with my parents on my third birthday. As for the interview, forget it. They can write whatever they want to write."

Li Ziwei said in surprise, "Li Zong, this is Time Magazine!

You can't treat it so carelessly. Many people dream of being on the cover of Time Magazine. This is a good opportunity for you to promote, and it is also a great honor! "

Li Mu said with a smile, "Are you stupid? In terms of information dissemination, can Time Magazine compare with us?

It's hard to say who will use it for publicity. "

After that, Li Mu said again, "Well, don't take Time Magazine too seriously. If they think I'm good enough to be on their cover, they can write what they want to write. I don't care, but I won't take time to cooperate with them for an interview. We don't need Time Magazine to raise our value."

Li Ziwei stuck out her tongue and said, "Then you can just choose a photo of you that is more handsome. For example, the photo of you when you gave a speech at Harvard. I think there are a lot of photos that are very good."

Li Mu waved his hand and said with a smile, "Everyone chooses the photo that they are most satisfied with to be on the cover, and so am I. The photo that I am most satisfied with is not one of my photos, but the birthday photo that I took with my parents when I was three years old."

As he said that, Li Mu picked up his wallet from the desk and took out an old photo that was a little yellow. This photo was taken in an old photo studio. Li Mu was wearing a small sweater that his mother had knitted and holding a bunch of plastic flowers provided by the photo studio. His parents were squatting beside him, holding his waist and back. Although the background was the mural of Tiananmen Square, which looked very fake, the family of three had natural and happy smiles on their faces. It couldn't be more real.

In the upper right corner of the photo, there were the words "Li Mu's Third Birthday Souvenir" written in gold. The gold strokes had already become a little mottled.

Li Mu handed the photo to Li Ziwei and said, "Look, this photo is so memorable. It has me, my parents, and our Hua Xia's landmark, Tiananmen Square. If you look carefully, you can also see the fluttering five-star red flag."

Li Ziwei stared at the photo for a long time and sighed sincerely. "Godfather and godmother were really a good match when they were young."

Li Mu nodded and said, "They are both good looking and good at fighting."

Li Ziwei nodded and then thought of something. She hurriedly said, "Li Zong, isn't this photo a little too local for the US edition of Time Magazine?"

Li Mu smiled indifferently and said, "In their eyes, apart from being rich, the only thing that interests them is my exotic charm as a Huaxia person, isn't it?

If I wear a suit and tie, wouldn't that be a lot less exotic? "

Li Ziwei pursed her lips and smiled. Seeing that Li Mu was very insistent, she could only nod and say, "Okay then, I'll reply to them first and see what they think."

Li Mu said, "By the way, tell them that it doesn't matter how the content is written, but there is one thing that must be avoided."

"Tell them, I'll pass it on to them."

Li Mu said, "Don't ever say that I'm blessed by God or that I'm blessed by God. Tell them that I'm a staunch atheist."

…

Felix, the editor-in-chief of Time Magazine, was a little dissatisfied with the decision of Time Warner, the parent company of Time Magazine, to put Li Mu on the cover of the US edition of Time Magazine.

In Felix's opinion, Li Mu was indeed a very powerful person, but this guy was a white supremacist and had a strong prejudice against Hua Xia and even Asians.

He had never thought of putting Li Mu on the cover of the US edition of Time Magazine that he was in charge of, but he didn't expect that the higher-ups of Time Warner would directly call him and ask him to put Li Mu on the cover of the next issue.

While Felix protested, he suggested that the Asian editorial department of Time Magazine in Hong Kong should take the fall. In his opinion, Li Mu was an Asian, so it was natural for him to be on the cover of the Asian edition.

However, the higher-ups of Time Warner didn't give him any chance to refute. On the contrary, they gave him a strict order to put Li Mu on the cover of the next issue.

Felix realized the strong intentions of the higher-ups, so he sent someone to send an email to Li Mu's assistant, Li Ziwei, and got in touch.

Felix originally thought that when Li Mu heard this news, he would definitely agree without hesitation, because this was an absolute honor for any entrepreneur from Hua Xia.

In Felix's opinion, so far, no entrepreneur from Hua Xia had been able to appear on the cover of Time Magazine, and in Japan, which was not far from Hua Xia, only entrepreneurs like Panasonic's founder, Matsushita Konosuke, and Sony's founder, Akio Morita, who had many years of fame in the West, would have such an opportunity. Li Mu was expected to become the number one person in Hua Xia's family. For him, this would definitely be a dream come true.

Just as he was thinking about this, his assistant ran over and reported, "Mr. Felix, Li Mu's personal assistant just spoke to me on the phone. She said that Li Mu can be on our cover, but there are a few requirements."

Felix snorted coldly and said, "Let him be on the cover? What other requirements does he have?"

The assistant nodded and said awkwardly, "Li Mu specified a photo taken with his parents when he was three years old. He also said that if we want him to appear on the cover, we must use this photo."

"What a piece of sh * t!"

Felix sneered. "So far, I've never heard of an adult who would use a childhood photo to appear on Time Magazine."

The assistant said helplessly, "Also, Li Mu said that he won't accept any interviews, so if we want to write about him, we can only rely on our own efforts."

"He won't accept any interviews?!

He's really putting on airs! "

The assistant nodded and said, "What Li Ziwei means is that we can freely express ourselves. As long as we don't deliberately attack Li Mu, there's no problem."

After saying that, he thought of something and hurriedly added, "Oh right, there's one last point. Li Mu said that he's an atheist, so when we write about him, we can't mention God …"