Chapter 467

After hanging up the phone, Chen Guanghua suddenly came to his senses. After understanding everything, the anger in his heart could not be described with words. He never dreamed that he would be in such a passive position today because of a conflict between his wife and someone else in the restaurant.

When he first heard about this from his wife, he thought that the other party was just a college student with a bit of a reputation. He never thought that the other party would have such a strong background. Now that he knew the truth, he almost wanted to beat Zhang Lan up. He cursed in his heart, "This prodigal woman caused this trouble. Not only did she ruin the chance of our company's meteoric rise, she might even ruin the lifeline of our company."

He returned home full of anger. As soon as he entered the house, he saw Chen Yueyue arguing with Zhang Lan in the living room. She screamed and shouted, "I don't care!

I want to go to the Film Academy!

If you don't solve this problem, I'll run away from home! "

Zhang Lan was also angry. "I don't have time to care about your mess now. If you want to run away from home, then run away. Out of sight, out of mind!"

Chen Yueyue was so angry that she cried. Coincidentally, she saw her father coming back. She immediately rushed to him, grabbed his sleeve and shook it violently. She cried and said, "Dad, I don't care, I want to go to the Film Academy!

I want to go to the … "

"F * ck you!"

Exasperated, Chen Guanghua raised his hand and slapped Chen Yueyue's face hard. Then, he pointed at her and scolded as if he had lost his mind, "You're always causing trouble outside all day long. You won't be able to show off when this family is completely ruined!"

Chen Yueyue, who was beaten for the first time in her life, burst into tears. Seeing this, Zhang Lan immediately rushed over and pulled her daughter behind her. She said to Chen Guanghua, "Chen, are you crazy?

You caused trouble outside and you can't solve it. Why are you taking it out on your daughter at home?

If you have the ability, go and fight someone else! "

When Chen Guanghua heard what she said, he really understood what it meant to be enraged. That damned Zhang Lan didn't even know that she was the one who caused so much trouble, and she still came to talk to him like this. The humiliation and anger that he had accumulated for so many days completely erupted at this moment. He suddenly swung his fist and punched Zhang Lan's face, causing her to stumble and fall to the ground.

Chen Guanghua, who had lost his mind, took a step forward. He grabbed Zhang Lan's neck and shook it with all his might. He scolded, "I caused trouble?

This is all your fault, yet you want me to do it to someone else?

The Japanese company that I've been chasing after for so long has gone bankrupt, and the factory is about to go bankrupt as well. There are so many people chasing after me, asking for compensation, and you're still f * cking yelling at me?! "

Zhang Lan was stunned. She was also stunned by his vigorous shaking, but when she heard his words, she asked with difficulty, "What did you say?

How is this trouble caused by the two of us?

Who did the two of us offend? "

Chen Guanghua stopped shaking Zhang Lan's neck and slapped her face twice. His hands were aching from the slaps. He scolded angrily, "Why did you provoke that Li guy when you were eating at Fayue that day?"

Zhang Lan subconsciously explained, "He scolded your daughter for not having a good upbringing. How could I be happy listening to it?"

Chen Guanghua glared at Chen Yueyue, who was scared silly, and scolded Zhang Lan angrily, "My daughter is also f * cking spoiled by you. Look at her, does she still look like a child all day long?

That day, if she hadn't messed with her classmate from the training class, would that Li guy have a conflict with you?!

If you guys were fine that day, I would have come back with the joint venture contract of the Japanese company! "

Zhang Lan didn't have much confidence. She stammered, "What do you mean by saying all this?

What does this have to do with Li guy? "

Chen Guanghua scolded angrily, "Do you f * cking know that all of this is because of him?!"

Zhang Lan was dumbfounded. She didn't have the mood to care about Chen Guanghua hitting her. She asked in shock, "What did you say?

All of this is caused by that Li guy? "

Chen Guanghua had also vented enough and was a little more rational. He sat on the ground, took out a cigarette, and lit it. After a few puffs, he told Zhang Lan what the old leader had told him over the phone.

Zhang Lan was dumbfounded. "You're saying that the Xu family and the Chen family are messing with our family together?"

Chen Guanghua nodded and said with a dark face, "They're both helping Li guy vent his anger."

Zhang Lan hurriedly asked, "Can you find someone to talk to them?

Ask for mercy. At most, we can just apologize and let this matter go … "

Chen Guanghua looked at Zhang Lan as if he was looking at an idiot. "What's wrong with your f * cking brain?

If I could find someone to talk to them, would the situation be like this today? "

After Zhang Lan heard this, she didn't feel wronged at all. She was just shocked, scared, and regretful. She cried and said, "I didn't expect that Li guy to be so capable. It was just a quarrel. Who knew that it would end up like this …"

Chen Guanghua said, "What's the use of saying this now?

They didn't release the news before because they wanted to give us some pressure and teach us a lesson. Now that they've released the news, let's see what we'll do after we find out. "

Zhang Lan asked, "Then what should we do?"

Chen Guanghua said angrily, "Other than apologizing and thinking of a way to ask for his forgiveness, what else can we do?

If Li guy isn't satisfied and doesn't agree, our family's factory probably won't be able to work anymore. "

…

The final test of YY was coming to an end. Li Mu and Kong Lingyu were chatting leisurely. Li Mu was quite satisfied with the product that was going to be released soon. He said, "Old Kong, you contributed a lot to the YY gaming platform being able to be released so early. When it's released, I'll give you and the YY gaming platform's project team a project bonus of 500,000 yuan. You can decide how to distribute it."

Kong Lingyu smiled and said, "I wanted to find a chance to talk to you about this. I don't really mind, but the project team's employees have been working very hard recently. If there's a project bonus, it'll be a form of affirmation and encouragement for everyone."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The project bonus is a given. I'll remember it even if you don't mention it. In addition, the YY gaming platform is the first independent client product in the YY ecosystem after YY's release. The future operation of this product is very important to the entire YY ecosystem. You have to spend more effort on it."

Kong Lingyu immediately said, "Don't worry, Boss. I understand."

Li Mu added, "The company is getting involved in more and more fields and products, and the team is getting bigger and bigger. You and Qing Ya have to pay special attention to the cultivation of the company's middle management. In the future, every department and every project team must have someone who can completely carry it."

"Understood."

As he spoke, Li Mu's phone rang. He took it out of his pocket and was shocked by the unfamiliar number on it: 138xxxx8888. It was four consecutive numbers, and it was four eights. This number was obviously not ordinary. Li Mu picked up the phone curiously and said hello. Then, he heard a woman stuttering on the phone, "Hello … Are you Mr. Li Mu?"

"That's me. Who are you?"

The other party smiled awkwardly and said, "Hello, Mr. Li. I'm Zhang Lan, Chen Yueyue's mother …"

Li Mu frowned. At first, he was wondering why this woman was calling him.

Then, he remembered that he had left her his phone number at that time. Could it be that she had something to complain about?

So, Li Mu asked her coldly, "What's the matter?"

Zhang Lan immediately said in an extremely flattering voice, "I'm calling you to apologize to you. That day at Fayue, my child and I offended you. I hope you can forgive us and forgive us for our impudence."

Li Mu thought that with this woman's character, the possibility of her taking the initiative to call him to apologize was almost zero. Although he didn't know what her purpose was, he was sure that she must have something to ask of him.

So, Li Mu said with some impatience, "If you have something to say, just say it. Otherwise, I'll hang up."

Zhang Lan hurriedly said, "Please don't hang up!

Mr. Li, our family of three has realized that what my child and I did that day was wrong. My wife has been blaming me and asking me to apologize to you … "

Without waiting for her to finish, Li Mu directly hung up the phone. This woman was full of nonsense. With her character, the possibility of her taking the initiative to admit her mistake and apologize was almost zero.

Zhang Lan didn't expect Li Mu to directly hang up the phone. While she was stunned, Chen Guanghua said, "Call another one and get straight to the point. Ask him what he needs to do to satisfy him and how he can make the Xu and Chen families stop. Let him state his conditions first."

Zhang Lan nodded and called Li Mu again. Li Mu picked up the phone with some disgust and asked her, "What are you trying to say?"

Zhang Lan's tone was very soft. "Mr. Li, to tell you the truth, we have indeed realized our mistake. We really want to apologize and reconcile with you. If you have any conditions or requests, just tell us. We will try our best to satisfy them. After the matter is resolved, we also hope that you can be magnanimous and let our factory live …"

Although Li Mu was a little confused, he still guessed some information from her words. It seemed that she came to him because of the problem with the factory, but he didn't do anything to her family's factory. The most likely possibility was that someone was doing it for him.

So, Li Mu said, "I don't need your apology. The people you should really apologize to are Wang Xinran and her family. Only after you get their forgiveness can this matter be considered resolved."

After saying that, Li Mu hung up the phone again and called Chen Ze.

He was probably the only one who had the ability to mess with other people's factories to the point where they had no way out.

Sure enough, when Li Mu asked casually, Chen Ze frankly admitted on the phone, "After hearing about Fa Yue's matter, Jiaming and I were thinking of helping you get back at them." Then, he told the general situation to Li Mu.

After listening, Li Mu smiled and said, "That's good. This will make them remember."

Chen Ze said, "But Jiaming and I didn't mean to be ruthless. If their attitude is good and you are satisfied, I will stop them for a month. If their attitude is bad, we will stop them until their attitude is good."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Okay, I will treat you to a meal another day."

Chen Ze said, "Why not tomorrow? Tomorrow is the weekend. No one has anything to do."

Li Mu said, "You have nothing to do, but I have something to do."

"What is it?"