Chapter 512

The next morning, Li Mu gathered Kong Lingyu, Lin Ching-ah, Ding Jian, and the team from Easy Listening Network for a meeting in his office to discuss the preparation for the release of the MangoMP3 player.

There was still more than a week before Taobao went online. The first batch of 31,000 MP3 players from the two OEM factories in China and Taiwan had been shipped. They would arrive in Beijing within three days. Li Mu's tentative plan was to make reservations on Easy Listening Network first, then start sales on June 6th, the day Taobao went online. The shipment would start a week later, which was June 13th.

During this period of time, the OEMs had to coordinate the production capacity, arrange the production plan, start the mold, produce the samples, and then produce the first batch of goods. Hence, the efficiency was relatively slow. However, after these preparations were completed, they could deliver the goods once a week. Furthermore, they had a contract to produce more than two million units. In the future, they would be able to distribute more and more production capacity to Mango. In this case, Li Mu had a buffer period of almost twenty days from now until June 13th. He could directly release the first batch of 100,000 units into the market.

Li Mu's plan was to officially expose the MangoMP3 player on Easy Listening Network and YY on June 1st. The content would include the appearance, parameters, and price of the MangoMP3 player. However, the sales channel would not be exposed. In other words, users would only know that Makino Technology had customized a batch of very fashionable MP3 players for sale. The price was about 40% off the market price. However, they would not know how Easy Listening Network would sell them. Moreover, Easy Listening Network would only sell the first batch of 100,000 units on June 6th. However, users who were interested could make reservations first. Only those who made reservations would have the opportunity to purchase the MangoMP3 on June 6th.

This way, the news of Easy Listening Network stirring up the MP3 market could be released on Easy Listening Network and YY. It would cause a huge uproar, but it would not expose Taobao. The truth would only be revealed when Taobao went online.

The people in the meeting did not quite understand Li Mu's pre-sales. They did not understand why users had to make reservations before they could place orders. No one had used this method before.

Li Mu was reborn in an era where e-commerce was flourishing. Even if he had not tried all kinds of internet marketing strategies before, he was already used to them. Whether it was Xiaomi's hunger marketing or Tmall and Jingdong's pre-sales model during the Double 11, they all had their pros and cons. Therefore, Li Mu was prepared to play a combination of hunger marketing and pre-sales.

First, I'll use Xiaomi's strategy to advertise how good my product is, how awesome the design is, how awesome the hardware is, and how affordable the price is. I'll use Xiaomi's strategy to advertise how good my product is, how awesome the design is, how awesome the hardware is, and how affordable the price is. I'll tell them that I only have 100,000 units in stock for the first time, which means that it will be hard to get them. Don't worry, they can come and make a reservation first. Reservations don't cost anything, but only by making a reservation will you have the right to buy my product.

Hence, Li Mu became an internet marketing guru for the first time. He gave his core team a vivid and forward-looking e-commerce marketing lesson.

Li Mu said, "You just have to remember one thing. When it comes to external publicity, our products are always the best, and you must learn to compare our strengths with the weaknesses of our competitors. As long as it's our advantage, you can brag about it boldly. If you encounter our weakness, then learn to play to our strengths and avoid our weaknesses, and don't mention it at all."

"Once our product is accepted by the users, we have to show that it is a rare product. The first batch of 100,000 Mango MP3 players must be sold out within three minutes. We have to let all the users who did not buy it feel like they are losing out if they can't buy it!"

Ding Jian asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, what if the users are not sold out within three minutes?"

Li Mu stared at him. "Then create the illusion that the product was sold out!

Even if only 10,000 or 5,000 units are sold within three minutes, you have to stop selling it on the system immediately and show everyone that it is sold out! "

Kong Lingyu was stunned. "Boss, isn't this fake?"

Li Mu asked him, "The Jiangnan Tannery downstairs has been saying that it is the last day for half a month. What do you think of this phenomenon?"

Kong Lingyu said awkwardly, "I don't believe it at all. I don't even look at it."

Li Mu said, "That's you. They say that it is the last day every day. Their potential customers exclude people like you who pass by here every day. If you don't take the bait on the first day, you will never be a potential customer. Their potential customers are the people who pass by the shop for the first time every day. They are the real potential customers. As long as they maintain the potential customers, they can make money. As long as they can make money, they will continue to open the shop here. They will still say that every day is the last day. When this place really can't make money, it will be time for them to leave."

Kong Lingyu said, "But we are not small traders. We are such a big company. If we still do this …"

Li Mu said solemnly, "If you want to do marketing, you don't have any psychological pressure. You have to focus all your energy on how to make customers interested in your product. Of course, in the process of marketing, you can exaggerate appropriately, but you can't exaggerate infinitely."

As he said that, Li Mu continued, "As for the panic buying, do as I say. At 8 pm on June 6th, Taobao will officially go online. At 8 pm sharp, Mango's flagship store will go online and start selling at the same time. At 8: 03 pm, no matter how many units are sold, the front desk must show that they are sold out. Let the customers wait patiently for the next panic buying. Only in this way can we create an aura of our products in the market, attract more attention, and attract more potential customers."

Although some people did not strongly agree with what Li Mu said, since this was already Li Mu's order, everyone immediately followed it.

Li Mu said again, "Ding Jian, in the next two days, you have to communicate with the leaders of Yanjing Post. You must make sure that their EMS business fully supports our logistics." Currently, logistics was still very backward.

Among the civilian express delivery companies that would flourish in the future, most of them had not been established yet. The ones that had already started were Home Express, Shentong, and SF Express. At the moment, Home Express was the strongest, followed by Shentong. SF Express was still focusing on the small cake of Pearl River Delta and Shenzhen-Hong Kong. They had not adjusted their strategic direction. Therefore, the most reliable express delivery company at the moment was the postal service's EMS. At least with Yanjing as the center, the EMS in all the third-tier cities in the country had a relatively good timeliness.

Ding Jian said, "Li Zong, don't worry. I've already contacted the EMS side. The 100,000 machines can be directly distributed to the ten business offices to be handled. I guarantee that they can leave Yanjing within a day."

Li Mu nodded in satisfaction. Express delivery now did not have any timeliness to speak of, so it was already very, very good to be able to leave the place of departure within a day. Under normal circumstances, express delivery now paid attention to the utilization of resources rather than timeliness. In order to allocate enough goods to the vehicles, some business offices might backlog a line of goods for two or three days before sending them all at once.

After the meeting, Li Mu asked Ding Jian and the person-in-charge of Easy Listening Network to publish the pre-sale information of Mango MP3 on Easy Listening Network as soon as possible. When everyone began to prepare for the pre-sale of the MP3, Sun Qian found Li Mu and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, Zhang Yao just handed me a resignation letter."

Li Mu frowned. "The Zhang Yao who just joined yesterday?"

Sun Qian nodded.

Li Mu could not help but say, "It can't be, right?

Is Chen Hui too impatient and scared the other party? "

Li Mu had always been more concerned about Chen Hui's matters. On one hand, it was because he did see the shadow of his previous life in Chen Hui, so he decided to help him. On the other hand, he also felt that a person like Chen Hui was worthy of a beautiful love.

However, the woman had asked for her resignation on the first day. That made Li Mu instinctively think that Chen Hui had messed things up.

At this moment, Sun Qian smiled and said, "Chen Hui is quite impatient. I don't know how he's so capable. Zhang Yao just joined yesterday, and Chen Hui settled her. Today, when Zhang Yao handed in her resignation letter, she confessed to me that she and Chen Hui had already decided to be together. In order not to make things difficult for the company, she took the initiative to resign and leave so that Chen Hui could continue to develop in the company."

"F * ck."

The plot had reversed 180 degrees from what he had imagined. Li Mu could not help but exclaim. Then, he came back to his senses and said with a smile, "This Chen Hui is really capable!

It's only been less than 24 hours since they met for the first time in a few years … "

Sun Qian smiled and said, "It's probably because the two of them still have feelings for each other, so it's just a matter of time."

Li Mu said, "Since it's a matter of time, we can't break up an affectionate couple. Special circumstances require special treatment. You can communicate with the two of them. Both of them can stay in Makino Technology at the same time, but they must distinguish between work and private matters. If there's a situation where there's a mix-up, don't blame the company for being unreasonable."

Sun Qian nodded and said, "Then I'll talk to them privately about this later."

Li Mu nodded and called Lin Ching-ah over to discuss some details about employee relationships with her. Lin Ching-ah said, "At present, big companies have relatively clear regulations prohibiting employees from dating. We're not the only one."

Li Mu said, "We don't encourage employees to date, but we can't absolutely prohibit it either. Nowadays, white-collar workers living in big cities are under too much pressure. Apart from work, they spend the rest of their time resting. Other than colleagues, they hardly know any friends. Office romances are very common. We just need to hold three points of view. First, office romances cannot involve sensitive positions, such as human resources or finance. Second, office romances cannot affect work. Third, once office romances become de facto marriages, we can ask one of them to resign. As long as these three points are well controlled, office romances are not impossible."