Chapter 146

The five people in dormitory 606 were a little puzzled. Now that they had the opportunity to stop Wu Shuai from making money, why did Li Mu insist on letting them earn the money?

In the face of the five people's doubts, Li Mu said with a smile, "Once they earn this money, it's equivalent to putting a hot potato into their pants. At that time, it won't be a matter of throwing it away because it's too hot. They will only have two choices when the time comes. They can either endure the pain and continue to put the money in their pants, or they can take it out of their pants in front of all the teachers and students."

Everyone immediately understood.

Was the best way to catch a thief to stop him before he made a move?

Of course not. In this case, if he didn't succeed once, he would immediately transfer his energy to do the next one. The best way to catch a thief was to catch him after he got the stolen goods, completely convict him, and make him unable to turn over.

After figuring this out, the mood of the people in dormitory 606 suddenly became much better. Sun Jian said excitedly, "Brothers, we must unite these days and do all the work well. We must not give them any chance to take advantage of us. Even the hygiene of our dormitory must be spotless, in case those guys from the Student Union come to check the hygiene and find fault with us."

Li Yawei nodded and said, "Damn it, I have to throw the hot potato away quickly!"

Xue Jianfeng immediately said, "Let's not smoke in the dormitory during this period of time!"

Li Mu said to Liu Nian, who had been greatly wronged today, "Liu Nian, I support you if you want to work part-time to study, but we can't work for those bastards from the Student Union at school. I happen to have a job opportunity at hand. In the early stage, it's five yuan an hour. If you do it well, I guarantee that you can earn at least fifteen yuan an hour in the later stage."

The people in the dormitory were dumbfounded, especially Hu Zhengdao. He said resentfully, "Mu Ge, I only earn two and six yuan an hour. If you have a job that's five or ten yuan an hour, can you recommend it to me?"

Li Mu suddenly felt that it was time to take advantage of this opportunity to share the 3321 plan with the brothers in the dormitory. Originally, he wanted to wait until tomorrow night when he had dinner with Zhao Ziqiu and the others in the dormitory. But now, the brothers in dormitory 606 had a hostility, so he needed to divert their attention.

So, Li Mu stood up and solemnly said to the five people in the dormitory, "I have a cousin who has a small achievement in the Internet industry. I thought of a project a few days ago, and he is willing to invest in me. Now the project has taken shape, but I'm short of people. I don't know if anyone is interested?"

Li Mu used more than an hour to explain the 3321 project plan to the five brothers in the dormitory in detail. From the goal to the implementation to the prospects, Li Mu analyzed and explained everything to everyone. Almost from the fifth minute onwards, these people were so shocked that they couldn't close their mouths. When Li Mu finished, the five people felt that their jaws were sore.

They couldn't believe that everyone was living and studying under the same roof. The other five people hadn't even adapted to the university environment, but Li Mu had already begun to secretly plan such a huge entrepreneurial project!

Moreover, this project was too pretentious. Li Mu didn't want to make money, but he wanted to find a platform for the vast number of college talents to create value. On this platform, they didn't need to work part-time as clerks, typists, or odd jobs. They only needed to use their own knowledge and experience in the college entrance examination to teach high school children. Not only would they be able to receive generous remuneration, but they would also be able to gain the employer's respect and reflect their own value. This idea was so awesome that it made people want to slap their hands!

As the most senior member in the dormitory, Sun Jian immediately expressed his opinion excitedly, "Third Brother!

As the leader of the dormitory, I'd like to say something. Since your cousin is willing to invest hundreds of thousands in this project that isn't about making money, then the six of us in Dormitory 606 should also do the same. You can tell us how to promote 3321, but we definitely won't ask for a salary! "

The other four immediately responded. They felt that this was a very meaningful matter. From the moment they understood the position of 3321 and its future development prospects, they decided to do their best to participate. It could bring great convenience to all the university students, and it made them feel that they had a mission on their shoulders.

However, Li Mu said, "Those who aren't willing to work for money are not allowed to participate in this project. My cousin's investment includes the budget for the promotion costs. The promotion specialists who participate in the promotion will each have a base salary of five yuan per hour. In order to not affect our studies, we'll have four hours a day from Monday to Friday, and eight hours a day on Saturday and Sunday."

"So high?!" Hu Zhengdao blurted out, "Isn't setting such a high salary squandering?

How many people do we need to promote the promotion? "

Li Mu smiled and said, "In the beginning, we will rely on everyone's help. We have to play to the characteristics of social interaction. Everyone will try to mobilize a few reliable classmates, friends, and fellow countrymen to come over. Our promotion goal is: all 26 985 and 211 universities in Yan Jing must have three to five people to promote them!"

"Oh my god!

More than a hundred people! "

Sun Jian quickly did the math. "Let's calculate based on a hundred people. Four hours a day from Monday to Friday, 20 yuan per person. Five days is 100 yuan. Eight hours a day on Saturday and Sunday, 40 yuan per person. Two days is 80 yuan. One week is 180 yuan. One hundred people will be 18,000 yuan!"

The others were also shocked by this number. Just the promotion staff's salary for a week was 18,000 yuan. Wasn't this too high?

Li Mu didn't care about this. He laughed and scolded, "We're not asking you to pay, so why are you worrying about this?

If you're willing to do it, we'll do it together. If you're not willing, we won't force you. "

Li Mu's consideration was simple. Even if he were to be a profiteer, he would only be able to save half of the cost based on the social standards of part-time jobs. He was someone who was about to raise a few million yuan and cash out more than a million yuan. It was meaningless to be stingy and save on this little bit of cost.

Wouldn't it be better to let his classmates earn more money and have more money?

Seeing that Li Mu was so determined, no one complained anymore. They all expressed their determination to participate. No matter what, they had to make 3321 a success so that it would benefit all the students in the universities.

After Li Yawei expressed her opinion, she raised her hand and said, "Mu Ge, actually, our initial task is to let the students of the universities know about 3321 and register there to complete their personal information, right?"

"That's right."

Li Mu nodded and smiled. "This is the first step. After we're almost done, we can move on to the parents of the third year students."

Li Yawei asked again, "Are we experimenting with the National People's Congress and Yan University?"

"Yes."

Li Yawei smiled and said, "Then you have to mobilize Su Yingxue. Her position in the hearts of the boys in our school is unparalleled. If she helps with the publicity, the National People's Congress will probably be done in a day. In addition, you have to talk to Zhao Ziqiu about Yan University. As long as she's willing to stand up and help, Yan University will definitely be done quickly."

Li Mu raised his eyebrows. Why didn't he think of this?

Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu, one was recognized as the new campus belle in the National People's Congress. Although the other hadn't won the title of campus belle yet, she was still one of the top beauties in Yan University. The lethality of beautiful women was endless. If the two of them really helped with all their strength, the publicity speed would definitely be very fast.

However, Li Mu also felt a little unbearable and shameless. Was it really good to take advantage of the appearance of the two girls?

At the thought of having dinner with the girls in Zhao Ziqiu's dormitory tomorrow night, Li Mu thought of making it clear to Zhao Ziqiu and seeing if she was willing to help. As for Su Yingxue, whether he asked her for help or not, he should greet her in advance. Otherwise, it would be too distant to let her know when he started.

Thinking about it, Zhao Kang still didn't know that he was planning this project. He might as well call them out for supper and have a good talk with the two of them.

…

Su Yingxue didn't know how many boys had invited her to dinner since school started, but she had never considered any of them. However, every time Li Mu looked for her, she would agree without hesitation. She didn't feel anything, but the people in her dormitory felt the huge difference in treatment.

At eight or nine o 'clock in the evening, Su Yingxue was about to go out with a call from Li Mu. The girls in the dormitory asked Su Yingxue where she was going so late at night. Su Yingxue said, "I'm going to have supper with my high school classmates."

The girl in the lower bunk of Su Yingxue hurriedly asked, "Is it that Li Mu?

The super handsome guy! "

Su Yingxue smiled. "Yes, he is very handsome."

"He's very awesome!"

The girl said with a smile. "I heard from a second-year friend of mine that a few days ago, he got into a fight with four or five people from the school's swimming team on the field. He injured three of them by himself. He's so arrogant!"

Su Yingxue was shocked. "Li Mu got into a fight with others?

When did this happen?

Is he injured? "

The girl didn't expect Su Yingxue to be so concerned about Li Mu. She was shocked, but she said, "He's fine. Three people from the school's swimming team were injured. It was quite a sensation at the time. There was even a post by the pool. You didn't follow it?"

Su Yingxue hurriedly put on her jacket and said, "I didn't go on that forum. I'll go out first. We'll talk later."

Su Yingxue opened the door and left after saying that. The girls in the dormitory exchanged glances. One of them said, "It seems that the boys in our school are going to be completely disappointed."

"Why?"

"Because they don't have a chance to pursue Ying Xue."

Su Yingxue left the dormitory and went straight to the east gate of the school. Li Mu had agreed to meet here on the phone. She ran all the way and finally saw Li Mu. Su Yingxue asked first, "You got into a fight with someone?"

Li Mu's face flashed with surprise. He nodded and asked, "How did you know?"

"My roommate told me. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. I'm fine."

Su Yingxue was slightly relieved. When she came, she was still worried about whether Li Mu was injured or not, but after hearing him say that, her hanging heart was mostly relieved. However, she still couldn't help grumbling, "This isn't like home. You have to control your temper normally and try not to get into conflicts with others."

Li Mu nodded. "If people don't offend me, I won't offend them. I might be able to tolerate people taking off my pants, but I can't stand people taking off my underwear."

Su Yingxue sighed helplessly. "I feel like you've changed a lot recently. You're so independent now. No one can persuade you otherwise."

Li Mu waved his hand and smiled. "Alright. Since you've said that, I'll control myself in the future."

Su Yingxue nodded and asked, "Do you have something to talk about for supper all of a sudden?"

Li Mu smiled. "I have an appointment with Kangzi. There's a skewer shop nearby. Let's talk while we eat."

"Okay."

When Li Mu and Su Yingxue arrived at the skewer shop, Zhao Kang was already there. The three of them sat down and chatted for a while. Li Mu went straight to the point. "I've planned a project. It's going to be released soon."

When he heard that a project was going to be released, Zhao Kang's eyes lit up. "What project?"

Su Yingxue, on the other hand, was at a loss. Didn't they say they were going to university?

She hadn't even started studying yet. What project was Li Mu planning?

Unlike Su Yingxue, Zhao Kang knew Li Mu better. Since the beginning, when the two of them were involved in the stoneware business, he had been watching Li Mu's continuous growth. Now, Yi Ting and Tieba were like the sun in the sky. Although he didn't really participate in these two projects, he had followed them all the way from the beginning. He knew the value of these two websites. Therefore, when Li Mu said that there was a new project, he knew that this project wouldn't be small.

Li Mu explained the situation of 3321 to the two of them. He explained it more thoroughly than he did to his roommates. He didn't lie to the two of them and say that this project was invested in by his so-called cousin. Instead, he directly said that he was going to use money to run this project.

Su Yingxue was very surprised. "Where are you going to get so much money?"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "I already have it. I asked my family for it. My family's store is very popular."

Su Yingxue heard that Li Mu's family opened a store. Although she was very surprised, it was still Li Mu's parents' business. Now that Li Mu said that he was going to use money from his family to start 3321, and the initial plan was a six-figure investment, she couldn't help but be a little worried.

Su Yingxue said, "3321's plan is really good, and it has a lot of meaning. In this case, we can try to apply for support from the school or the government. I can ask my aunt and uncle later. They should have some connections in Beijing. If there are policies, we can think of a way to apply."

Li Mu smiled slightly. "It's better not to apply for subsidies from the school or the government. It's more troublesome to apply for subsidies. First, we have to register a company. Then, there are requirements for the company's registration location and the number of employees. We can only get the application if we meet the requirements. Right now, I just want to do 3321, and I'm not going to corporatize it. After all, I'm still in school. This project will be promoted in major universities.

If we put the two together, there is a big difference in nature. The information on the Internet now is not as transparent and open as it will be in the future. If it's just an individual who creates a website, it won't be too obvious. But if it's corporatized, it will be troublesome. All kinds of information will have to be publicized, and it may even involve the future Makino Technology. In the future, Makino Technology will be based on Yi Ting and Tieba, and will definitely develop rapidly. According to his plan, at most a few months, Makino Technology will start a series B financing. He also wants to create a personal space based on Tieba. He also wants to put "Steal Vegetables" on his personal space. The speed of development in the future will be so fast that it will be unimaginable to the people in the Internet industry, let alone those who don't know the industry.