Chapter 506

When the industry turned their noses up at YY123, Li Xingping was so anxious that he could not even speak.

He realized that Makino Technology's YY123 had completely copied his ideas, but because it had a strong design and development team, it was more than one level higher than Hao123.

And with Muye Technology's ecosystem, they could always play around with any of their products.

For example, YY123 also enabled one-click login for YY users. Li Xingping did not understand at first. It was a navigational website that was like a tool. Was it not superfluous to open up user registration and login functions?

Instead, it would increase the cost of users' actions. It was not as convenient as Hao123. However, when he actually opened YY, he realized how awesome YY123 was.

YY123 had added a custom section under the secondary navigation bar on the homepage. Users could customize their favorites here, and this favorite had the cloud record function.

User A logged into YY and opened YY123. Then, he customized the websites he frequented on the interface of YY123. The next time he switched to another computer, as long as he logged into YY and opened YY123, these customized sections would immediately appear from the cloud. It was extremely fast. After all, a link was just a string of characters. The data flow was so small that it was negligible. The small icons also took up very little space. Therefore, even if the user switched to another computer, he could instantly synchronize the data from the cloud to the local page.

It was this function that made Li Xingping panic.

Li Xingping was like a street vendor practicing at night to stick a film on his phone. Under normal circumstances, he relied on his superior skills to make a living and was not afraid of competitors. However, if one day, the phone manufacturer provided a film service for the phone when it left the factory, and the craftsmanship and materials were better than his, it would really be fatal.

Strong integration of resources and product linkage had always been the core elements of Li Mu's guarantee of YY's competitiveness. He had carefully laid out so many product architectures that were closely linked. How could Li Xingping stand a chance against him?

Hao123 had a lot of traffic, but Makino Technology also had a lot of users. A pop-up window in the lower right corner of YY could bring millions of traffic to YY. For Li Xingping, who was fighting alone and had no other products to rely on, this was like the end of the world.

Li Mu personally came up with a slogan for YY123: "The real internet starts here". He then requested YY to provide a pop-up window for users every day. When users saw the words "The real internet starts here", they would subconsciously wonder what the real internet was. They might even develop a psychological suggestion: "Isn't surfing the real internet by themselves?"

Driven by curiosity, the user clicked to enter and immediately opened YY123 and completed the automatic login. At this time, there was a warm reminder to tell the user to customize a navigation website that belonged to them.

Was it highly technical?

It was not high at all.

Was the effect awesome?

It was f * cking awesome.

Once YY123 was launched, with its powerful customization function and perfect cloud system, it brought an excellent experience to users. Even those who were too lazy to go to navigation websites were happy to customize their own navigation station. In this day and age, there were countless products on the Internet, but there were very few that could truly give users autonomy. YY Space, for example, had a strong openness that allowed users to customize a lot of content, which was why it was greatly sought after by users. Even now, YY123 still excited users.

Li Xingping's life was originally very comfortable. While Hao123 was looked down upon by many, it contributed him a few hundred thousand in advertising revenue every month. Li Xingping's ability to earn a few hundred thousand in this era changed his life completely. With Hao123's help, he bought a big house and a luxurious car in Yang Cheng. Every now and then, he would drive back to his hometown and get drunk with a few friends. Then, he would return to Yang Cheng to live the life of a tycoon in the big city. He had been living this kind of comfortable life for a long time. In fact, he had been living this kind of comfortable life ever since Hao123 was born. There had never been a real competitor. He was like a fish that owned a lake all to himself, relaxed and content.

But now, an enemy that could be called a domestic Internet giant had appeared and directly become his most direct competitor. Li Xingping was anxious because of this. He was afraid that Makino Technology would destroy him like how it destroyed QQ.

However, what Li Xingping did not expect was that Li Mu already had the mentality of eating him up. He wanted to strike him from online to offline, from virtual to real. There were only two paths in front of him. He could either be acquired by Makino Technology, or wait to be killed by Makino Technology.

As early as when he formulated the strategy of attacking first and buying later, Li Mu had decided that Makino Technology would place a large number of offline advertisements throughout the entire Guangdong Province. He wanted to use YY123's advertisements to completely surround Li Xingping, giving him the greatest pressure and striving to force him to compromise in the shortest time possible.

Therefore, on the second day of YY123's launch, which was also the first day of the new week, the commercial director, Ding Jian, came to Li Mu and directly made his request. "Li Zong, I think we need an advertising spokesperson for YY."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Spokesperson?

Why? "

Ding Jian said, "If we have a well-known spokesperson for offline advertising, the effect will be much better. Many brands rely on the face of a celebrity to support them. Moreover, I think our online products actually need an image spokesperson, such as YY shows, YY spaces, YY games, and so on."

Li Mu said, "Tell me your opinion. What kind of spokesperson would be more suitable?"

Ding Jian said, "It must be a well-known and young idol, preferably a female. Since most of our products are designed with cartoon characters, the effect should be much better if we have a young and beautiful female celebrity as our spokesperson."

Li Mu nodded. Ding Jian's words made sense. Whether it was online or offline advertising, the aggregation effect of celebrities was the highest. If YY- related products really needed a spokesperson, the first person that came to Li Mu's mind was Du Wei.

Du Wei looked cute and sweet. She was the perfect image in the hearts of otakus. Moreover, she was simple and pure, without any blemishes. She was also a top student at a music academy. She sang well and acted well. She was very popular online. If she were to be the spokesperson for YY products, she would be the most suitable.

Therefore, Li Mu asked Ding Jian, "What do you think of Du Wei?"

Ding Jian immediately stood up from his chair and said excitedly, "Li Zong, Du Wei is the perfect candidate in my mind!"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I'll coordinate this matter and get back to you as soon as possible."

Ding Jian said excitedly, "Then I'll wait for your news with peace of mind. Now I've sent people to Guangdong Province to discuss the details of the cooperation with some advertising companies. Once it's settled, our offline advertisements can blossom all over Guangdong Province at any time."

Li Mu said with satisfaction, "This is the kind of momentum we need. Once the offline advertising is spread all over Guangdong Province, Li Xingping will feel the pressure of being surrounded by enemies from all sides."

Ding Jian asked, "Then when are we going to communicate with Li Xingping about the acquisition?"

Li Mu said, "Don't be anxious. Find all sorts of ways to keep him busy. When he's flustered, we'll directly buy the whole of Hao123 at a fixed price. Don't drag things out. After we get it, we'll directly transfer the domain name of Hao123 to YY123. Our goal will be achieved."

Li Mu was very optimistic about letting Du Wei endorse YY products. It was not only because of Du Wei's personal qualities, but also because Li Mu had made Du Wei famous. Endorsing YY would not only help YY take it a step further, but it would also help YY increase her popularity through its powerful online advertising capabilities. Such a good thing would probably be fought over by all the female celebrities in the country, and some might even pay for it. With such a huge amount of resources to promote, Li Mu could not bear to give it to anyone else, but to give it to Du Wei, he could gladly accept it.

Moreover, Du Wei's management contract was also signed with Makino Image, so in principle, Li Mu could let her endorse a series of products related to YY at any time. However, Li Mu treated Du Wei like a younger sister, and with Dufy around, the first thing he thought of was to ask for Du Wei's opinion. If Du Wei was willing, then he would discuss it with Dufy.

Du Wei had always regarded Li Mu as a talented big brother who took good care of her. She admired Li Mu a lot. When Li Mu told her about the endorsement, she said to Li Mu without thinking, "Big Brother Li Mu, I have no objections. You can arrange it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Then I have to talk to your sister. If she has no objections, then we can prepare to sign the contract."

Du Wei said, "Big Brother Li Mu, my sister may be busy these two days. She has been dealing with things in the United States. She didn't even have time to call me. When she finishes dealing with the things at hand, she will return to China next week."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Your sister is coming back next week?"

Du Wei said, "Yes, didn't you and Big Brother Chen Ze persuade her to come back and set up a racing club together? My parents said they were very grateful to you two. They always wanted her to come back, but she was not moved. In the end, she was persuaded by you two."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's fine. Then I will wait for her to come back and find a chance to talk to her face to face."

...

Makino Technology's navigation website did not arouse the vigilance of the industry. No one realized that the core purpose of Li Mu's navigation website was to make a comprehensive Chinese portal.

Xinlang was still developing version 2.0 of UC non-stop. No one cared about what Makino Technology was doing now. Only Chen Tong realized that something was wrong.

Chen Tong did not understand why Makino Technology wanted to make a navigation website. Even if the navigation website was very promising, according to Makino Technology's analysis, they did not need web traffic.