Chapter 252

Jinling Airport.

As soon as he passed the security check with Su Yingxue, Li Mu received a call from Zhang Kexuan. Zhang Kexuan asked, "Li Mu, which flight are you taking back to Beijing?"

Li Mu told him his flight number.

Zhang Kexuan immediately said excitedly, "I also bought this flight. See you at the airport later!"

Li Mu asked him, "Why do you suddenly want to go to Beijing tonight?"

"To find Du Wei!"

Zhang Kexuan said excitedly, "Your script is really great. I can't wait. I called Du Wei and told her about inviting her to play the female lead role. I also talked about the script. She said she would consider it, but she needs to talk to me in person."

Li Mu smiled and said, "She is your fan. I think she wants to take this opportunity to meet you."

Zhang Kexuan said, "I don't care about that. This time, I have to go to Beijing with her no matter what. Oh, by the way, she said that as the director and screenwriter, you have to go too."

Li Mu said, "What time do you have an appointment with her?"

"Tomorrow afternoon, at a restaurant near her school. We can talk while eating."

"Why are you in such a hurry?" Li Mu said, "I have something to do during the day tomorrow. The leader is inspecting. Let's make an appointment at night."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Then I'll call her again. Tomorrow night is fine too. I'll come back early the day after tomorrow."

Li Mu asked him, "Why are you in such a hurry?

Just stay in Beijing for two days. "

Zhang Kexuan said, "I have a lot of things to do. It's almost the end of the year. I have to hurry up and deal with all the other things. Then, I'll wait for our movie to start shooting. The most important thing is that I'll be busy with the Spring Festival Gala next January."

Li Mu thought about it and agreed. After all, it was the Spring Festival Gala. Although they were only singing a song, they were still a band. Even if they were not really performing live, they still had to go through the arrangements of the instruments, the positions of the four people, and even the stage stage. It was much more troublesome than a solo singer, and when the time came, they would definitely be extremely busy.

However, when he thought of how their popularity would reach a new height after they appeared on the Spring Festival Gala, coupled with the release of the micro movie, they would definitely reach a peak in a short period of time. Therefore, it was very meaningful to warm up in advance. He reminded, "When the time comes, you have to coordinate with the media in advance and make a simple plan for your first appearance on the stage of the Spring Festival Gala. You must constantly hype it up."

Zhang Kexuan smiled and said, "Mu Ge, I need you to help me with this matter. After all, you are the best at it."

Li Mu said, "I can help with the matters on the Internet, but I really don't have much ability when it comes to the media. By the way, aren't you going to Beijing to visit Sister Wan?

Shouldn't you at least ask her out for a meal? "

Zhang Kexuan said, "Aiyo, look at my brain. I've been so busy that I've forgotten about Xiaowan. How about this, I'm not in a hurry to leave the day after tomorrow. I'll see her first."

"That's more like it."

"Wait for me at the airport. I'll be there in ten minutes. Drive me tomorrow."

Li Mu said, "Sure, I'll contact you by phone when I arrive."

Zhang Kexuan said, "Don't check in yet. Let's sit together."

Li Mu asked him, "What cabin did you buy?"

"First class."

"Tycoon, I'll take economy class. Bye."

Zhang Kexuan was still shouting over the phone, "Don't, I'll help you upgrade the cabin …"

Before he finished speaking, Li Mu hung up the phone.

Su Yingxue, who was standing by the side, heard the gist of it and asked him, "You have a friend coming with you?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "A small-time celebrity."

Seeing that Li Mu was playing it down, Su Yingxue could not help but ask with a smile, "Look at you, you don't seem to care at all. How small of a celebrity is she?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "She's a singer. She doesn't even have a record company. Strictly speaking, she can't be considered a celebrity."

Su Yingxue stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "If your friend knew you said that about him, he would probably get angry with you."

Li Mu asked her, "Do you like Simple Plan?"

Su Yingxue thought about it and said, "It's alright. The song is quite good, but I don't feel anything when I look at it. What's wrong?"

Seeing that Su Yingxue was so calm, Li Mu felt relieved and said with a smile, "The friend I'm talking about is the lead singer of Simple Plan."

At that moment, Li Mu was more or less worried. He did not know if Su Yingxue was a fan of Simple Plan. If Su Yingxue was their fan, would she be like Du Wei when she saw Zhang Kexuan?

If she was really like Du Wei, Li Mu knew that he would definitely be jealous. Even if his mental age was more than 30 years old, he was sure that he would definitely be jealous. In the depths of his heart, if there was a man who could make Su Yingxue worship him like a star, he hoped that it would be him and not anyone else.

Su Yingxue heard that Li Mu said that his friend was the lead singer of Simple Plan, and her face was full of surprise. "How do you know the lead singer of that band?"

Li Mu said lightly, "I knew them before they became famous."

Su Yingxue nodded and did not ask anymore. Although Simple Plan was popular, to Su Yingxue, there was nothing special about it.

The two of them found a corner in the resting area in front of the boarding gate and sat down. Su Yingxue held her unfinished book, Higashino Keigo, while Li Mu lowered his head and sent a text message to Dong Ai, asking about the preparation for tomorrow's student loan.

Ten minutes later, a man wearing a black mask came in front of Li Mu. He stood in front of Li Mu and deliberately coughed twice. Li Mu and Su Yingxue raised their heads at the same time. Li Mu immediately recognized Zhang Kexuan. Although Zhang Kexuan saw a girl sitting beside Li Mu, he did not expect her to be so beautiful. He could not help but sigh in his heart. This kid was really not an ordinary person. No matter what, he seemed to be better than others, such as songwriting, talent, entrepreneurship, and women around him.

For a second-generation rich like Zhang Kexuan, there was never a lack of beauties around him, but there were very few who were as exquisite as Su Yingxue. The only one who could compete with Su Yingxue seemed to be Chen Wan, but Chen Wan was his own sister, so she did not count.

Just as Zhang Kexuan was admiring Li Mu, Li Mu asked him, "Why aren't you sitting in the VIP lounge? What are you doing here?"

Zhang Kexuan said happily, "I'm here to see you. When we get on the plane, we won't be sitting together."

Li Mu laughed and scolded, "Get lost, hurry up and get lost."

"Hahaha."

Zhang Kexuan laughed dryly and sat opposite Li Mu. "Mu Ge, don't hate the rich. I originally wanted to find you and upgrade your cabin with my own money. Also, it's not that I want to criticize you, but for a rich person like you who has a net worth of hundreds of millions, don't always be so stingy with yourself. Isn't earning money for spending?"

Li Mu frowned slightly and gave Zhang Kexuan a look to tell him not to overdo it. He was afraid that Zhang Kexuan would say too much in front of Su Yingxue. He did not want Su Yingxue to know about his current situation so early. At least, he could not let her know about the Makino Technology. 3321 was not profitable, so it would not affect his net worth. However, the valuation of the Makino Technology was more than 300 million. If he said it, even a calm person like Su Yingxue would be shocked. Moreover, Li Mu also did not want Su Yingxue to be affected by the Makino Technology when she was considering her relationship with him.

However, after a while, he found that he was thinking too much. Zhang Kexuan said that he was worth hundreds of millions. Su Yingxue pursed her lips and smiled mischievously. She looked at Li Mu mischievously, and her bright eyes seemed to tease him for being teased by Zhang Kexuan.

"There's no need to upgrade the cabin. I think the economy class is good."

Li Mu said to Zhang Kexuan and said to Su Yingxue, "This guy wearing a mask is Zhang Kexuan."

After that, he said to Zhang Kexuan, "My classmate, Su Yingxue."

Zhang Kexuan nodded to Su Yingxue and said hello. Then he stood up and said to the two, "I won't bother you anymore. See you on the plane later."

A few minutes later, Li Mu received a text message from Zhang Kexuan. "Girlfriend?"

Li Mu's fingers flew. "Not yet."

Zhang Kexuan replied with two words, "Got it."

But he murmured to himself, "What about Xiaowan..."

After nearly two hours of flight, it was already ten o'clock in the evening when the plane landed. Because the Central Conservatory of Music and Renmin University were not in the same direction, Zhang Kexuan booked a hotel near the Central Conservatory of Music. So when the three of them got off the plane, Zhang Kexuan took a taxi and left. He wanted to tell Li Mu about dinner tomorrow night, but he thought that Li Mu didn't want the girl around him to know too much, so he didn't say much.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue also took a taxi back to school. It was already late at night when they arrived. Li Mu sent Su Yingxue to the dormitory. Before going upstairs, Su Yingxue asked Li Mu, "Your roommates are all in Haizhou. Where will you stay tonight?"

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "I'll stay in the dormitory. It's more convenient."

Su Yingxue nodded. "Then text me when you come to the dormitory."

"Okay."

…

After the experience of accompanying the deputy mayor for an inspection, Li Mu seemed to be very skilled in this kind of accompanying inspection work again. However, this time it was much bigger than the last time. The leaders of the Municipal Committee were basically not much different from the leaders of the National People's Congress, and they were not subordinate departments, so they were mostly going through the motions. After all, they were local officials in the capital. However, this time, the leaders of the Ministry of Education were different. This time, it was a direct leader who came for an inspection, so almost all the senior leaders of the National People's Congress came. The school also made a welcome banner in advance and prepared a welcome team of volunteers. It was said that the school also cleaned the school over the weekend. It could be seen that the leaders were very attentive.

The arrangement of the leaders of the Ministry of Education was not much different from the last time when the leaders of the Municipal Committee came. However, before the inspection of 3321, there was a simple report by the leaders of the National People's Congress. The leaders of the Ministry of Education also affirmed the efforts of the National People's Congress during this period and highly praised the advanced quality of the National People's Congress in the education of students.

In short, everything was just going through the motions.

Li Mu accompanied the leaders of the Ministry of Education the whole time, but when the leaders of the school reported, he was only there for a while. When it was time for the inspection of 3321, he brought the leaders to the three rooms of the audio-visual education building as usual. At this time, the three rooms were quite large, and there were dozens of part-time students working there at any time, mainly to serve as customer service.

This time, Li Mu was careful. When the leaders of the Ministry of Education asked if there were any specific aspects of the operation of 3321 that needed to be improved, Li Mu said, "Our biggest constraint right now is that too many aspects and services need to be done offline, but this greatly increases our work costs."

This was the first time the leader had heard of the term "offline", but he quickly understood the meaning behind it. He smiled and said, "A good model like 3321 should naturally blossom across the country as much as possible. If there's anything you need us to help with in the process, feel free to ask."

Li Mu said, "Thank you for your concern, we have already commissioned a company in Yanjing to develop an online payment software for us. I believe that this week, it will be available to all the users and students of 3321. At that time, the payments to the parents of the students and part-time students will all be done online. This way, the payments can be done on the computer, and it will save everyone a lot of time."

The leader nodded and praised, "This is a good idea. Although the internet is a virtual world, communication is much more convenient than the real world. It can connect people, and naturally, it can connect people's bank accounts. This is a good idea!"

Li Mu didn't know whether the leader was telling the truth or not, but he knew that the advertisement for Alipay was released first. Before this Wednesday, Alipay would complete the final debugging of the interface with the bank, and then it would go online on Thursday and Friday. The request that Li Mu set for Kong Lingyu was that no matter what, Alipay must be used during the next round of auction this Friday.

At noon, the leader had lunch in the canteen of the National People's Congress. Just like the last time when the leader of the Municipal Party Committee came, the person sitting next to the leader was Li Mu, and opposite him were two student representatives. The leader of the university could only make do at the table next to them.

After seeing off the leader of the ministry, Li Mu heaved a sigh of relief. In the future, there wouldn't be another leader coming to inspect the National People's Congress for a project like 3321. The highest level that a project like 3321 could attract should be the ministry. Anything higher would depend on luck. It was impossible for a higher level leader to come to the National People's Congress for 3321. Only a higher level leader could come to the National People's Congress to inspect 3321.

This was exactly what Li Mu wanted. It was always interviews, reports, inspections, and reports. He was already tired. If it wasn't for the leader of the Ministry informing him in advance that he wanted to see him, he wouldn't have come to join in the fun. He would just transfer Dong Ai over.

Zhang Kexuan, who had nothing to do in Beijing, rented a car. He originally wanted to go to the TV station to see Chen Wan, but he didn't expect that Chen Wan would go to the film studio to record a movie. The worst part was that the film studio wasn't in the TV station, but in the wilderness dozens of kilometers away from Beijing. Chen Wan said that she was so busy that she would vomit blood. Even if Zhang Kexuan went, he might not have time to accompany her.

So, Zhang Kexuan gave up and made an appointment with her to have dinner together the next day. Then, he drove around in Yan Jing. When it was almost time for dinner, he went to the Renmin University to pick up Li Mu.