Chapter 1278

He hadn't been home for a long time and only came back to visit his parents at the end of the year. Li Mu couldn't help but feel guilty. At the same time, he recalled his experience as a drifter in Beijing in his previous life. Since he only had seven days off at work during the New Year, Li Mu basically only returned home at the end of the year. The difference was that in his previous life, every time he came home during the New Year, he would feel great psychological pressure. This pressure not only came from his mediocrity, but also from being single for a long time in his previous life.

It wasn't a good feeling to go home to celebrate the New Year alone at the age of 30. His parents couldn't bear to criticize and force him, but they would inevitably nag at him. In the past, Li Ma always wanted Li Mu to take the civil service exam in Haizhou. The life of a drifter in Beijing was too tough. When she thought of her only son working hard day and night in Beijing without a girl by his side to accompany and take care of him, Li Ma felt particularly distressed.

Because of these reasons, Li Mu's memory of the New Year's Eve dinner in his previous life couldn't get rid of the tacit bitterness that lingered in the hearts of his family of three.

Things were better in this life. Although Li Mu still went to Beijing, his current achievements were enough to make his parents feel gratified and satisfied. That trace of bitterness was no longer there, and his parents didn't age prematurely like in his previous life. In fact, they were even younger, healthier, and stable than when they were forty years old.

Ever since Li Mu arrived home, the smile on Papa Lee's face never disappeared. Although Li Ma no longer felt any worry for Li Mu, she still felt sorry for her young and promising son, who had to travel around the world day and night.

His parents had already prepared a table full of dishes and were waiting for Li Mu. As soon as Li Mu arrived home, his mother urged him to wash his hands quickly and eat. At the dining table, his mother kept putting food into Li Mu's bowl while asking about his well-being.

Li Mu didn't dare to be negligent. No matter what his mother asked, he patiently answered. At the same time, he sized up his parents in front of him. They really looked much younger than when he had just been reborn. His parents didn't dye their hair, but there was almost no trace of white hair. His mother paid attention to the maintenance of her skin. Her face was fair and rosy, and her wrinkles were almost non-existent. As for his father, his entire face was ruddy, and he looked confident and high-spirited. He looked like a middle-aged man in his thirties who was in the prime of his career.

When Papa Lee asked Li Mu about the purpose of his trip to Spring City, Li Mu told his parents about the ins and outs of the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation, as well as what he had seen and heard in Spring City. After listening to Li Mu's story, Papa Lee and Li Ma praised Li Mu's charity initiative, especially Papa Lee. He said that there had never been a soldier in the Li family for five generations, but his admiration for soldiers was ingrained in him from a young age. Seeing that his son had started such a meaningful charity project, he immediately said, "Your mother and I will donate five million first. If the business is good this year, we will donate another five million next year."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Dad, just do what you can. How's your and Mom's business?"

"It's not bad!"

Father Li said with a smile, "We've contracted the department store, haven't we? Now we've opened more than a dozen clothing stores of different brands. The largest supermarket in Haizhou is also ours, and we're doing very well."

Li Mu said, "Although the business is going well, with so many people in both families making money, there won't be much profit left in your hands, right?"

At this time, Li Ma interrupted and said, "Your father and I have roughly calculated that 40% of the net profit of our business will be given to our relatives. Everyone is now doing their own jobs in your father's business. Your first uncle, your youngest uncle, and your two aunts are in charge of different clothing stores and have some shares. Your uncle's whole family is helping out in the supermarket. Didn't he open a wholesale department in the countryside before? Now, all the goods are supplied to him directly by our supermarket. Then, he supplies the goods to more than a hundred wholesale departments and canteens in the surrounding villages. The sales are very good, so he has bought five cars."

"Five cars?" Li Mu asked in surprise, "Why did he buy so many cars?"

Papa Lee took over and said, "All five cars are used to deliver goods. Two vans and three vans. Your aunt's cousin is now driving with your uncle to deliver goods. Your uncle also opened a small supermarket for his wife."

Li Mu nodded and said helplessly, "It seems that it has become a family business."

Li Ma smiled and said, "It's good to be a family business. It's just a small business. Your father and I don't want to make much money. On the one hand, we want to have something to do, and on the other hand, we can help our relatives."

As she said that, Li Ma fell down again. "Look, everyone knows that you are a rich man now. If our relatives are still living in a muddle, they will gossip about you behind your back. They will think that you are rich but don't help your relatives. Although relatives have family ties, they can't be supported by money for nothing. It's not groundless. Besides, if we don't settle down our relatives well, what if they come to you directly in the future?

What if they want to get a position in your Makino Technology or Taobao Technology?

It doesn't matter if your father and I turn our small business into a family business, but your business can't be like this. Your father and I don't want to leave any trouble for you in the future, so we might as well call in our two families and let them participate in our business. We will give them a chance to work hard to make money. In this way, not only can we cut off the possibility of them coming to you, but we can also develop a good relationship between our relatives. "

Li Mu gave his mother a thumbs up and praised, "Mom, you are becoming more and more like a female entrepreneur. You have considered everything. I feel ashamed in front of you."

"Don't flatter me."

Nanny Li laughed and said, "Kid, it's like your brain has been injected with stimulants. You're always thinking of all kinds of fantastic ideas and doing so many big things. If your dad and I are compared to you, we're miles apart."

Li Mu said, "To tell you the truth, I used to have some opinions about some of our relatives. They are narrow-minded, snobbish, and can't bear to see others doing well. But I don't have the mood to pursue these things now. As long as they can follow you to do things, it's fine. But Mom, Dad, you have to observe and pay more attention. You can't be careless. If someone does something that shouldn't be done here, you can't turn a blind eye. Otherwise, there will be endless troubles in the future."

Nanny Li nodded and said, "Your father and I have already told the two families the ugly truth. It's naturally best for the family to work together and earn money together, but if anyone does something they shouldn't do, don't blame your father and I for turning on you."

"That's good."

Li Mu said, "As long as everyone can do things together, I will ensure that they don't have to worry about food and clothing for the rest of their lives."

In Li Mu's eyes, his parents were absolutely in the most important position. Anyone who stood on the opposite side of his parents must be his enemy. It was the same the other way around. Whoever stood on his parents' side was one of his own in his eyes.

Papa Lee took out a bottle of Maotai and said to Li Mu, "Come, drink with Dad."

"Okay, Dad."

Li Mu nodded and took the bottle from his father's hand. He opened it and poured a glass for himself and his father. Then Li Mu held the glass and said, "Dad, I propose a toast to you."

Papa Lee smiled with relief. He held the glass and said, "Come on, son, let's drink up!"

The two raised their heads and drank up the fragrant liquid in the glass. Li Mu hurriedly refilled his father's glass.

After three rounds of drinking, Papa Lee's cheeks were slightly rosy. He looked at Li Mu and asked, "Kid, can't you stay at home for a few more days this time?

Leaving in three days is too fast. Other office workers have a week off, but as a boss, you only have three days off after the New Year? "

Li Mu said shamefully, "The more I am a boss, the more things I have to do. But I will try to stay for a few more days."

Papa Lee nodded and said without hesitation, "At least five days. Your mother talks about you all day, hoping that you will come back soon. If you leave after three days, your butt won't even warm up yet."

Li Mu hurriedly agreed and said, "Okay!

At least five days! "

"That's more like it."

Papa Lee smiled with satisfaction and raised his eyebrows at Li Ma. Li Ma naturally smiled and gave Papa Lee a praising look. Then she picked up a piece of meat and put it in Li Mu's bowl. She said, "If you can stay for a few more days, Mom and Dad will stay at home to accompany you. The three of us haven't lived together for a long time."

"Okay, then Mom, you have to make more delicious food for me."

"Mom will make you five meals a day. Whatever you want to eat, I will try to raise my son to be healthy and fat."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Five meals a day. This is not raising a son, this is raising a pig cub."

After saying that, Li Mu asked seriously, "By the way, Mom and Dad, are you busy at home?

The New Year should be the best time for business. Will you be busy at that time? "

"It's okay."

Papa Lee said, "In general, a little busy, but fortunately, there are enough people to help, so your mother and I can sometimes take a break. It's really busy during the New Year, but it doesn't matter if we don't go. Your aunt is very good at management now, so you can let her take care of a lot of things."

As he said that, Papa Lee said, "But there are still some things that your mother and I have to do in person. After the 15th of the first lunar month, your mother and I will go to Guangdong Province. We have found a few clothing brands and want to go there to investigate. If it's possible, we will take over the agency."

"Guangdong Province?" Li Mu frowned and said, "Don't go to Guangdong Province during this period."

"What's wrong?" Papa Lee asked in surprise, "Is there a problem in Guangdong Province?"