Chapter 256

His mood was somewhat downcast because of Zhao Ziqiu. Li Mu had lived two lives. He had fought hard in other aspects, but he had become indecisive when it came to relationships. Thinking back to his previous life, when he was in college, he was extremely poor, but he still managed to hook up with a few girls. Why was it that after his rebirth, he was so successful at such a young age, but he didn't dare to fall in love casually?

Thinking about it carefully, Li Mu felt that it was because the two girls around him were too outstanding. Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu. It was almost impossible for him to have any interaction with girls like these when he was in college in his previous life. So when he suddenly had an intimate relationship with these two outstanding girls in this life, it made Li Mu confused and confused.

For some reason, Chen Wan's figure suddenly flashed in his mind.

Compared to Su Yingxue and Zhao Ziqiu, Chen Wan was also a great beauty, and she was more mature than the two. Strictly speaking, Chen Wan was more in line with his requirements for the opposite sex. It was just that Li Mu always warned himself not to have improper thoughts about Chen Wan, but in the depths of his heart, some unimaginable evil thoughts occasionally popped up. The most terrible thing was that when those strange thoughts popped up, he, who had buried it the deepest, enjoyed that unusual feeling.

The next day, the other brothers in the dormitory got up early to prepare for class. Li Mu slept until 8: 30 before he got up to wash up. Then he installed his laptop and took a taxi to Baidu alone. For him, today was a day worthy of being recorded in history because he was going to meet one of the three giants of the future Internet. Although he was not very famous now, although the company he ran had all kinds of problems and played all kinds of edge balls, he was indeed a top big shot in the future Internet. To be able to meet a top big shot and talk with them on equal terms, for someone like Li Mu who had been in the Internet industry for many years, it was indeed something worth being excited about.

When he arrived at Baidu, Tan Yaocheng had been waiting for a long time. Not only Tan Yaocheng, but another VP and a few directors were also waiting in the conference room.

When the receptionist brought Li Mu into the conference room, several people stood up to greet him politely. Previously, he came to Baidu to talk about the Series A financing of Makino Technology.

That day, the people at Baidu didn't take Li Mu seriously. They just regarded him as a young man who had just emerged in the Internet industry. However, Li Mu used his absolute strength to obtain the most favorable financing contract for Makino Technology's Series A financing. In just a few months, the valuation of Makino Technology had multiplied several times.

When Li Mu appeared again, no one dared to look down on him.

Especially when they heard from Tan Yaocheng that Li Mu had a major plan to announce today, and it was even possible to make Makino Technology rise to the top of the industry. Everyone admired this young man a little more.

Even if Makino Technology couldn't produce new products, as long as it operated Tieba and Easy Hearing well, the Series B financing could be valued at at least 400 million yuan at the beginning of next year. If it could expand the business horizontally after the Series B financing, it wouldn't be a problem to be valued at more than one billion yuan in a year. Now, domestic Internet companies.

There were only a few that could be valued at more than one billion yuan.

What's more, this time Li Mu also brought a new development plan. For this talented young man, maybe he could make the market value of Makino Technology reach two billion yuan or even more in 2002.

After Li Mu greeted everyone, Tan Yaocheng said to Li Mu, "You sit for a while. I'll call Li Zong to come over."

Li Mu nodded. Li Zong, an influential figure in the future Internet, had created a huge Internet group with a valuation of tens of billions of US dollars. However …

Li Mu himself didn't know how much Baidu's valuation was now.

He hadn't studied the history of Baidu, so he didn't know the history of Baidu's financing.

At this point, Baidu didn't know how many times it had financed, but their current valuation should not be high. The beta version of the engine had been released for less than a year, and the traffic was not very large.

However, the valuation of the Internet generally looked at the concept and prospects. During the same period, there were no other domestic companies that went against Baidu. Baidu had a year next year to play with its MP3 search and search engine bidding ranking system.

In 2003, Baidu had an income of about 200 million yuan. Such rapid development was inseparable from the investment banks' support. Therefore, it seemed that the actual valuation of Baidu should be about twice as high as that of Muye Technology, but not more than twice.

Thinking about this, Li Mu wasn't too excited. The valuation of the future giants would only be one or two times higher than him. Also, Li Yanhong's shares in Baidu would not be more than his shares in Makino Technology. Therefore, in terms of personal net worth, the future famous Li Zong might not be better than him.

Therefore, Li Mu's confidence skyrocketed. He thought about his plan to "invite" Baidu away from Makino Technology and his plan to target Tencent. His net worth and Makino Technology's valuation would surpass Baidu soon. Maybe he could even become a shareholder of Baidu. After all, in his plan to "invite" Baidu to Easy Listening, Li Mu was not prepared to sacrifice too many shares. At most, he would let Baidu hold 51% of the shares. When the MP3 market started to take off next year, he could use the remaining 49% to exchange with Baidu. No matter what, he could get some shares in Baidu.

As Li Mu was thinking about it, Tan Yaocheng pushed open the door of the conference room but did not come in. A familiar man walked in from his side. Li Mu recognized him at a glance. The current Li Zong was much younger than when he was really famous.

Li Zong also recognized Li Mu at a glance. Recently, he had been paying attention to this famous college student. From the perspective of a senior Internet practitioner, he did not appreciate Li Mu 3321's model because it did not have the ability to make profits. Such a thing was not really attractive to a businessman. However, he particularly appreciated Li Mu's Tieba and Easy Listening website. Tieba and Easy Listening website had advanced product concepts, and their profit model could be seen.

Li Zong warmly and actively shook hands with Li Mu and greeted him. The way he addressed Li Mu made Li Mu spit out his rice. "Li Zong, it's an honor to meet you."

Both of them had the surname Li. Li Mu thought to himself, "Why did you steal all the lines that I had originally designed without missing a word?"

What should I say?

Could I say, "Li Zong, it's an honor to meet you?"

Just thinking about it made me feel awkward.

Therefore, Li Mu could only say, "You're too kind."

Li Zong smiled slightly. He was really the future Mr. Perfect of the Internet. In terms of appearance, he was much better than Er Ma. However, Li Mu did not have a good impression of him. After shaking hands, both of them sat down. Tan Yaocheng sat opposite Li Mu and said with a smile, "Both of you, Li Zong, today should be the first time we meet, right?

“

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "Mr. Tan, don't make fun of me. In front of seniors like you, I don't dare to call myself Mr. Li Mu or Xiao Li."

Tan Yaocheng said, "Our Li Zong was originally going to go on a business trip today. He heard that you have a very important development plan to discuss with us, so he temporarily changed his ticket and stayed to attend today's meeting."

“

Li Mu looked at Li Zong with a smile and said, "Thank you, Li Zong, for attaching so much importance to Makino Technology."

Li Zong nodded slightly and said, "In view of our relationship at the capital level, it is reasonable to attach importance to it."

Li Zong's words were very obvious. Baidu was an investor of Makino Technology, so it was natural that it should attach importance to the development of Makino Technology. There was no ambiguity in this sentence, but today, Li Mu wanted to make Baidu leave Muye. In order to confuse the other party, he had to forcefully show off to achieve his goal, so he deliberately smiled and said with a somewhat arrogant attitude, "First of all, I have to correct a mistake in what Mr. Tan said just now."

As soon as this came out, Tan Yaocheng was a little surprised. What did he say just now?

He said that Li Zong changed the plane for him. What did he say wrong?

Just when they were puzzled, Li Mu stretched out a finger and said solemnly, "I brought a plan today, but I'm not here to discuss it with you. I'm here to deliver it. All the contents of this plan have been finalized and are ready to be implemented. I'm here today to deliver the plan to you, and then there are some obligations that need to be fulfilled by the investors, and I need your cooperation.

“

Tan Yaocheng didn't expect that after being in contact with Li Mu for so long, why did he suddenly put on the same posture as when they first met?

Everyone was so familiar with each other. Was it necessary to be so strong?

In surprise, Tan Yaocheng hurriedly turned his head to look at Li Zong. Sure enough, Li Zong frowned slightly, obviously a little unhappy.

Tan Yaocheng had to quickly skip this topic and said, "Let's look at your plan first."

Li Zong didn't speak. Li Mu took out his notebook and connected it to the old-fashioned projector in the conference room.

The projector was turned on, and the picture gradually became clear. Li Mu opened the document, and the huge title instantly attracted everyone's attention.

"On the Split of Easy Hearing and Tieba and the Development Strategic Plan after the Split"

Everyone's expression froze. Good lord, the Series B financing had not started yet, and they were ready to split it?

Wasn't it a little too hasty?

The split of the business was very common, and it was also very common to split the sector to form a new shell company. The advantage of this kind of split was that on the one hand, the eggs were not put in one basket. The finance and debt were independent, the structure was more flexible, and the risk was smaller. In the future, they could even be listed independently. On the other hand, it was also for the development of the sector business. Splitting into two independent companies, the team was also independent, and the efficiency was higher.

However, in this way, there were also obvious negative effects. The first was the increase in costs. Two sets of teams, two sets of leadership, and even two sets of office workplaces. Financial costs and human costs increased. Moreover, the equity structure of Makino Technology was huge. In addition to the 10% given to Baidu and 5% to Song Liang in Series A, the shares of other employees, including Zhao Kang, were all held by Li Mu. Therefore, as the absolute major shareholder with 85% of the shares, Li Mu must be responsible for the operation of two companies at the same time, which was very different from being responsible for two businesses at the same time.