Chapter 1608

According to the normal historical trend, William would become a mascot of England in a few years. William had no ability to change this fate, and even the Windsor family could do nothing about it.

As the royal family, they must avoid suspicion in guiding the political direction of their family members. This need to avoid suspicion was like a curse, a curse that could not be broken from the inside.

However, Li Mu did not have such restrictions. As an entrepreneur who was completely unaffected by the royal family, and as an abnormally strong man with massive resources, he could easily help the Windsor family break the curse from the outside.

Therefore, Li Mu decided to invest and cultivate William as a start-up project, and he was his angel investor. As long as William lived up to his expectations and could bring him enough returns, Li Mu would continue to invest in his A and B series in the future until he reached the pinnacle of his life.

William only visited Makino Technology and immediately secured tens of millions of pounds of venture capital funds for British Internet companies. Most importantly, Makino Technology, as the world's number one Internet company in terms of comprehensive strength, had a lot of experience and resources that could help British Internet companies. This was William's "political achievement" in front of the British and the British.

The entire information projection capability of Makino Technology was mobilized. First, YY and YY were used to carry out more detailed reports on the important details of William's visit to Makino Technology. For example, a report was published every half an hour, with pictures taken on the scene, excerpts from the dialogue between Li Mu and William, and the processing and narration of Makino Technology's own editors.

However, the news platform that received the most attention was not these two, but the extremely real-time news platform, itter.

The special display form of Itter provided an almost perfect platform for the rapid and continuous broadcast of major news. The official Itter of Makino Technology would release an Itter almost every few minutes, which was almost equivalent to a live broadcast for the world's netizens.

In the beginning, Sina Portal stood out among many news portals because of their 24-hour rolling special reports on major events. However, the timeliness and timeliness of that form were still far from a platform like Itter.

A large number of netizens who were interested in the meeting between the two were paying attention to the real-time tweets on the official Itter. The ones who were most interested in this matter were the British netizens. At this moment, at least half of the online netizens were paying attention to this matter.

In this era, regardless of the country, the majority of netizens were young people. At this moment, those who were paying attention to William and Li Mu in the UK were also young netizens.

They were either students or had not been working for long, and they all had a certain understanding of the Internet. When they noticed that William had successfully won startup support for British Internet companies from Li Mu, they couldn't help but look at him in a different light.

If William had secured 100 million pounds of investment from Li Mu for the British automobile industry, it would not have made much of a difference to the young British.

However, William had secured 10 million pounds of startup fund and supporting resources from Makino Technology, which made the young people have new expectations for their country's Internet industry. After all, the young people themselves were closely related to the Internet industry, and they paid far more attention to this industry than any other industry.

Another very important reason was that the British Internet industry, especially the software industry itself, started very slowly. It basically had no influence in the United Kingdom or even the world. What their country lacked the most was precisely the industry that their young people placed the most hope on.

Hua Xia's football had always been bad, so the people of the country were looking forward to a breakthrough in football and entering the World Cup. The whole country rejoiced. The foreign coach, Milo, even became the hottest star in the country. Later, when Lippi coached the national football team, it also made the national fans excited for a while.

However, if the Hua Xia table tennis team found an overseas coach, they would probably be scolded to death by the people of the country.

In the eyes of these young people, Li Mu was the number one person in the Internet industry. If William could get his help, it meant that in the future, the British local Internet companies would have great prospects for development. In the near future, they might be able to use more British local Internet products.

The entire Buckingham Palace was also closely watching every tweet of Makino Technology's official Twitter, carefully analyzing every piece of information. When they saw Li Mu's startup competition plan, as well as the 10 million pounds of special investment fund and resource support from the official tweet, the Windsor family was all excited.

They were not excited about what Li Mu was going to do for the British Internet industry. They were excited because they could see that Li Mu was indeed helping the Windsor family to break the curse that had haunted the whole family since the beginning of the constitutional monarchy.

The Windsor family did not hope to regain power. Even ten Li Mu could not help them realize this wish. But they needed to enhance their sense of existence, enhance their influence, and get rid of the fate of being a mascot.

In Buckingham Palace, the Queen said to Charles very happily, "William will bring back at least two very meaningful projects from Hua Xia this time. One is Li Mu's startup competition and related support, and the other is the support team of 3321. With the team in place, 3321 will be officially launched in the UK soon. One of these two projects is aimed at Internet entrepreneurs, and the other is aimed at school students. They are all young people. For William, the harvest is very rich. You know, no matter where you are, young people are the hardest bones to bite."

Charles also kept nodding and said in agreement, "The number of cooperation agreements signed by the Prime Minister during his visit and the number of orders signed for British companies are just numbers for young people. They don't know the significance of our tens of billions of pounds of trade cooperation with other countries. They also don't know what the sale of 100 Airbuses to France means to the French economy. What they really care about is whether the country thinks about them and brings changes for them. It happens that Li Mu and William are both young people. They know how to win the favor of young people."