Chapter 333

Since Miracle MU had yet to be licensed in any country, the concept of licensing fees was still a little vague within Wangchan.

With the current exchange rate of RMB to Korean Won at about 1: 170, Jin Youquan felt that an agency fee of 40 to 50 million Korean Won was enough to satisfy him. The key to the problem was the proportion of the operating profit, which was the foundation for a steady flow of money in the future.

Originally, Jin Youquan expected an agency fee of 40 to 50 million Korean Won, and an annual profit share of about 20% of the operating profit. However, when he asked for a price, he would appropriately raise it a little to give Hua Xia some room to bargain.

However, after arriving at the company at 9 o 'clock this morning, he immediately began to pay attention to the online status of the Happy Farm Game Store. People who made games paid the most attention to two data: users and revenue. He already knew the current number of users of the Happy Farm Game Store yesterday. Now, he just wanted to know how much revenue this simple game could generate.

At 10 o 'clock sharp, Lin Ching-ah was already sitting in Wangchan's conference room, but Jin Youquan did not immediately go to meet her. Instead, he stayed with the engineer of Hua Xia, waiting for news from Hua Xia.

In an hour, Makino Technology generated more than a million revenue. Although this data was not made public, Makino Technology itself did not require strict internal confidentiality. The real revenue of a game could not be hidden, and the companies in the industry and competitors would definitely try to find out. Therefore, the revenue of paid games was basically in a semi-public state. You might not be able to find the data directly on the Internet, but you could ask anyone in the industry to find out the general situation of a game's revenue.

The engineer of Wangchan from Hua Xia happened to be studying in Yanjing University, and he majored in computer science. Most of his classmates worked in Zhongguancun, so he basically figured it out after asking around.

When Jin Youquan learned that the Happy Farm Game Store Store had more than a million revenue within an hour, and more than a million people had paid for it, he was almost speechless.

Up until now, Miracle MU hadn't had more than a million paying users in South Korea. It was just a Flash game, and it had more than a million paying users in the first hour of the game, and it had generated more than a million RMB in revenue.

That was not what shocked Jin Youquan the most. What shocked him the most was that Happy's Farm's Item Mall was different from other online games. Other online games basically sold game time. In other words, everyone was still playing the most basic part of the game. Usually, they would give users two ways to spend money. One was the instant card, and the other was the monthly card. Although the amount of the instant card and the monthly card was around 20 to 30 RMB, regardless of whether it was the instant card or the monthly card, it was just a one-time deal for the game company.

If a user bought a time card, he would not spend any cash in the game until the time was up. Even if there was, it would be a private agreement with the player, and the game company could not control it.

If a user bought a monthly card, it would be the same. In this month, or during this purchase cycle, he would not generate any cash in the game.

But Happy Farm did not play it that way. It did not charge users the most basic fees to play the game. Instead, it provided users with all sorts of items that could be used to pay for the game. Even though the price of a single purchase was not as high as a time card or a time card, the key point was that this thing was a bottomless pit. It could be used for 10 cents, but it could also be used for 10,000 RMB or even more. There was no time limit to how much it could be used, and there was no limit to how much it could be used.

This kind of charging method had completely subverted Jin Youquan's traditional understanding of charging fees for games. He began to feel a sense of admiration for Mu Ye Technology. With a heart full of reverence, he came to the conference room to meet with Lin Qingya. The first thing he said was to apologize for his tardiness.

Lin Ching-ah did not take the few minutes that Jin Youquan was late to heart. She smiled generously and did not immediately get to the point. Instead, she asked Jin Youquan, "Mr. Jin, did you try to understand Happy Farm yesterday?"

As soon as Happy Farm was mentioned, Jin Youquan could not hide his surprise. "Oh, I found an engineer from Hua Xia yesterday and asked him to demonstrate and explain Happy Farm to me. It was really great!

It is hard to imagine that games can be done like this. It is really too imaginative. "

Lin Ching-ah said with a smile, "Happy Farm started charging fees today, but it is different from your company's Miracle MU. I wonder if Mr. Jin noticed this?"

Jin Youquan nodded. "I noticed it. It is very innovative."

Lin Ching-ah smiled slightly and said, "The success of Happy Farm is partly due to the game itself and the tens of millions of users on Tieba. Storm Entertainment has not started game development yet, so we do not have our own client-side game. However, we have the same user base as Happy Farm, which is tens of millions of users on Tieba. Therefore, I believe that if Storm Entertainment can get an excellent client-side game, we can still make the client-side game as successful as Happy Farm."

Jin Youquan agreed and said, "I have no doubt about this. You have the best user base, and we have the best client-side game. In this regard, we are complementary. You focus on the Hua Xia market, and we focus on the Korean market. In this regard, we have no direct conflict of interest. Therefore, I think we have a very good chance to cooperate together."

Lin Ching-ah smiled and nodded. She asked Jin Youquan, "Mr. Jin, what specific requirements do your company have for the overseas agency of Miracle MU?"

Jin Youquan couldn't help but sit up straight and said seriously, "We have two requirements for the overseas agency. The soft requirement is the agency's channel ability, promotion ability, and operation ability. The hard requirement is the agency's terms and conditions, as well as the agency's server setup, maintenance, and bandwidth standards."

Lin Ching-ah said, "I will not talk about the soft requirement. Mr. Jin, you should be aware of our ability in this regard."

Jin Youquan said, "Of course."

Lin Ching-ah added, "Let's talk about hard strength. First of all, I can promise that our company will not be stingy in the key issues of the game server setup, maintenance, bandwidth, and so on. Not only will we not be stingy in the server investment, but we will also take into account the user's game experience and leave enough server redundancy in the game in advance. There will not be a situation where one server is about to explode and the other server has not been set up yet."

As she spoke, Lin Ching-ah paused and looked at Jin Youquan. "As for the terms and conditions that you mentioned just now, I think this is the key to whether we can cooperate or not. My leader is also very concerned about the price that Wangchan is willing to pay to license the game to us."

Jin Youquan coughed twice and said, "The overseas licensing of games is basically based on the model of agency fee + operating income sharing. Miss Lin should be clear about this, right?"

Lin Ching-ah nodded but did not say anything.

Jin Youquan continued, "I have to explain to you why everyone generally uses this model. First of all, the agency fee is the threshold for cooperation. Although Wangchan is not a big company, it is impossible for any company to take away our game authorization. The starting threshold is the agency fee. Not only can the agency fee bring us a certain amount of income, but it can also help us measure the financial strength of the agency company. To operate an online game, we need a lot of funds as a backing. If a weak company takes away our game authorization, then our game might completely die in the local market because the agency company is not strong enough."

Lin Ching-ah nodded slightly. "I understand this very well."

Jin Youquan continued, "The operating income sharing can prevent our cooperation from becoming a one-off deal that Hua Xia often talks about. The game agency is not just buying a certain product. You pay, and I deliver the goods. On the contrary, after the game agency reaches an agreement, the follow-up cooperation will be tight and long. We will constantly upgrade the game, make the game more competitive, keep old users, and attract more new users. Therefore, after the cooperation, we also need to continuously provide your company with the latest version of the game and be responsible for all technical support for the new version except for the translation. Therefore, in order to make us value each other more and achieve a greater win-win situation, the operating income sharing is essential."

Lin Ching-ah leaned forward slightly and asked, "Mr. Jin, I actually understand what you're saying. Why don't we talk about the conditions that Wangchan requires? We're now at the stage where everything is ready and we're just waiting for the right opportunity. We can't wait to find a perfect partner. We really can't afford to waste our time."

Although Lin Qingya's words were a little rushed, the meaning behind her words was not that she was in a hurry to obtain "Miracle MU". She only wanted to let Jin Youquan know that Storm Entertainment already had the foundation to make a good game. What they lacked now was a reliable client-side game. However, that did not mean that they had to obtain "Miracle MU". Instead, if they could not come to an agreement with "Miracle MU", they could quickly switch to the next option.

In short, Lin Ching-ah wanted Jin Youquan to know that she was very anxious, but it did not have to be him. You don't have to explain too much to me. Just tell me your conditions directly. My time is precious, and I can't afford to delay. If I can't afford to delay, it also means that I don't have too much time to consider. Therefore, if your conditions are too high to the point that Storm Entertainment needs to consider carefully, then you're basically out of the game.

Jin Youquan saw that the other party couldn't wait to know Wangchan's price, and he understood what she wanted to express in his heart. After a little hesitation, he opened his mouth and said, "Wangchan's licensing conditions for Miracle MU in the Hua Xia market are: an agency fee of 60 million won, plus an annual profit share of 23%."