Chapter 199

Although Wang Jianshe's words were not very direct, Li Mu still figured it out.

No wonder he always felt that there was something wrong with Shen Dong's position. It turned out that he had a relationship with the Education Commission.

Shen Dong had always said that primary and secondary schools in the countryside needed more help. Combined with the fact that he had a brother-in-law who was the deputy director of the Education Commission, Li Mu understood in his heart. He had long been used to the interception of donations.

This kind of thing was often reported in the news of later generations. Ever since Miss Guo, who drove a Maserati, became popular, the education and charity systems had found countless big and small vermin over the years. There were only two kinds of tricks. The first was the appropriation of donations; the second was the interception of donations.

The interception of donations was nothing more than the financial resources donated by others being used for other purposes. The interception of donations was a bit disgusting. Generally, the donor wanted to donate directly to the donee, but the relevant departments had to come in and stir things up. They asked for the money to be donated to them first, and then they would donate it to the donee. In this way, the donation would be reduced by half, and some people could even intercept 90% or even 100% of the donation.

The reason why Li Mu came all the way here to do the financial aid instead of directly donating the net profit of 3,321 yuan to the relevant departments and public welfare organizations was that he was afraid that the financial aid would not enter the students' pockets, but fall into the pockets of others. Unexpectedly, after sitting in the principal's office for a while, someone came over to take advantage of his financial aid.

Shen Dong was a little angry when Wang Jianshe said this, but he did not immediately lose his temper. Instead, he deliberately pretended to be knowledgeable and said, "Principal Wang, your thinking is too narrow-minded. You only care about the snow in front of your own door and ignore the frost on other people's roof!

Boss Li has the intention to donate to the education of our Xishan County. This money must be used where it is needed most. "

Wang Jianshe asked, "Do you know where the blade is?"

Shen Dong slapped his thigh and blurted out, "Why don't I know!"

"Then tell me where the blade is.

If what you say makes sense and convinces Mr. Lee, Mr. Lee may personally send the money to the blade that you mentioned. "

Shen Dong did not expect Wang Jianshe to do this. He anxiously pointed at Wang Jianshe and said, "You, you …" After saying that for a long time, he could not say anything.

At this time, a series of hurried footsteps came from outside the door. Before anyone knocked on the door, the door was pushed open. Li Mu looked up and saw a slightly fat man pushing the door open and walking in. He was wearing formal trousers and a long-sleeved blue shirt. His hair was swept to the right side, a typical Mediterranean hairstyle.

As soon as the person entered the door, he said, "Aiyo, Principal Wang, which one of you is the honored guest from Yanjing?"

Wang Jianshe glanced at the man and said indifferently, "Director Huang, are you here to inspect our school?"

The person who came was the deputy director of the county education committee, Huang Zhen.

When Huang Zhen heard Wang Jianshe's question, he chuckled and said, "I'm here to see the honored guest from Yanjing. The county education committee is afraid that your Xilan High School will not be able to serve the honored guest well and neglect the honored guest. In addition, I'm also worried that you don't know much about the overall education situation in our county. It would not be good if you mislead the honored guest."

From the moment he entered the door, Huang Zhen's eyes darted around the room like Shen Dong. In a few seconds, he locked onto Li Mu. However, he was very surprised by Li Mu's age, because Li Mu looked to be around 20 years old. He might not even be 20 yet. Where did he get the 200,000 yuan to donate to the students of Xilan High School?

At first, Huang Zhen thought that the other party was here to talk nonsense, but after thinking about it carefully, he came all the way from Yanjing. How much money would it cost just for the travel expenses?

Who would torture themselves like this just to play a prank?

Moreover, he had such a beautiful girlfriend, she was as beautiful as a TV star.

Thinking about this, Huang Zhen was even happier. Young people coming out to do charity activities should be hot-headed rich kids. The more people like this, the easier it would be to coax them. As long as he diverted their attention away from Xilan High School, he would bring them to the village schools to take a look. Who knows, he might be able to make the blood in his heart boil even more. As long as he felt that there were more village primary schools in Xilan County that needed money more than Xilan High School, and with the guidance of the education committee, he should be able to feel at ease donating the money to the education committee.

Although Huang Zhen did not have such experience, when the city education committee had a meeting, another colleague who was also the second-in-command of the education committee in a poor county had told him about his experience. There was once a famous person in their county, he was born in the army and later entered the art troupe. He was considered to have some fame in the past. Later on, he met an opportunity and retired from the army to do business. He became an entrepreneur at the southern reform window and earned quite a lot of money. A few years ago, he wanted to return to his hometown to do some good deeds. Initially, he wanted to donate some money to his alma mater, but the education committee intervened and brought him around the villages.

Indeed, the entrepreneur felt that there were too many schools in his hometown that needed help. The village schools were far more difficult than his alma mater, so he thought of splitting the original donation amount in half, half to his alma mater, and the other half to the education committee. The education committee did not stop there, but secretly threw out an enticement to the entrepreneur. If he donated all the money to the education committee, the education committee would give him three silk banners, and they would send someone to personally deliver them to the reform window and his company.

The entrepreneur agreed immediately.

His original intention of donating to his alma mater was also thrown out the window.

Huang Zhen was prepared to learn from him today. He will first appease this young man and ask him not to rush to donate the money to Xilan High School. Then, he will play the sympathy and enticement card. He believed that this young man will obediently send the money to the education committee.

He and the leader had been waiting for a car for a long time. With this 200,000 RMB, not only will they solve the problem of a car, their lives will also be much better at the end of the year.

Wang Jianshe was in a bad mood at the moment. Huang Zhen had actually come, he really did not wake up early if there was no profit. It seemed like the education committee had their eyes on the more than 200,000 RMB donation that Li Mu was about to bring. If they really kept the money, it would be a blessing if even a tenth of the money could reach the hands of the students in the end.

When Shen Dong saw that his brother-in-law had arrived, he hurriedly introduced Li Mu to him. Huang Zhen said politely, "Boss Li, since Boss Li has come all the way to help our Xilan County's education, our county's education committee will definitely do our best as a host. Our director Chen has already booked a banquet at the best Anyuan Hotel in our county to specially entertain Boss Li, a philanthropist. Look, it's almost four o'clock now, why don't we go over now, have some tea and chat?"

Shen Dong also hurriedly added, "That's right, Boss Li, director Chen is going to the countryside to inspect the work tomorrow. You can chat with him and go take a look together. You can also familiarize yourself with our Xilan County's education situation. You came all the way here, we can't let you just donate and leave without knowing anything, right?"

Li Mu did not say anything. Seeing the two of them putting on a show in front of him, he had long been angry. What was the meaning of this?

Did they really think that he was a piece of cake?

Wasn't this way of eating a little too unsightly?

Couldn't they be more professional on the surface?

At first, Li Mu thought that it was better not to slap a smiling person. However, in the future, the educational aid from 3321 would have to go to more places like Xilan County. If every place they went, there would be a local education committee trying to stop the donations, then 3321 would not be able to continue doing their job. Hence, he had to be tough enough for the first time. It just so happened that he had brought along the media reporters. This first time, he had to set an example so that in the future, all sorts of evil people would consciously avoid him!

Li Mu, who had been silent all this while, said, "Deputy Director Huang, there's no need for a meal. Xilan County is the best hotel, and a table of banquets costs a lot of money. It's better to save it for one more student."

Huang Zhen's heart skipped a beat. What did he mean?

He didn't give him face even though he was paying so much attention to him. Was he really here to help?

Huang Zhen's mind spun and he immediately changed his plan. "Boss Lee has a point. How about this, why don't you come to my place for dinner tonight? I'll get my wife to cook some home-cooked dishes. I'll tell you about the education situation in Xilan County and the inspection tomorrow."

From Huang Zhen's point of view, if Li Mu was fishing for fame, then he would definitely make it clear during the meal. As long as he gave the money to the education committee, they would definitely send a banner and thank you letter. However, if Li Mu really wanted to help, then that was fine too. He could follow the countryside and see how hard it was to teach in the countryside. As long as the education committee showed concern for the grassroots, he would most likely give the money to the education committee. Furthermore, the cost of the banner and thank you letter was low, so he could totally promise to send the money. If that didn't work, then he could ask the principal and teachers of the village primary school to bring the students to welcome him. By then, he believed that a twenty year old young man would definitely not be able to bear the hardship.

He had a good plan and was waiting for Li Mu to agree to have a meal at his house. However, he didn't expect Li Mu to say expressionlessly, "There's really no need for a meal. We're only here to donate some scholarships to the third year students of Xilan High School. We'll send the money to the students tomorrow morning and return to Beijing."

Huang Zhen hurriedly said, "That won't affect the meal, right?"

Li Mu stood up and said firmly, "Thank you for your kindness. I appreciate it."

After that, he said to Wang Jianshe, "Principal Wang, the name list will be according to your decision. Please organize the students tomorrow morning. When the bank opens tomorrow morning, we'll withdraw the money and arrive at school before nine o'clock."

As soon as Wang Jianshe saw that Li Mu had expressed his stance and blocked Huang Zhen and Shen Dong's way, he couldn't help but look at him in a new light. He said excitedly, "Okay!

I'll ask all the students to gather at the sports field tomorrow morning at nine o'clock! "

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I'll see you tomorrow." Then he said to Zhao Ziqiu, Hu Zhengdao, and Liu Nian, "Let's go."

The other three had already seen through Huang Zhen's face. They didn't want to stay in the same room with this kind of person. When they heard that Li Mu was going to leave, they all got up and followed him out. Huang Zhen was anxious. He hurriedly caught up and said, "Boss Li, Boss Li, your donation is really a little childish, Boss Li."

Li Mu ignored him. He ran out of the door and said in the corridor, "Boss Li, the village schools need your donation more..."

"Boss Li, why don't we make a deal? If you want to donate money to Xilan High School, that's not a problem. But Xilan High School doesn't need so much money. Why don't we divide the money into two parts? One part for Xilan High School, and the other part for the village schools..."