Chapter 96

Simple Plan was really going to be popular this time. The band had just won the national championship and immediately received the favor of countless record companies. Almost on the night of the final, representatives of several record companies came to the hotel where the four stayed and blocked the door to ask them to sign a contract.

The contracts given by each company were very attractive. In the domestic pop music circle, which valued individuals and looked down on teams, Simple Plan's contract could be said to be the first for a mainland band.

Basic salary, division, packaging, distribution of records, music video shooting, national tour, the number of designated announcements each year, and other excellent conditions were written in the contract, but no record company got the contract of Simple Plan.

Zhang Kexuan and the other three knew very well that more than 60% of their victory this time was due to Li Mu. If they wanted to go higher and further, they must follow Li Mu closely and listen to him.

Therefore, these four young people who came all the way from Jinling to Yanjing to stir up the music circle immediately flew back to Jinling after attending the press conference the day after winning the championship.

The local media in Jinling were waiting and began to surround Simple Plan at the airport. The four people of Simple Plan were obviously more patient when facing the media in their hometown. Not only did they accept a simple interview at the airport, but they also agreed to interview invitations from the provincial satellite TV and Jinling local TV stations. They even agreed to go to Jinling Music Radio Station as a guest for a music program.

The four went to Zhang Kexuan's house that night, and their parents also gathered at Zhang Kexuan's house to celebrate. Zhang Kexuan took the time to call Li Mu and wanted to ask him what the band should do next.

Li Mu gave him a sentence: "Don't look for me these days. Enjoy the glory that a champion should have."

Then Li Mu hung up the phone.

He knew these four guys. Didn't they play music to show off?

This time they finally had a chance to show off, so they should show off for a few days. Sometimes people's so-called pursuit of ideals was actually for this little bit of vanity.

Speaking of which, Li Mu had no time to care about them. His store was going to open the day after tomorrow. This was the biggest thing he had ever done in his two lives.

However, Li Mu did not really put these guys' matters aside. Now that they had won the championship, it was a good opportunity to take the opportunity to promote themselves. The rest of the matter would be left to Zhao Kang and his fake reviewers.

Remembering that he had received a promotion fee of 100,000 yuan from Zhang Kexuan last time, Li Mu went to the bank and transferred 70,000 yuan to Zhao Kang, of which 50,000 yuan was working capital and 20,000 yuan was Zhao Kang's remuneration.

As soon as the money was transferred, he happened to receive a call from Zhao Kang. Li Mu was about to tell him about the money when Zhao Kang said anxiously, "Little Mu, something happened."

"What's going on?" Li Mu frowned. It didn't sound like a good thing.

Zhao Kang said, "There was a car accident in the suburbs yesterday morning. Someone killed a vegetable farmer couple and then ran away. Now there are posts promoting this matter everywhere on the Internet. The photos of the scene have also been exposed. It's too horrible to look at. The netizens are in an uproar!

The netizens are so excited that they want to collect clues and catch the escaped murderer. The netizens' attention is attracted by this matter. Not many people are paying attention to Guo Lin's matter! "

Li Mu had previously asked Zhao Kang to continue fanning the flames of Guo Lin's matter in order to not let Guo Lin have an easy time. However, for Guo Lin, this basically did not cause any more damage. Li Mu also had no choice. He had always wanted to bring Guo Lin down, but he had been struggling to find a winning move.

The public's attention was limited. Once they were attracted by another hot topic, they would naturally pay less attention to another matter. This was something that couldn't be helped.

The worst thing was that this case was a hit-and-run, and it was a serious matter. The netizens did not just pay attention to this matter. Since they had begun to post everywhere to collect clues, it proved that they had personally participated in it. It was not just a simple attention. At this time, Li Mu had no other choice.

The Internet Water Army acted as the yeast on the Internet. However, there was no face, and the yeast alone was not enough.

Li Mu was a little worried. Although he clearly knew that Guo Lin had given up on the plan to harm his father, Li Mu still had the thought of fighting to the end. Who asked Guo Lin to harm his own family?

After a moment, Li Mu frowned even more because he vaguely felt that the hit-and-run, the vegetable farmer couple, and the death of both parties seemed a little familiar.

After thinking about it carefully, Li Mu searched for some information about this matter in his memory.

This car accident did attract a lot of attention from the netizens in Haizhou for a period of time. However, as the murderer was not caught, the matter was slowly forgotten and became an unsolved case.

It was not until a few years later that the murderer surfaced. To everyone's surprise, the hit-and-run that year turned out to be the future famous energy tycoon in the province, Wu Dong.

Wu Dong was from Haizhou. He started out in the coal industry and quickly became the number one coal tycoon in the province in a few years. A few years later, he competed with others in Jinling and hired killers to kill three of his competitors. He thought that he could get away with it and become the number one coal tycoon in the province. He did not expect that he would offend someone in the higher management. The police tried their best to solve the three murder cases and finally found Wu Dong.

Wu Dong spent tens of millions to mediate and was sentenced to death. At this time, someone reported that Wu Dong had killed a vegetable farmer couple in Haizhou while drunk driving a few years ago. After the incident, Wu Dong gave Li Jiawei, the second-in-command of the Municipal Public Security Bureau at that time, three million yuan. Li Jiawei helped him destroy a lot of evidence at the scene and instructed his men to deal with it vaguely. He also told Wu Dong to find a way to get the accident car to Wen City and sell it as a stolen car to destroy the evidence. That was how the case became unsolved.

In the end, Wu Dong was sentenced to death for several crimes. Even Li Jiawei, who had been promoted to the director of the Haizhou Municipal Public Security Bureau, was sent to prison because of him.

Li Mu's brain worked fast. Wu Dong and Guo Lin had a special relationship. Wu Dong had always treated Guo Lin like the God of Wealth. Wu Dong monopolized 80% of the coal produced by the West Ridge Mine, and Guo Lin's main source of income was Wu Dong. This was a well-known secret in Haizhou. Since Wu Dong had caused such a big trouble, why didn't Li Mu just light a fire and tie Guo Lin and Wu Dong together?

After making up his mind, Li Mu waited for the right time. He had to wait for the situation to develop.

Comments about the hit-and-run on the Internet were overwhelming within a day. The culprit of the hit-and-run had also become the target of criticism by the citizens of Haizhou. At noon that day, Haizhou TV Station and Haizhou Daily reported on the incident. What pushed the incident to a new height was the video interview of the victim's family that night on the evening news.

The victim couple had two children. The elder daughter was in high school, and the younger son was still in elementary school. In addition, there were two elderly people living with the victim couple. Now that the two of them had been involved in the car accident, the pillar of support for the entire family had collapsed. The source of income for the two elderly people and the two children had been completely cut off. The helpless and painful appearance of the four people in front of the camera moved countless citizens of Haizhou.

On the second day of the incident, citizens and netizens began to take the initiative to donate money to the victim's family. There was an overwhelming amount of information about donations and clues about the hit-and-run driver on the Internet. Under such circumstances, basically no one would pay attention to Guo Lin.

Guo Lin was completely relieved. At the same time, he thanked the hit-and-run driver's family in his heart. At the critical moment, the hit-and-run driver had helped him by diverting the public's attention away from him.

At that moment, Guo Lin did not know that the hit-and-run driver was Wu Dong, who had a close relationship with him.

Before dawn on the day of the incident, Wu Dong, under Li Jiawei's instructions, found his confidant to remodel the hit-and-run vehicle, load it into a container truck, and drive it to the south overnight.

After sending three million yuan to Li Jiawei, Li Jiawei assured him that the number of cameras in the entire Haizhou traffic system was less than three digits, and the surveillance coverage was pitifully small. There was not a single camera within a five-kilometer radius of the accident site. Since the incident happened in the wee hours of the morning, there were no witnesses at the scene. Based on the clues at the scene alone, they could not even lock onto the hit-and-run vehicle, let alone link it to him.

Therefore, after two days of anxiety, Wu Dong was relieved. The hit-and-run vehicle was the key evidence. Now that it was gone, he did not have to worry about the police at all. It did not matter even if the TV stations reported on it every day. It was impossible to connect the hit-and-run with him.

After a lot of relief, Wu Dong secretly cursed Guo Lin's good luck. Some time ago, Guo Lin had asked him to spend money to delete the posts. He did not expect that after his incident, no one would pay attention to him anymore. It turned out that he had helped Guo Lin out. Unfortunately, he could not ask Guo Lin for any benefits.