Chapter 349

The restaurant was located at the busiest intersection in Sanlitun. There were three floors to the restaurant. The first and second floors were open to the public, while the third floor was Li Tong's territory. His office and the place where he entertained his friends were on the third floor. Next to it was a two-story coffee shop. On the third floor of the coffee shop was a French bar, an authentic European-style quiet bar. The restaurants, coffee, and bars were all Li Tong's own businesses. It was said that there was a 37-story building under renovation behind the restaurant. He had already booked the 35th, 36th, and 37th floors in advance. After the New Year, he would be able to enter the building and renovate it into a French Yue hotel.

Li Tong's plans were basically in the direction of collectivization, and he had chosen Sanlitun, which was one of the most popular commercial districts in Beijing. It showed that his financial strength was very strong.

Su Yingxue's aunt and uncle had not arrived yet, so Li Mu chatted with them for a while. When he remembered that this was Sanlitun, Li Mu thought of Fatty Wang's SugarClub, which he had also invested money in. However, he had never paid attention to his progress, so he asked Hui Ka Ming, "By the way, how's Old Wang's SugarClub going?"

Hui Ka Ming said, "I mentioned it a few days ago, and it seems to be 70 to 80% done. Now it's rushing to open for business on the second day of the New Year. Most people come out to have fun during the New Year."

Li Mu laughed, "Then I won't have time to come and support you."

Hui Ka Ming smiled and asked him, "You're going to have your holidays soon, right?"

Li Mu nodded, "Soon, in a few days."

"You're going back as soon as the holidays start?"

"Yes, I'll leave during the holidays."

Hui Ka Ming nodded and asked, "Have you seen Old Chen recently?"

Li Mu knew that he was asking about Chen Ze, so he shook his head and said, "Not for a few days."

Hui Ka Ming laughed, "Old Chen has been crazy busy recently, he doesn't respond to anyone."

Li Mu asked curiously, "What is he busy with?"

Hui Ka Ming shook his head and said, "I don't know what he's busy with, but I heard that Dufy is coming back soon. Old Chen probably wants to settle a lot of things before she comes back so that he can spend time with her when she comes back."

Li Mu was speechless. "Old Chen is quite infatuated."

"Of course."

Hui Ka Ming said, "He's famous in the industry for being useless no matter how many women throw themselves at him. All he can think about is Dufy."

Li Tong said with a smile, "Brother Chen and Sister Fei have been entangled for many years, right?

I don't know what Sister Fei is thinking. She has never given him an explanation. "

Hui Ka Ming smiled and said, "Their relationship is complicated, we can't comment on it."

Then, Hui Ka Ming changed the topic and said to Li Mu, "When you met the parents today, did you know what they like in advance?"

Li Mu glanced at Su Yingxue, spread out his hands and said, "My girlfriend said that her aunt and uncle don't care much about food."

Hui Ka Ming said, "It doesn't matter if they don't care. The chef here is very good, he will definitely satisfy all of you."

As soon as he finished speaking, a man in overalls walked over quickly and said to Li Zong, "Li Zong, there are two guests. They said that they came with Mr. Lee Li Mu. Our greeter has already brought them in."

Li Tong nodded and said to Li Mu, "Then we won't bother you anymore. Li Mu, if you have any needs, just tell the waiter here. I've already told him in advance."

Hui Ka Ming also said, "Let's go upstairs to have a cup of tea. Call me if you need anything."

Li Mu and Su Yingxue thanked them and left in a hurry. Less than half a minute after they left, the white woman who had welcomed the guests downstairs personally led Su Yingxue's aunt and uncle upstairs.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue hurriedly stood by the table. When the greeter brought them to the front, Su Yingxue said with a blush, "Aunt, uncle."

It was the first time that she had brought her boyfriend to meet her family. Although it was not her parents, Su Yingxue was still a little nervous and shy.

Li Mu was also a little nervous, but his face was still calm. He said politely, "Hello, uncle and aunt."

This was the first time that Su Yuehua and Wang Shaohua had met Li Mu face-to-face. Although they had seen him on TV and in real life from a certain distance, when they met face to face, they found that Li Mu was still very good-looking. He was also tall, standing in front of them with a straight back, very energetic.

Su Yuehua's first impression of Li Mu was very good. Maybe it was because she had heard some of Li Mu's deeds, she had the impression that Li Mu was a talent. So when they met, she saw that his appearance and temperament were very good, which made her feel that Li Mu was both talented and good-looking, which was very rare.

The same was true for Wang Shaohua. Li Mu was not the kind of fair-skinned, frail scholar, but he looked much more mature than his peers.

Both of them nodded to Li Mu. After everyone sat down at the table, Su Yuehua said with a smile, "I've seen you on TV before. I know that you and Yingxue are both studying at the National People's Congress, but I didn't pay much attention at that time. I didn't expect that you and Yingxue were high school classmates."

Although Su Yuehua knew that Li Mu and Su Yingxue were in a relationship, she deliberately did not say it out loud. Instead, she mentioned that they were classmates. In fact, it was also a disguised expression of her attitude. She didn't want to directly admit that they were in a relationship at such a young age.

Li Mu smiled and said, "I was in the same class with Yingxue in the first year of high school. Originally, when I took the college entrance examination, I also wanted to fill in the same major as her, but my score was not good, so I couldn't be chosen."

Wang Shaohua glanced at Li Mu, smiled slightly, and did not say much, but his impression of Li Mu was a little better.

The meaning of Li Mu's words was actually very straightforward. He came for Su Yingxue. From high school to now, it was also a subtle proof of his feelings for Su Yingxue.

Su Yuehua also heard the meaning of Li Mu's words, and asked him with a smile, "Xiao Li, how many people are in your family?"

Li Mu said, "Three, I'm the only child."

Su Yuehua nodded and asked again, "Are your parents in Haizhou?"

Li Mu said, "They are, born and raised in Haizhou."

Su Yuehua said, "I see that you are not very old, and you are the only one in your family. Your parents should be in their early forties, right?"

Li Mu nodded, "My parents got married early and gave birth to me early. This year, my father is 41 and my mother is 40."

Su Yuehua frowned slightly, and then said with a smile, "Then your parents are indeed very young. What do they do?"

At this time, Su Yuehua was inferring the occupation of Li Mu's parents. If Li Mu was born, his father was only 22 years old, and his mother was only 21 years old, then she could conclude that Li Mu's parents did not go to college. At most, they had a high school education.

Su Yuehua had four siblings, two older brothers, and one younger sister. All four of them graduated from college. Not only them, but even their parents were college students before the founding of the People's Republic. It could be said that they were from a scholarly family. If these four families were to look for in-laws in the future, money would not be the first priority, but the education level of the other party's family might be the most important.

However, Su Yuehua did not have a bad opinion of Li Mu because of this. After all, Li Mu was a student of the National People's Congress. From this point alone, he and Su Yingxue were a match.

Li Mu did not hide Su Yuehua's question. "My parents used to be employees of the Xiling Coal Mine. Last year, they were laid off and opened a clothing store in Haizhou."

Su Yuehua nodded gently, and there was some disappointment in her eyes that could not be hidden.

In the past few years, the wave of layoffs had been more and more turbulent, especially in state-owned manufacturing enterprises and energy enterprises. Four out of ten male employees were laid off, and eight out of ten female employees were laid off. The coal mine was not a good unit to begin with, and both husband and wife were laid off. On the other hand, her second brother's family had just been promoted to the head of the Haizhou Municipal Bureau some time ago. For a person of his age, it was already very impressive for him to be able to get to this point. Her sister-in-law was also a national civil servant and a section-level cadre. There was really a gap between Li Mu's parents and Su Yingxue's parents.

Speaking of opening a clothing store, when Su Yuehua heard the words' opening a clothing store ', she couldn't help but think of the small shops selling inferior clothes on the streets and alleys of Haizhou. Therefore, the gap in her heart was even greater.

Su Yuehua could not not respond, so she asked casually, "Opening a clothing store should be quite profitable, right?"

Although she said so, she did not think so in her heart. A clothing store in a place like Haizhou could make twenty or thirty thousand yuan a year, right?

Su Yingxue realized that her aunt might be a little dissatisfied with Li Mu's family situation, so she hurriedly pretended to be careless and said casually, "Aunt, Li Mu's parents are very discerning. They first opened a Metersbonwe store in Haizhou, and then a Sema store."

Su Yuehua was stunned. Although she did not wear these two brands, because her daughter liked them, she often went shopping with her daughter. These two stores should be the most popular brands among young people now, so the business was very good every time they went, especially on weekends. When they went there, they even had to line up in the fitting room.

Although she did not do business, Su Yuehua had heard about this kind of franchise stores. If a store was opened in Yan Jing, it was estimated that it would cost millions. Even in a small city like Haizhou, it would cost hundreds of thousands to open a store, right?

Thinking of this, she was full of curiosity about Li Mu's family. In this day and age, if you wanted to know how much a worker could earn, you only needed to know three things: the place, the enterprise, and the position. First, Haizhou. The average salary in Haizhou was less than 1,000 yuan. The coal enterprise might be a little better, but the salary would not be much higher than the ordinary salary. Most importantly, Li Mu's parents had been laid off, which proved that their position was not too high. It was estimated that when they were on the job, their monthly salary was at most 2,000 yuan. How could a family with this level of income open two franchises after being laid off?