Chapter 1309

By the time Li Mu and the veterans returned to the hotel, it was already past four o 'clock in the afternoon.

Ninety percent of the three hundred or so company leaders had already arrived, and they had all checked in under the staff's arrangements. At this moment, they were in groups of three to five, chatting and gathering in the rooms of some of their peers they were familiar with.

The charity night was held in the banquet hall, and the venue was very simple. Other than a main stage and a sign-in wall, Li Mu didn't make any extra preparations. For this charity night, Li Mu hoped that everything would be as simple as possible. He wanted to get rid of all the minor details and directly present the core of this charity night to everyone.

Li Mu received many calls from Li Zong. He had always wanted to meet with him before the charity night started, hoping to talk about something important in private. Li Mu could roughly guess his intentions, so he arranged to meet him in his room at five o 'clock.

At four forty, Li Zong came knocking on the door.

Li Ziwei opened the door and invited Li Zong to the furnished living room, where Li Mu had just sat down and had a sip of tea.

Seeing Li Zong come in, Li Mu greeted him enthusiastically, "Li Zong, come and have some tea."

Li Zong was also very polite, and said to Li Mu with a smile, "Long time no see, Li Zong!"

Li Mu couldn't help but laugh, "You're also Li Zong, and I'm also Li Zong. Don't be so silly that you can't tell them apart. I also have Li Zong here, and it's really troublesome for three people with the surname Li to call each other."

Only then did Li Zong realize that Li Mu's assistant, Li Ziwei, also had the surname Li.

Li Mu said, "How about this, you can call me Li Mu, and I'll call you Robin. This is my assistant, Li Ziwei, and you can call her Ziwei."

Li Zong smiled and nodded. He couldn't help but feel very happy, because Li Mu actually knew that his English name was Robin, which made him feel very honored.

Right now, Li Mu's status had grown to the point that all the netizens in the country looked up to him, and so did Li Zong. He debuted very early and became famous very early, but it didn't matter. There were a lot of people in the domestic netizens who were more experienced than him, but they all had to bow their heads in front of Li Mu. After all, Li Mu's status was huge, and the current market value of Makino Technology was nearly a hundred times that of Baidu. Just this point alone was enough to make Li Zong lower himself by three levels in front of Li Mu.

Li Mu invited Li Zong to sit next to him, and Li Ziwei quickly came up and poured a cup of tea for him. Li Zong took a sip and praised, "Li Zong, this Pu 'er tea is really good!"

Li Mu said, "Look at you, didn't we agree that you call me by my name, and I'll call you Robin?"

Robin smiled and said, "You call me Robin, and I'll call you Li Zong. That's more appropriate."

Li Mu shook his head helplessly, thinking that Robin could call him whatever he wanted, so he asked him, "Robin, what's the matter?"

Robin hesitated for a moment, but he still said, "Li Zong, then I'll get straight to the point. We worked together on Yi Ting before, but due to some reasons, Baidu dropped us early. But to be honest, there's a huge demand for online music searches and downloads, and Yi Ting is the leader in this field, so we hope to acquire Yi Ting to supplement our business and traffic. After all, Yi Ting is currently of little value to Li Zong's business structure."

Li Mu knew that there was a hidden meaning in Robin's words. Back then, Baidu did indeed have shares in Yi Ting, but he tricked them into dropping them early. However, he didn't violate his professional ethics, but all was fair in war. At that time, Baidu felt that he was leading Yi Ting down the wrong path, so they took the initiative to leave. Later on, Yi Ting rose to prominence, and they could only blame themselves for their lack of foresight and lack of determination.

At that time, the son of Hong Kong's richest man, Mr. Lee, who held 20% of Tengxun's shares, also got out of the car early because of his lack of determination, and missed the super aircraft carrier with a market value of 3 trillion yuan. But who could he blame?

So, Li Mu didn't respond to his words, and said directly to him, "Robin, to be honest, Yi Ting is still very important to my entire business structure."

After saying this, the subtext in Li Mu's heart was: Yi Ting is indeed of little value now, but if you want to buy it, then it is my treasure.

Robin also knew that Li Mu was not a good person. Although he was very generous in charity, when it came to business, he was the most treacherous businessman in the world.

Therefore, Robin didn't beat around the bush with Li Mu and said directly, "If Li Zong is interested in selling Yi Ting, you can give us an offer. If Baidu is not strong enough, we can use the funds behind us to operate. In short, as long as the price is right, Baidu is willing to accept it."

Li Mu smiled and didn't say anything, but Robin felt a little scared. Then, Li Mu asked him, "Robin, do you think I lack money?"

Robin was immediately speechless.

Was Li Mu short of money?

Of course he was not short of money.

Not only did he have three big companies in his hands, but he also had Yi Ting and Miracle MU, which continued to earn cash for him. Moreover, with the last round of financing of Makino Technology, Li Mu had just gotten a large sum of cash in hand.

There were many people in the Internet industry in China, but most of their assets were illusory net worth. Not only was Li Mu the most valuable, but he also had the most cash.

It was indeed very difficult to do business with a person who was not short of money and wanted to buy the things in the other party's hands.

However, Li Mu was not short of money, but Robin knew in his heart that Baidu really lacked Yi Ting.

Then, he said very humbly to Li Mu, "Li Zong, I know that with your current asset situation, you are not short of money at all, but Yi Ting is your asset after all. If there is a suitable opportunity to liquidate the asset, it is not impossible to consider liquidating it. After all, it is more flexible to operate with cash …"

Li Mu waved his hand and said seriously, "Robin, I don't agree with your point of view. As a friend, I also suggest that you don't be too obsessed with cash in the future. The future economic development will definitely cause currency devaluation, so I suggest that except for the necessary emergency funds, you should use all the remaining cash as investment assets. If you want to manage it, you can set up an angel investment fund. If you don't want to manage it, it is also a good choice to simply exchange the cash for real estate. It is very irrational to keep too much cash in your hands."

Li Mu seemed to be giving Robin a better financial advice, but he also rejected Robin's request. If Li Mu would sell Yi Ting just to cash out, then he would not have become the Li Mu he was today.

Robin looked embarrassed. He knew that it was difficult for Li Mu to agree to sell Yi Ting, but he did not expect Li Mu to refuse so decisively.

When he thought of the time when Li Mu told him that he would sell Yi Ting to him sooner or later, Robin felt bitter in his heart.

There was no way he could say that. Li Mu did not make any promises to him. It was just a matter of a few words. If he refused to let go and insisted on Li Mu fulfilling his promise, then he would appear to be stupid. However, Baidu really needed Yi Ting. If he did not get Li Mu's support, Baidu's traffic would probably decrease in the future. After all, he still had to be wary of the behemoth Google. Robin's life was not going to be easy at all.

At this time, even Robin himself could not believe that Google would one day withdraw from the Hua Xia market and leave the search engine market of more than a billion people to him. So now he could be said to be troubled both internally and externally, and he could not sleep at all.

Li Mu saw his helplessness. In front of him, he really didn't have much persuasiveness and didn't have any weight to speak of. It was impossible for him to convince him to sell the E-Listening Network with his ability, not to mention that he had his own plans.

So, Li Mu said to Robin earnestly, "Robin, you really don't know how much Yi Ting means to me."

Robin looked at Li Mu with a dumbfounded face, feeling very unhappy. "You never tell me the truth. I've long seen through you. Damn it, when you tricked me into getting off the car, I shouldn't have been fooled by you. Your Easy Listening Network hasn't made any big moves for a long time. Everyone knows that it's of little value to you. Now that I want to buy it, you tell me that it's of great significance to you. You're really not an ordinary profiteer!"

Li Mu didn't care what Robin thought of him, he said with a face full of emotion, "Aiya, you don't know this, but the Easy Listening website is my first entrepreneurial project. From the Easy Listening website itself, I haven't made a single cent from it. In order to ensure the user experience of the Easy Listening website, I didn't even accept any external advertisements on the website. But the website is the incubator of my entire product empire!"

Speaking of this, Li Mu paused, took a sip of tea, and sighed, "If it was not for Yi Ting, I would not have been able to incubate a huge online community like Tieba.

And Tieba is the real beginning of my dream of an Internet. You must know that I gathered users through Tieba and promoted Happy Farm through Tieba. That was how I snatched away Tengxun QQ's user network, and finally cast the current Makino Technology. "

Robin nodded. Li Mu was right. The history of his business had been studied like a bible countless times in the industry. Just as Li Mu said, everything started from Yi Ting. Although Yi Ting seemed to be irrelevant to Li Mu now, all of Li Mu's big products today were hatched and born from Yi Ting.

At this time, Li Mu looked at Robin and asked him, "Tell me yourself, is Yi Ting meaningful to me?

If I say it shamelessly, it is equivalent to the Apple that fell on Newton's head. Without that Apple, Newton might not have become a physicist. Similarly, without Yi Ting, there would be no me today. "

Robin sweated, nodded and said, "Li Zong, you are right, but although this Apple is significant, I am afraid it will rot in your hands …"

Li Mu said, "Our family can afford it. It means so much to us. If the day comes that we can't keep it fresh, it's worth it to buy a refrigerator for it. If that doesn't work, we can also make it into a specimen. Not to eat it, but to keep it as a souvenir for ourselves. Is that okay?"

Robin was about to cry. He really could not win against Li Mu. He could turn black into white and white into black. He could even turn a rotten Apple into gold. What could he do?

If the law did not care, he would fight him right now.

Just when Robin was feeling extremely depressed, Li Mu suddenly changed the topic and said, "Robin, why don't you go back and discuss with your shareholders and the capital behind you to acquire Yi Ting!"

"Acquisition?!" The second thing that Robin was afraid of had happened.

He was most afraid that Li Mu would not sell. Secondly, he was afraid that Li Mu was willing to sell, but not willing to sell for money. Instead, he was afraid that Robin would use Baidu's shares to acquire Yi Ting.

At this time, Li Mu seemed to have seen through all of Robin's thoughts. He smiled and said, "If you can give Yi Ting a good acquisition offer, I will give Yi Ting to you. At the same time, I will ask Makino Technology to give you enough resources."