Chapter 1263

When it came to cost-effectiveness in the service industry, Li Mu was most impressed by Haidilao.

When it came to taste, Haidilao might not be able to rank in the top five among domestic hot pot restaurants.

When it came to price, Haidilao's per capita consumption level of one or two hundred yuan was definitely above average in the domestic hot pot restaurant industry.

However, Haidilao had a super awesome ability. This ability was: Every restaurant it opened would become popular.

Why did Haidilao have such a superpower that all food and beverage companies dreamed of? In the end, it was because of the cost-effectiveness.

He knew that his prices were not at an advantage, and he also knew that his taste was not at an advantage. Therefore, he improved his quality control and service to maximize his price-performance ratio.

The reason why Chinese food chain restaurants were difficult to run was that once a chain restaurant was opened, it was difficult to do a good job in quality control. Most Chinese food relied on chefs, and each chef had a different taste. Two restaurants with the same menu and the same ingredients, but the difference in chefs would lead to a world of difference in taste. If a chain company could not maintain a unified taste, it had already lost at the beginning.

Haidilao's quality control on this point could be said to have reached the extreme. First of all, all the hot pot bases were made uniformly. That was to say, the hot pot bases and seasonings used in Haidilao's stores all over the country were all produced in batches in accordance with strict industrial rules. In this regard, the difference in taste was almost undetectable.

As for the ingredients, Haidilao also purchased them uniformly. All the ingredients in the Haidilao hot pot restaurants in Hua Xia were uniformly supplied by the head office. After strict quality control, there would never be a difference in the taste of lamb or cabbage between several restaurants.

After these points were done, Haidilao's quality control had already taken shape, ensuring that hot pot restaurants all over the country could provide the same products.

In addition, Haidilao's hot pot service was so good that it could be said to be a model in the national food and beverage industry.

The patience of Haidilao's waiters to customers was extremely rare in the domestic catering industry. They were also very good at calculating general accounts, not small accounts. The so-called general accounts meant that Haidilao pursued big data such as the price of the customer, the turnover rate, and the overall profit margin. Therefore, they would not be too picky about the details. Therefore, they could provide free drinks, snacks, and fruits to the waiting customers. They could also provide free side dishes to the dining guests. All of this was for the final big data service.

However, many food and beverage industries were different. Such enterprises or restaurants pursued savings in all aspects. When they thought that providing free snacks, drinks, and fruits to every customer might cause the cost of each customer to increase by two or three yuan, they would feel so pained that they were about to die. Then, they would wave their hands and cut it. When they thought that turning on the air conditioner too much in summer would increase the electricity bill, they would wave their hands and not turn on the air conditioner until the temperature was 38 degrees Celsius. The better disposable chopsticks cost fifty cents, and the cheapest one only cost five cents. So, they would wave their hands again and use the cheapest one. A bowl of stewed beef with potatoes sold for 38 yuan, and three yuan worth of beef was used. Thinking about it, they still felt pained, so they cut it down to two yuan...

Therefore, many food and beverage enterprises and restaurants constantly calculated their own accounts in the process of accounting. The service was getting worse, the taste was getting worse, the portion was getting smaller, and the price was getting higher and higher. It was impossible for customers to come back again. Except for tourist attractions that dared to say that they did not care for old customers, other food and beverage enterprises would inevitably die if they could not retain old customers.

To some extent, the express delivery industry was actually the same.

What Li Mu wanted to pursue was to calculate the total accounts like Haidilao. He wanted to let the consumers feel the cost-performance ratio. He did not just blindly reduce the price, but also let them chase after the express delivery service like how they chased after Haidilao's service.

Therefore, Li Mu said to Liu Shixiong, "Developing low-end products and further lowering the market terminal price is only one of the points. There is another point that I need you to implement together, Senior Brother."

Liu Shixiong hurriedly said, "Go ahead, I will remember it."

Li Mu said, "The other point is that we must further improve the quality of our service and the service experience of the consumers. For example, we must carry out systematic professional training for our frontline express delivery personnel. Whether it is receiving or delivering express delivery, they must provide door-to-door service. Moreover, we must give the best service to the users. Politeness, thoughtfulness, consideration, and humanization are the professional qualities that our frontline staff needs to have."

"In addition, we also need to enhance the user experience through technical means. For example, we can develop an online order function, so that users who have a need for delivery can directly order on the website, and the express delivery personnel will come to collect it. Then, we can optimize the logistics information that we show to the users to further enhance their experience when they use our logistics management system to inquire about express delivery."

Liu Shixiong still did not know much about the technology and products of the Internet. When he heard Li Mu say that he wanted to optimize the system, he was a little confused and self-deprecatingly said, "To be honest, I haven't been in contact with the Internet for long enough, so I don't know much about the real technical aspects. In my current opinion, our system is already so powerful in the industry that it is somewhat abnormal, so I can't think of any optimization methods at once."

As he said that, Liu Shixiong looked at Li Mu and said, "Since you said that, I think you must have a specific idea, right?"

Li Mu said, "I have an idea, but this idea involves a lot of aspects, so I'm not sure if I have the conditions to implement it at the moment."

Lei Jianguo quickly said, "Li Zong, why don't I give Xudong a call and ask him to come over now? Since we are not far from each other, it will only take ten minutes."

Li Mu thought about it. Right now, Fang Xudong was in charge of the overall development of the software and hardware, so it was necessary to have a good chat with him. Since his thoughts were clear now, he quickly passed the message to Fang Xudong so that he could think of a way to implement it as soon as possible.

Thus, Li Mu said to Lei Jianguo, "Give Xudong a call and ask him to come over. At the same time, ask him to bring me someone who knows about hardware!"

...

Fifteen minutes later, Fang Xudong hurried over, accompanied by two men whom Li Mu had never seen before. They seemed to be in their thirties, and each of them was wearing a thick pair of glasses, giving off the vibe of science and engineering majors.

When the three of them came in, Fang Xudong hurriedly greeted Li Mu and said with a smile, "Li Zong, I haven't seen you for a long time. I've been waiting for you to instill some more advanced ideas into me."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I've been quite busy recently. Moreover, your overall management of this business is very good. In the future, it's best that you come up with more advanced ideas yourself."

Fang Xudong nodded and introduced the two people beside him. "Li Zong, let me introduce you. These two are the senior engineers of our hardware laboratory."

After that, Fang Xudong pointed to the tall and skinny man on his right and said, "This is Luo Xin. He graduated from IBM three months ago, and is currently our senior expert in commercial servers."

After listening to Fang Xudong's introduction, Luo Xin hurriedly stepped forward and extended his hand to Li Mu. He said, "Hello, Li Zong. I was inspired by your speech at Harvard and decided to return to China to develop my career. After officially joining Makino Technology, I only learned about your overseas talent return plan. I admire your foresight very much, and I'm very honored to be a part of this plan!"

Li Mu shook hands with him and said, "I hope that the opportunities we give you are better than the opportunities you have overseas."

Luo Xin nodded seriously and said, "It's much better than overseas. At first, my parents were very opposed to me returning to China because I'm the child of immigrants. I was born in the United States, and my parents worked hard to migrate to the United States when they were young. They felt that they had spent their whole life to reach the United States and raised the next generation in the United States. They didn't expect that their next generation would give up the American environment that they had worked hard for and choose to return to the place where they first came from. However, when they learned about the situation of Makino Technology and your talent return plan, they were very supportive of me returning to China to develop my career."

Li Mu said with relief, "This is the result that I hope to see the most. Thank you for your trust. I believe that the future of Makino Technology will not let you down."

At this time, Fang Xudong introduced another slightly chubby engineer and said, "Li Zong, this is Hu Bo, a senior communication expert from Ningbo Bird. He once refused a high salary from Nokia and always hoped to make a world-class Hua Xia product."

Hearing this, Li Mu raised his eyebrows and took the initiative to extend his hand to Hu Bo. He said happily, "What I want to do most today is to ask for a new request from a communication expert. I didn't expect that there would be such a talent!"

Hearing that Li Mu wanted to ask for a new request, Fang Xudong and the other two hurriedly got into the mood. One by one, they took out pens and small notebooks, waiting for Li Mu to speak.

Li Mu invited everyone to the small meeting room next to the office. After everyone sat down, Li Mu said, "I want to further improve the functionality of our logistics management system. These new ideas will not only adjust our system, but also involve some hardware problems."

Fang Xudong said, "Li Zong, tell us in detail so that we can make a judgment and estimate first."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and said, "First of all, I hope to be able to develop a set of hardware that integrates GPS, GPRS, and radio frequency technology into one. This equipment will be matched with all of our large packages and even containers in the future. We need to give these equipment numbers and then record their information on the server. The equipment will transmit its GPS location information to the server through GPRS data in real time. Our server needs to track and update this information in a timely manner. This way, we can monitor the real-time location of each large package and container. At the same time, we will update the logistics progress information of all the small packages in the package. In other words, we need to let the users see in real time where their packages are."