Chapter 1336

Xie Yun's sudden decision to go to Beijing to accompany Zhao Ziqiu caught Zhao Xianliang off guard.

Ignoring the fact that Li Mu was still listening on the other end of the phone, Zhao Xianliang blurted out, "Aren't you messing around?

Our daughter hasn't come home yet, and you're going there again? "

Xie Yun nodded and said, "Our daughter definitely won't agree to come back. Instead of that, why don't I go and take care of her? I'll be more at ease then."

"Then I'll be worried about you and your daughter!" Zhao Xianliang was a little annoyed.

However, Xie Yun advised him in a friendly voice, "Don't get angry yet. Didn't Li Mu's parents do the same?

I think his parents' idea is pretty good. If the child doesn't want to go back, then go and accompany him. Not only will they feel at ease, but they can also take care of the child and provide more security. You know the environment of Ziyun Villa. It's a good environment, good greenery, and low population density. The entire Ziyun Villa covers such a large area, but there are only a few hundred people, right?

Every house is a standalone villa, and the car can be driven directly into the garage. Basically, they won't have any contact with the outside world. Naturally, the infection rate is so low that it can be ignored. "

As she spoke, Xie Yun changed the topic and said, "Moreover, you think Hangzhou is safer than Beijing now, but Hangzhou is also a city with a lot of people moving around. What if SARS breaks out in Hangzhou in a few days?"

Zhao Xianliang looked at Xie Yun and asked with a gloomy expression, "What you said makes sense, but if you and your daughter leave and leave me at home alone, Xie Yun, do you really think it's appropriate?"

Xie Yun smiled and said, "I think it's quite appropriate. You're always busy, and you won't have any negative emotions if you stay in Hangzhou alone. However, Ziqiu is different. She's still young, and she's a girl. How can I be at ease if she stays in Beijing alone?"

Zhao Xianliang felt a little neglected in his heart. He couldn't help but mutter, "You only care about your daughter and not me at all!"

Xie Yun patiently coaxed, "You can't be jealous of your daughter. Ziqiu doesn't want to come back because you forced her to come back. She has conflicting feelings in her heart. I'll go over to accompany her and let her calm down. Who knows, she might agree to come back with me in a few days. If she's willing to come back, you don't have to control her. If she wants to go back to Beijing after she's had enough of staying at home, I'll go with her. Give her some freedom and space, and naturally, she won't go against you."

As she spoke, Xie Yun persuaded him again, "What's more, Li Mu's parents are also going there. They also live in Ziyun Villa, and they can be neighbors."

At the mention of Li Mu, Xie Yun realized that the phone hadn't been hung up yet, and Li Mu must be listening on the other end of the phone. So she hurriedly swallowed her words, picked up the phone, and said, "Li Mu, I'll discuss it with your Uncle Zhao. You can help me call Ziqiu and tell her that her father won't force her to come back for the time being. Tell her not to worry and pay more attention to the epidemic prevention at school."

Li Mu hurriedly said, "Okay, auntie. I'll call her. You can discuss it with Uncle Zhao."

After Li Mu hung up the phone, Xie Yun said to Zhao Xianliang, "Old Zhao, are you stupid?

Li Mu's parents are going to Yan Jing to accompany Li Mu for at least one or two months, and at most three to five months. After I arrive in Yan Jing, we will live near each other, so I can also visit his parents and bring Ziqiu to have more contact with Li Mu's parents. Although your daughter is still young, you have to think more about her. This is a good opportunity to get familiar with Li Mu's parents and establish a good relationship with them. If you can make Li Mu's parents like Ziqiu during this period, your daughter's future will be much more stable. "

Zhao Xianliang blurted out, "Look at what you're saying. It's as if I'm in a hurry to marry my daughter to him. It's his fortune to find our Ziqiu!"

Xie Yun said with a serious expression, "Our Ziqiu is very good, and our family's conditions are not worse than those of ordinary people. But think about it objectively, what kind of person is Li Mu?

This young man is a dragon among men. I'm afraid that all the girls in the world are rushing to marry this overbearing president. Some time ago, he and the Hollywood actress named Anne Hathaway were hyped up everywhere. Do you know if there will be other Hollywood actresses, entrepreneurs' daughters, or royal princesses who will fall in love with him at first sight in the future? "

Zhao Xianliang was not convinced. He curled his lips and said, "A royal princess will fall in love with him?

I don't believe it! "

"You don't believe it?"

Xie Yun shook her head helplessly and said, "My brother told me that the valuation of Li Mu's Makino Technology in the American capital market has soared a lot. His game is now very popular all over the world. A conservative estimate of Makino Technology's valuation is more than 45 billion US dollars. Taobao played such a big role in SARS this time, its influence has long spread in the Internet industry and the capital circle. What's more frightening is that Li Mu's Taobao has not received any financing yet. The American investment banks want to invest in its Series A, but it's said that Taobao's deposited funds are more than 10 billion RMB. When this SARS is over, maybe Taobao's valuation will jump up to 10 billion US dollars. By next year, how much do you think Li Mu's net worth will be?

More than 50 billion US dollars is possible. With a net worth of 50 billion US dollars, if Li Mu is willing, which country's royal princess will not look down on him? "

Zhao Xianliang waved his hand and said, "What you said is only the estimated valuation at this stage. As long as the company is not listed, the valuation given by this kind of investment bank based on the market is not reliable. Even the Forbes Rich List does not recognize the value of this kind of valuation. Otherwise, the bubble may burst at any time. No capital will be willing to take over even with a 10% discount, unless Li Mu lists both companies."

Xie Yun asked him in return, "Do you think this bubble of Li Mu will burst?"

Zhao Xianliang did not know how to answer for a moment.

Will it?

Every time he was compared to Li Mu to the point of doubting his life, Zhao Xianliang also asked himself this.

Is it possible?

A young man in his early twenties is worth tens of billions of USD. His net worth is higher than Li Jia Cheng. But Li Jia Cheng's net worth is not supported by facts. Li Jia Cheng is an industrialist, and he owns various businesses and listed companies. His building is worth a few billion HKD, and that is the market price. The value of the businesses under his name is also real assets. The listed companies' market value in the stock market is the most direct price tag given to them by the market. With all these assets, Li Jia Cheng is the richest man in China.

What about Li Mu?

Zhao Xianliang did not know how many buildings he owns, and he did not know how many real assets he owns. Everything is illusory on the internet. Zhao Xianliang does not understand why Li Mu spent 20 billion RMB to build a data processing center. Also, his software, websites, games, and users are all illusory. If his company really collapses one day, he will not be able to get any real assets back.

From Feng Yu's point of view, if a factory goes bankrupt, it will be able to get back some of its real assets. If an internet company goes bankrupt, it will only be left with a pile of second-hand computers.

In the early and middle stages of the Internet's development, physical entrepreneurs were indeed full of insecurity about the Internet industry. This was also why physical entrepreneurs rarely invested in Internet companies. These entrepreneurs were used to the model of the real economy. They needed to see where every penny was actually spent and what they got in return. Even if they invested 10,000 yuan to open a small shop, 1,000 yuan for rent, 1,000 yuan for shelves, and 8,000 yuan for goods from cigarettes and beer to melon seeds, these were all things that they could actually see. This could give them enough security. Even if the business fell through, these things could be sold to a large extent to recover their losses.

However, the model of an internet company is completely different from the real economy. For example, an internet entrepreneur's business plan states that he needs 10 million RMB to develop his project. As for how the 10 million RMB will be used, 1 million RMB will be used to develop a software, 5 million RMB will be used for promotion, 1 million RMB will be used to rent a computer room and bandwidth, and the rest will be used to expand the team and for daily expenses. Physical entrepreneurs who do not understand the internet will be scared away when they see this. They will not bother to study the development prospects of this project. If you chase them and tell them that the project's valuation may double in the second stage, and they can cash out the 10 million RMB investment and withdraw with 200% profit, they will not believe you.

However, although Zhao Xianliang has such worries, Li Mu's actual development trajectory does not show any signs of a bubble bursting. His company has been developing at an extremely fast speed, and its valuation has risen again and again. The market's recognition is also getting higher and higher, so much so that Zhao Xianliang sometimes thinks that one day Li Mu will accidentally get these two companies listed. At that time, his net worth will really be the real market value, not the valuation.

Xie Yun has never doubted Li Mu's ability. The more outstanding Li Mu is, the more worried she is for her daughter. Especially when she knows that her daughter is a third party and is willing to be an unnamed lover by Li Mu's side, she is even more worried that all her daughter's efforts will not be rewarded in the future.

For the sake of her daughter, she went through a lot of trouble to "send" Su Yingxue to the United States. But now it seems that sending Su Yingxue to the United States did not increase her daughter's chances of winning too much. Because Li Mu is busy running around the world all day long, her daughter can only stay on campus in Yanjing. In addition, this silly daughter is an idiot who does not know how to fight for herself at all. If she continues like this, she is afraid that in the future, she will be willing to stay by Li Mu's side without a title. As a mother, how can she allow such a thing to happen?