Chapter 497

When Li Mu finished his meeting with Liu Xiaodong and Fang Xudong, it was 4: 30 in the afternoon. After driving away from Taobao, Li Mu called Wang Shaohua and asked if he was at home. He told him that he would pick him up right away.

Wang Shaohua wanted to ask Li Mu to give him the address so that he could drive there himself, but Li Mu had no intention of doing so. He had to promise Li Mu that he would wait for him at home and contact him when he arrived.

When Su Yingxue arrived at her aunt's house, she heard that Li Mu had taken the initiative to contact her uncle, and it seemed that he really had something to talk to him about. She couldn't help but be curious, so she quietly called Li Mu and asked him why he was looking for her uncle.

Li Mu kept her in suspense and said, "I can't tell you now. It's a secret for now. I'll ask uncle to tell you later."

Su Yingxue was helpless and couldn't help but mutter, "So secretive. Can't you even tell me?"

Li Mu hurriedly said, "No, it's just that this matter is a little special. Are you at Xinran's house now?"

Su Yingxue said, "Yes, but I'm on the balcony."

Li Mu said, "Last time at Fayue, Chen Guanghua came to apologize several times, but Auntie didn't seem to want him to make up for it. So I made the decision on my own and asked Chen Guanghua to buy a house near the Film Academy. It's a little compensation for Xinran, Uncle, and Auntie."

Su Yingxue asked in surprise, "Compensation for a house??"

"That's right."

"Why would they give such a big compensation?"

Su Yingxue felt that her worldview had been overturned. Although the Chen Family had gone too far, they and the two directors of the Film Academy who had helped them had paid the price. Her sister-in-law was still angry, but if she was given more time, this matter would definitely be over. If Chen Guanghua really compensated her with a house, it would be too much.

Li Mu said, "The one surnamed Chen has probably already deeply realized their family's mistake."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask, "Who told you that?

Did that Chen Guanghua tell you that himself? "

Li Mu said, "I've already bought the house, and it's under my name for the time being. But I'm afraid that Auntie will be angry and not accept it, so I wanted to meet with Uncle first and persuade him to buy the house."

"But the amount of money involved in a house is too high. It seems like the cheapest second-hand house near the Film Academy costs seven to eight thousand per square meter. I heard my aunt and uncle talk about it when they were chatting. They wanted to buy a house near the Film Academy, but the price was too high, so they were hesitating."

Li Mu smiled and said, "That's great, then there's no need to hesitate anymore. A ready-made house is right in front of us, a 170 square meter duplex, the market price is about two million."

"Two million?!"

Su Yingxue felt that her brain couldn't even keep up with the speed of Li Mu's words. Chen Guanghua compensated his sister's family with a two million yuan house?

Was he crazy?

Li Mu said, "Don't tell them about this first. I'll talk to Uncle first. If he's willing to accept it, then I'll let him talk to Auntie and Xinran."

Su Yingxue couldn't help but ask him, "What if my aunt doesn't accept it?"

Li Mu said, "If they really don't accept it, then you can talk to them. If they still don't accept it in the end, then donate it to 3321. We can't give it back to Chen."

Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment and asked again, "If they accept it, will there be any hidden dangers?"

Li Mu said, "No, the house was given to me first, and I'll directly give it to Xinran. There will be no hidden dangers."

Su Yingxue said, "Okay, I got it. You talk to Uncle first."

Li Mu said, "Okay, I'm on the way to pick him up. I'll hang up first. I'll talk to you later."

"Well …" Su Yingxue responded. She hesitated for about two or three seconds and said, "Dear, thank you for always being so concerned about this matter."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Isn't this what I should do?"

The G55 drove to the entrance of Wang Shaohua's residential area. Wang Shaohua received a call from Li Mu, so he went out of his house alone. He walked to the entrance of the residential area and saw Li Mu's G55 parked on the side of the road. He went directly to the front, opened the door of the passenger seat, and sat down.

"Uncle Wang."

Li Mu greeted Wang Shaohua and then started the car and drove out of the residential area. Wang Shaohua sat in the passenger seat and asked Li Mu curiously, "Where are we going?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "There is something I want to tell you in person, but I don't know where to start. Why don't you go to a place with me first? When we get there, it will be much more convenient to tell you."

Wang Shaohua was puzzled, but he couldn't help shaking his head with a smile and said, "You young people like to be mysterious, but I'm not as anxious as your Aunt Su. Since you don't want to say it now, then I won't ask. I'll listen to you when we get there."

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "This is also the reason why I asked you out to talk about this matter. With your character and the way you think about problems, you should be able to make a more rational choice."

Wang Shaohua raised his eyebrows and said with a smile, "Young man, you talk so much, but you don't tell me where to go and what to do. You are constantly increasing my curiosity!"

Li Mu said, "Just think that I want to keep a little suspense. Let's talk about it when we get there."

Li Mu drove on the Third Ring Road and drove all the way north. Wang Shaohua saw that they were going in the direction of Zhongguancun, and he was even more puzzled. Originally, he thought that Li Mu was going to invite him to dinner and then talk about something, but now it seemed that it was not what he thought. If he wanted to invite him to dinner and talk about something, Li Mu would not even hide where they were going. Was this guy going to take him to some mysterious place?

Or, were they going to some shady places?

Thinking of this, Wang Shaohua was a little nervous. Was Li Mu really going to take him to some place like heaven or hell to be corrupt?

If he really parked the car in front of a club, should he follow him or turn around and go home?

With a curious heart, Wang Shaohua was driven off the Third Ring Road by Li Mu. He recognized this exit at a glance. Wasn't it going to the Film Academy?

This time, Wang Shaohua was even more puzzled.

She wanted to ask Li Mu about it, but then she thought that Li Mu had a lot on his mind. She guessed that it would be useless for her to ask. Li Mu definitely wouldn't tell her in advance, and she would be asking for a snub. So she could only suppress her curiosity and pretend to be calm. "Hey, we're at the Film Academy."

Li Mu said yes and said, "We are almost there, but we are not going to the Film Academy."

Wang Shaohua asked subconsciously, "Then where are we going?"

Li Mu said with a smile, "Uncle Wang, calm down. We are almost there."

The car drove past the west gate of the Film Academy. Four hundred meters ahead, Li Mu turned around at the intersection on the left, and then drove the car directly to a high-end community called Huafu Mansion on the side of the road.

Wang Shaohua was completely confused. He had no idea why Li Mu was looking for him today. He simply gritted his teeth and didn't even bother to guess. He would wait for Li Mu to solve the mystery.

Li Mu parked the car in a 22-story high-rise building in the center of Huafu Mansion, and then said to Wang Shaohua, "Uncle Wang, we are here. Let's get out of the car."

Wang Shaohua unfastened his seat belt and got out of the car with a puzzled look. At this time, although the sky was getting dark, it was still very bright. After getting out of the car, Wang Shaohua roughly looked at the surrounding environment. In the center of the community was a large park with very good greenery, and there were pavilions, rockery, fountains, and artificial lakes. Most of the buildings in the whole community were less than 18 stories, but the one in front of him was as high as 22 stories.

He had heard of Huafu Mansion before. When he and his wife came to the neighborhood to learn about the housing market, he directly avoided this community. The reason was very simple. This community was too expensive. It had a small floor area ratio, a large green area, and a good apartment. The smallest one was 100 square meters, and one square meter was about 11,000 yuan. He and his wife's previous idea was to find a compact two-bedroom apartment near the Film Academy. The area was controlled within 70 square meters, and the total price was not more than 600,000 yuan. In this way, the two of them would not have much pressure to pay the down payment and then get a loan. If the unit price was more than one million yuan, it would be a bit difficult for them to afford it, not to mention that the smallest apartment here was about 1.1 million yuan.

Li Mu took Wang Shaohua to one of the units in the 22-story residential building. Each unit had two elevators. While waiting for the elevator, Wang Shaohua looked around and said to Li Mu, "There are two floors and three units here?"

Li Mu nodded. "It just opened not long ago. Now 80% of it has been sold. Many owners have already started to renovate."

Wang Shaohua felt that he had probably guessed Li Mu's intention. Last time when they had dinner, Li Mu had already said that his monthly income was calculated in the millions. With his financial strength, it was actually very easy for him to buy a house here. This time, he brought him here, most likely he had already bought a house here and wanted to use him to lay his cards on the table with the Su family.

Li Mu and Su Yingxue had been together for a period of time. Although Su Yingxue already knew about it, she still reluctantly promised Su Yingxue not to tell her parents about it for the time being. However, Su Yuehua had always kept a close eye on Su Yingxue. It was not until a few days ago that she gave up calling every night to check on Su Yingxue's parents. He was not a member of the Su family, so his perspective was more objective. If he was Li Mu, he would definitely feel indignant in his heart. He must find an opportunity to show his strength to the Su family. Maybe Li Mu had bought a house here and was ready to show his strength to the Su family.