Chapter 1758

During the days when Li Mu returned to Yan Jing, he had not contacted Dai Wensen of the Goldberg family. Dai Wensen had been tirelessly calling Li Mu, but when he reached Li Ziwei, he was politely turned down.

Ever since Li Mu posted on Weibo, Google's stock price fell slightly the next day. Although it was only a little more than 1%, it stopped the crazy rising trend.

As for other internet stocks, because of Li Mu's words, there was not much change.

Although Google's listing was good news, this good news only made the internet stocks rise by three or four points, which was normal. The situation that Wall Street wanted did not happen in the end.

The Wall Street tycoons had prepared a full meal, but in the end, they had lost everything.

Not only did all their plans fail, but Wall Street's reputation also plummeted in America.

Before this, most people did not think about the good and evil of Wall Street. For Americans, Wall Street had even become their pride. In their eyes, Wall Street was like Hollywood, a symbol of America's prosperity and power.

However, until this incident was exposed, they realized that Wall Street was not the pride in their eyes, but the robbers around them.

Wall Street was a thorough businessman, and they were businessmen who only cared about profit. Their only purpose was to sell low-priced things at the highest price, or buy high-priced things at the lowest price.

In order to widen the price gap, they no longer followed the rules of the market, but secretly manipulated everything.

On Weibo and Twitter, a cartoon drawn by an American cartoonist attracted tens of thousands of people on the American Internet. In this cartoon, Wall Street gentlemen in suits and top hats worked together to lift a mountain, then excitedly said to the ordinary people outside, "Look, we found a treasure at the bottom of the mountain!"

Then, these ordinary people rushed over and stood under the mountain, but these Wall Street gentlemen gave them a look and let go, letting the mountain fall straight down, burying all the ordinary people below.

Then, a group of Wall Street gentlemen showed their ugly and greedy faces. They took the wallets, watches, jewelry, and even the cars that the ordinary people had left outside.

This cartoon resonated with countless people.

Americans were reminded of the dot-com bubble of 2000.

It was an unprecedented disaster for the US stock market in recent years. Countless funds disappeared along with the stock market bubble.

In that storm, countless ordinary investors suffered heavy losses.

Most people had always thought that it was a disaster that no one had ever encountered. It was a mistake caused by the wild growth of the Internet industry and the general optimism of the market.

But now, combined with this incident and this cartoon, people began to have a question: Wasn't the Internet bubble of 2000 touted by Wall Street big shots?

Yes!

Of course!

At that time, any random internet stock represented the future and the direction of human development in their eyes.

The stock prices of Cisco, Yahoo, Amazon, and other companies shot up like rockets. Internet companies with a market value of more than 100 billion US dollars were everywhere. People went crazy, thinking that investing in the Internet was the most effective way to manage money and the wisest asset allocation plan.

Then, a large number of people invested their savings in the Internet industry, hoping that the Internet industry could bring them a better future. But unexpectedly, the Internet bubble burst.

The Internet industry, which was as hard as a mountain in people's eyes, was like a bubble. Someone accidentally poked it, and it completely burst.

At that time, people realized that everything was an illusion.

But the money they invested was not an illusion!

On that hard, majestic mountain, there was a rock that he had contributed with US dollars.

Why did the rock that was exchanged with US dollars disappear like a bubble?

The more they thought about it, the more disappointed they became.

Now that they think about it, Wall Street did this.

Financial experts and various media outlets touted the Internet crazily, and they did everything they could. But who was behind all this?

People did not know in the past, but now they knew. It was all those greedy gentlemen on Wall Street.

They walked onto the stage, took off their hats, and bowed deeply. When they stood up, the money in your pocket was gone.

They told people that there was a Himalayas made of gold. If you paid now, you would have a large piece of gold in the future.

People believed it and came over with their money. But when they put their money in, the gold and money were gone in the blink of an eye.

To some extent, the Wall Street capitalists were worse than magicians.

The magician would at least tell you, "Now, it's time to witness a miracle."

But the Wall Street capitalists did not say anything. When the gold and money were gone, and people asked them where the gold went, they would say in disgust, "Who are you?

Do I know you?

Stay away from me, or I'll call the police! "

Once the tricks of the Wall Street gentlemen were seen through, people's respect and admiration for them instantly disappeared.

Instead, it was disgust and hatred.

When Wall Street was scolded, none of the authoritative American media outlets could escape.

The US media loved to induce people. For example, when they reported anything related to the Middle East, it would often be related to terrorist attacks or all kinds of content that made the US society feel horrified and barbaric.

Although it never used its own mouth to directly say bad things when it reported, it created an even stronger sense of worry and fear. This kind of obscure psychological hint, on the contrary, spoke louder than words.

Originally, the media cooperated with Wall Street and continuously magnified the skyrocketing of Google's stock price. This itself could be used to moisten things silently. They could say that they reported the skyrocketing of Google's stock price and reported the opinions of the experts without any editing. As for the experts' opinions, it was not the media's responsibility.

If everything went well, people would only complain that their investment vision was not good enough. They would not blame the capitalists on Wall Street, and they would not blame the US media that they controlled. However, if it did not go well, it would be equivalent to a landmine.

On Weibo and Twitter, the voices denouncing the US media became louder and louder. Modoc, who acted as both a Wall Street capitalist and a media tycoon, became the most despised person in the entire Wall Street.

According to rumors, Modoc did not go to the company these few days. Instead, his personal doctor frequently entered his mansion. People could not help but wonder if there was something wrong with this tycoon's body.

The entire Wall Street hated Li Mu. There were not many people who came to the US to make money and did not listen to Wall Street. It was even rarer to see someone who did not listen to Wall Street.

Li Mu might be the person who offended Wall Street the most in recent years.

However, Wall Street could not do anything about it.

A person was only important when he was needed by others.

Otherwise, what could he do no matter how powerful he was?

The Wall Street tycoons were the group that Li Mu did not need.

For Li Mu, it didn't matter if Muye Technology was listed in the United States or Hong Kong, or even if it didn't.

The purpose of listing was to quickly raise a large sum of money when it was listed. After listing, it would be more convenient to raise funds and cash in the secondary market at any time and anywhere by selling shares.

However, if Makino Technology did not raise funds, no one could affect the status of Makino Technology at this stage.

At the end of the day, it was better to be alone than to be alone. Financing meant that one person could run faster, but not financing meant that one person could run slower.

In this case, Wall Street was nothing.

Not to mention Wall Street, when you did not need to borrow from the bank, and your own money was more profitable than the bank's financial management, the bank was nothing.

Would you beg them for a loan?

No, they would just call you every day to beg you for a loan.

Think about the loan calls you receive every day: Mr. (Madam) X?

Hello, this is XX Bank. Because you are an excellent customer of our bank, we specially provide you with a low-interest loan. Do you need it?

At this time, Li Mu was like a person with countless cash in his hands, and at the same time, he had his own high-yield financial management methods. For him, banks were not attractive except for being a place to put money. He could put his money in whichever bank he wanted, whether it was Hua Xia's, the US's, or Switzerland's, he was the master of the bank. Even if he offended a few banks, it would not be a problem.

Also, these banks were not the banks where he saved his money.

If Yanjing Bank told Bill Gates that they would not provide any services for him in the future, it would be strange if Bill Gates would care about him.

After Li Mu finished discussing the placement of the three brands with the higher-ups in the automotive industry and returned to Makino Technology, Wendy Gao, the daughter of the Goldberg family, who was studying in Yanjing, called the phone that Li Mu left with Li Ziwei.

Wendy Gao was very smart, and she did not use her own phone to contact Li Mu. Instead, she used a number that Li Mu did not save in his phone. Li Ziwei did not know that it was her until she answered the phone.

After answering, Li Ziwei told Li Mu, "Li Zong, Wendy Gao wants to invite you to dinner."

"Wendy?"

Li Mu frowned. The woman from the Goldberg family who looked like Scarlett Johansson.

But to be honest, Li Mu did not want to be too close to Western women. Not to mention Wendy Gao, even when Anne Hathaway hinted at him, Li Mu pretended to be confused and did not go too far. Therefore, he was not interested in this Wendy Gao.

He thought that she was looking for him at this time because of his intention to list Makino Technology in Hong Kong, so he did not want to see her.

Li Mu said to Li Ziwei, "Tell her that I'm not free."

"Okay."

Li Ziwei nodded and was about to return the call, but the executive called her and said, "Ziwei, there is a British girl named Wendy Gao who wants to see Li Zong at the front desk. She claims to be Li Zong's friend."

Li Ziwei was surprised and said, "Okay, I got it. Tell her to wait."

Then, Li Ziwei covered the microphone and said to Li Mu, "Li Zong, she is here. She is at the front desk."

Li Mu asked in surprise, "Who?

Wendy Goldberg? "

"Yes."