Chapter 1516

The premiere officially began. As the director, Ning Hao stood nervously on the stage and told all the guests, audience, and media about the creation of "Crazy Stone." The script of this movie had been in Ning Hao's mind for several years. He said that he had never thought that this movie would become a cinema movie one day. Before this, he had thought that he would be satisfied if this movie could only be made into a movie channel.

However, meeting Li Mu had become the biggest turning point in his life.

With Li Mu's support, he had made this movie, and it was about to be released nationwide, fulfilling his dream of making a big movie in the cinema.

Talking about the process of meeting Li Mu, Ning Hao was filled with emotion on the stage.

Who would have thought that the college student who chatted with him online and asked him to help him make a micro movie would transform into the Li Mu of today in such a short period of time?

Who would have thought that it was that chat online that made Ning Hao a real director, an executive of Makino Image, and an assistant director of Spielberg's crew?

Ning Hao said, "Sometimes life is so wonderful. When I was holed up in the dormitory, asking around, hoping to find a crew to work for, I got a call. A young man who was still in college told me that he wanted to make a micro movie. So, everyone knows what happened next. Not long after, the phenomenal micro movie 'Old Boys' became popular all over the country."

Speaking up to this point, Ning Hao paused and said, "Before the shooting of 'Crazy Stone,' I hoped that the company could give me a budget of two to three million yuan to complete my first movie in the cinema. But my boss, Mr. Li Mu, told me that I can't just think about reducing the cost before doing something. I have to think about how to do it the best. So, he increased the budget by several times and got Mr. Liu Dehua to join us. Here, I would like to thank Mr. Liu Dehua for his hard work and contribution to this movie."

At this time, everyone present looked at Liu Dehua. The live cameras on both sides of the live screen were also aimed at Liu Dehua, giving him a close-up shot. Liu Dehua smiled and put his palms together to express his gratitude.

Ning Hao continued, "Actually, this movie has been ready to be shown to everyone for a long time, but the original screening date happened to be due to the SARS epidemic. At that time, Li Zong decided to delay the screening of this movie until after the SARS epidemic was over. The reason is very clear to everyone. When the epidemic is still spreading, we can't attract people to public places. This will bring unnecessary trouble and risks to the epidemic prevention. So, the movie has been delayed until today, when it will finally be officially shown to everyone."

There was a fierce applause under the stage. Ning Hao couldn't help but say excitedly, "Before the screening of the movie, I would like to invite the chairman of Makino Technology, Mr. Lee Li Mu, to come on stage and say a few words. I wonder if Li Zong is available?"

The live cameras were aimed at Li Mu, and the pictures of Li Mu appeared on both sides of the screen. Li Mu smiled, stood up, and stepped onto the stage.

On the stage, Li Mu and Ning Hao gave each other a manly hug. Then, he took the microphone from Ning Hao's hand and said with a smile, "To be honest, Ning Hao didn't tell me that he wanted me to speak on the stage before I went on the stage. He caught me off guard. I'll make things difficult for him later."

There was a burst of laughter under the stage.

Li Mu paused for a moment and said, "Recently, I have been speaking in public a lot. In fact, it is not a good thing to have too much exposure. But for Makino Image, today is a memorable day, and I believe that today will also be a memorable day for Hua Xia's film industry. So as a layman, I would like to talk to you on this special day."

"Personally, I like films very much. If there is any form of art that can convey our ideas and values in the fastest, largest, and most effective way, the answer must be films. This is also the reason why I started Makino Image. We hope to convey our ideas and attitudes to the world. At the same time, we also hope to make it into a profitable industrial chain. Therefore, we have started to invest in films, acquire cinemas, and set up our Shadow Mu Ticketing System all over the country. Now, the Shadow Mu Ticketing System has accounted for more than half of the domestic box office sales. I believe that this proportion will exceed 60%, 70%, or even 80% in a short time."

"At the same time, we are also committed to improving the overall level of the domestic film industry. This is not only to contribute more and better films to Hua Xia's film industry, but also to find ways to expand the audience in the film market and improve the efficiency of fighting piracy in the industry. In order to achieve this goal, Makino Image alone is far from enough. It needs the joint efforts of the whole industry to achieve it. Therefore, I have decided to implement an industry promotion plan."

When it came to the industry promotion plan, everyone became very alert. The good news that Li Mu had released to the Internet industry had a far-reaching impact, which also made the film and television industry look forward to Li Mu. If Li Mu could also release some strong industry promotion plans in the film and television industry, it would have a great impact on the industry.

At this time, Li Mu said, "I have a plan for Hua Xia's New Star Directors. The specific content of this plan is that I will personally invest 3 billion yuan in the next five years to support 300 directors to make the films they want to make. The average investment of each film is 10 million yuan. All the shooting costs will be borne by me, and the copyright will be operated exclusively by Makino Image. However, the director and his team can get 50% of the copyright income."

"That is to say, if the film makes money, then 50% of all the income will go to the director and his team. If the film and television industry loses money, the director and his team will not have to bear any losses."

The New Director Support Plan was something that Li Mu had always wanted to do. When the domestic film and television industry was cold, a large number of directors could not find the money to make the films they wanted to make. Only a few famous directors could get the investment they wanted and make the films they wanted to make. The number of new films in the whole industry was pitiful, so it was impossible to revitalize the film and television industry.

Therefore, Li Mu hoped to use this five-year plan to support a group of new directors with ideals, enthusiasm, and ambitions, so that they could have the opportunity to make the films they wanted to make. 300 films with an investment of more than 10 million yuan in five years, which was equivalent to 60 films a year. A film with an investment of 10 million yuan, as long as there was no problem with the theme, would definitely have the ability to make it to the cinema. At that time, it could increase the domestic film market by 60 films a year, which was equivalent to five films a month and at least one film a week.

Last year, the Hua Xia film market produced less than 200 films a year, among which less than 100 films could be made to the cinema. Adding 60 films at once would definitely be a huge help.

Many new directors in the audience were very excited about this plan, but many old people in the film and television industry looked a little worried.

The new directors were excited because they would have the opportunity to get enough money to make the big movies they wanted to make in the cinema. The old people were worried because they were afraid that these new directors and new films would hit the market in large numbers and take away their market share.

Everyone was well aware of the example of too many monks and not enough gruel. No one wanted a lot of competitors to appear every year and compete with them for food.

At this time, Li Mu continued to say, "At any time, if you want to revitalize any industry, you must improve two orders of magnitude simultaneously. One is to improve the volume of products, and the other is to improve the total number of consumers. Take the film and television industry as an example. If you want to revitalize the industry, the premise is to increase the number of films produced every year, and at the same time, the number of audiences who go to the cinema every year must increase. Otherwise, if any one of them is missing, it will not be possible."

"Only increasing the number of films will lead to a serious division of the total box office, which will lower the yield of a single film in the entire industry. At that time, more films may not be able to recover their costs. However, only increasing the number of users will not have a rich product line, which will lead to soil erosion. Therefore, I solemnly promise that every film made by the Hua Xia New Star Director will be unconditionally supported by Makino Technology before it is released, so as to expand as much potential audience for everyone as possible."

The new directors in the audience were even more excited. Li Mu was equivalent to a one-stop service of production and sales, which completely solved the new directors' worries.

However, the old director still felt a great threat. With so many new films, and only for these films to be promoted, the other films would still be greatly affected.

At this time, Li Mu said, "The film and television industry is different from other industries. In our industry, the terminal can't be solved by the users themselves. The audience must go to the cinema to see the cinema and contribute to the box office. Therefore, this requires the rapid development of the capacity of our cinema. Therefore, in addition to the Hua Xia New Star Director Plan, we will also launch another plan at the same time: the Screen Fission Plan."

"The Screen Fission Plan, as the name suggests, is to make our existing big screens undergo fission. One thousand screens become two thousand screens, two thousand screens become four thousand screens, one million seats become two million screens, and two million screens become four million screens. Only in this way can we improve the capacity of our users. In the next five years, Makino Image will invest no less than three billion yuan, and we will jointly establish cinema chains with enterprises and individuals from all over the country. The specific implementation plan of this plan is as follows:

As long as the cinema chains are located in all the prefecture-level cities in Hua Xia, they can apply to Makino Image for cooperation. The principle of cooperation is that Makino Image will actually bear 10-20% of the total investment, but it will give a 50% discount on the corresponding shareholding ratio. In other words, if the total investment of a cinema chain is 10 million yuan, Makino Technology can invest up to 2 million yuan, but only hold 10% of the shares. "

To put it bluntly, the Screen Fission Plan was a support plan for the construction of cinema chains. It was impossible for Li Mu to invest tens of billions in Makino Image and let it build its own cinema chains all over the country. Such a huge amount of funds would make the cinema chains of Makino Image a bloated heavy asset. Therefore, he took out a few billion yuan to attract the forces from all walks of life and induce them to cooperate with Makino Image to build cinema chains. In this way, the few billion yuan invested could form a leverage effect in the terminal market. Although it was only five billion yuan invested, it might be able to leverage the scale of the cinema chains of 50 billion yuan.

As for whether the 50% discount of the shares would bring about losses, Li Mu did not care at all. First of all, in the long run, it was a very cost-effective investment to invest twice the value of the net assets. In the future, the film and television industry would advance by leaps and bounds, and the cinema chains would make money unstoppably. A 50% discount would not bring about losses, but just a little less.

Although it would be a little less, Li Mu could still make up for it in other aspects. For example, the ticketing system of Mu Ying. Every time a cinema chain was added, it would increase the income of the ticketing system of Mu Ying. Although the percentage of the box office was not high, it still accounted for at least 5% of the total box office.

Moreover, with more cinema chains, the 60 movies that Makino Image invested in every year would have enough cinema resources, which would also help Makino Image to improve its box office and profits.

In this way, the six billion yuan of funds would form a perfect chain in the film and television industry.

300 movies in five years would increase the total amount of the movie market, and the promotion would increase the consumer group. The cinema chains would increase the consumption capacity of the industry. In the end, every aspect would benefit and achieve a win-win situation.