Chapter 1513

At this time, most of the students at the Music Academy were on vacation, but top students like Du Wei, as well as a small number of students who stayed in Beijing, had specially arranged extra classes. At the same time, there were many more important musicals that were about to be performed in various places, so there were quite a few people on campus.

Li Mu's commercial car drove all the way to the Music Academy's training building. A few minutes after the car stopped, a well-dressed Du Wei quickly walked out of the building, accompanied by a few stylists.

Du Wei's style today was indeed impeccable. Even someone like Li Mu, who had lived two lives and had seen many things, was shocked speechless at first sight of Du Wei.

In the future, when everyone had plastic surgery and beauty treatments, Li Mu had seen too many similar beauties, but none of them could be like Du Wei. She was so perfect that it seemed unrealistic.

The moment Du Wei got in the car, she saw that Li Mu's expression was a little startled. Her palm-sized cheeks instantly flushed red, and she called out crisply, "Brother Li Mu."

Only then did Li Mu really come back to his senses. He smiled slightly and said, "Xiaowei, your outfit today is really beautiful."

"Really?" Du Wei smiled sweetly and said, "Thank you, Brother Li Mu."

Li Mu smiled and said, "When we get to the scene later, the media reporters and guests will definitely be stunned by you. I'm afraid they'll even forget about the movie."

Du Wei said shyly, "If that's the case, if I knew earlier, I wouldn't have dressed so grandly …"

At this time, the driver had already left the Music Academy. Li Mu asked Du Wei, "How's the crew been recently?"

Du Wei said, "For the next two weeks, there are no scenes arranged for me. Everyone is focusing on the aerial battle scenes and the Flying Tigers base, so Leonardo, Uncle Tom, Sister Annie, and Brother Liu Ye are relatively busy. I'm much more relaxed. In a few days, the crew will start filming Leonardo and me, so Uncle Tom, Sister Annie, and Brother Liu Ye can have a break."

Du Wei played the role of a local farmer's daughter in the "Flying Tigers". In the script, her scenes were mainly focused on the scene where the pilot of the "Flying Tigers", who was played by Leonardo, was injured and jumped out of the plane. Therefore, their scenes were not related to the aviation school or the air battle, so they could be separated from other scenes.

When Li Mu heard this, he understood why she didn't have to film with the crew, and also understood why Anne Hathaway had time to attend the so-called Old-Money party in England next month.

At this time, Li Mu suddenly thought of something and asked Du Wei, "Have the soundtrack and theme song for Flying Tigers been decided?"

"Not yet."

Du Wei said, "The director mentioned it once before. It seems that the soundtrack has been entrusted to a master composer that he has worked with for many years, and the theme song is still being collected. Although Flying Tigers is a war movie, he wants to find a song with the core idea of anti-war as the theme song."

"Anti-war …" Li Mu nodded lightly.

Great directors generally liked to convey some values. Although it was a war movie about a bloody battle in the sky, deep down, they hoped that people could reflect on the war and hope for world peace. This was probably the director's humanistic sentiment.

Moreover, although this was a film co-produced by Hua Xia and the United States, and even completely funded by Hua Xia, the future goal of this film was to enter Hollywood and the global market. Therefore, Li Mu himself also knew a few key points:

First of all, although Flying Tigers took place in Hua Xia, between Hua Xia and the Americans, the narrative angle had to penetrate the American characters, so it could cater to the global market.

Secondly, the main language of the movie had to be English, followed by Chinese. Not only did all the American actors have to speak English, even the representative of the Chinese Air Force, who was played by Liu Ye, had to speak English in the scenes with the American actors in the Flying Tigers because he had received higher education.

Finally, the theme song of this film must be an English song.

If such a film, at the end of the touching film, there was Black Panther's "Don't Go Spoil," the audience of Hua Xia would definitely feel very OK, but the rest of the world's audience would be confused.

Thinking of this, Li Mu felt a little regretful. With his love for Du Wei, he really wanted to find an opportunity to let Du Wei also sing in this film, but now it seemed a little troublesome.

The most important thing was not that Du Wei was not suitable to sing, but that he really couldn't think of an English anti-war song at the moment. Otherwise, if he could make one and let Du Wei sing it, he would have the theme song of the film.

Li Mu asked Du Wei, "Did Spielberg say which singers or songwriters he would ask for a song?"

Du Wei nodded and said, "Spielberg really likes Enya and Pink Floyd. He really wants to ask them for a song."

Li Mu said, "Enya's song, it's fine to use it in Lord of the Rings, but isn't it a little inappropriate to use it in a war film?

As for Pink Floyd, that classic song, 'Wish-You-Were-Here', fits the theme pretty well. However, that song is especially suitable for the final scene, when the old Annie returns to China and stands in front of Liu Ye's character's tombstone. That would be the closing song for the entire movie. However, I feel that the theme song should be used at the climax of the movie, when Liu Ye's character fights in the sky and his blood splatters across the sky. "

Du Wei agreed and said, "I think so too. The song" Wish You Were Here "is indeed the most suitable to end the whole film, and it's best to rerecord it, shorten the prelude, and speed up the singing."

Li Mu said, "You can talk to Spielberg about this when the time comes. I believe in your talent in music."

Du Wei smiled gently and said, "Then I'll try to talk to the director."

Li Mu repeatedly thought about the appropriate song in his mind. At this time, Wang Yuanlang, who was driving, said, "Li Zong, it's 7: 21 now. We will arrive at the scene in five minutes. The bus will wait outside for a few minutes. Director Ning has arranged for us to drive in punctually at 7: 30. The bus will directly stop at the end of the red carpet. You can get off first, and then help Miss Du get off."

"Okay."

Li Mu nodded and took a look at his phone. The screen showed 19: 21.

Suddenly, there was a flash of inspiration in his mind, and a melody immediately appeared in his mind.

Immediately, he clapped his hands excitedly and said to Du Wei, "Xiaowei, tell Spielberg that I suggested him to use Pink Floyd's" Wish-You Were-Here "for the ending song. As for the theme song, I will solve it, and it will definitely be an English anti-war song, so he doesn't have to worry about it."

Du Wei asked in surprise, "Brother Li Mu, are you going to write it yourself?"

Li Mu nodded gently and said, "I'll write it myself."

Du Wei hurriedly asked, "You are so busy now. Do you still have time to write a song?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I still have time. Besides, there is still some time before the film is finished, and the post-production will also take some time. It's enough time to write a song."

Although he said so, Li Mu had already made a choice in his heart.

He wanted to take out Green-Day's "21 Guns" and let Du Wei sing this song.

For a punk band, "21 Guns" was indeed a rare song with depth. It was no longer just powerful chords and various complaints about society, but a heartfelt appeal to stop the war.

Li Mu liked the melody of the song "21 Guns" very much, and he also liked the second half of the lyrics. The only thing that made him feel that it was not quite appropriate to "Flying Tigers" was its lyrics:

Do-you-know-what's-worth-fighting-for

When-it's-not-worth-dying-for

Does-it-take-your-breath-away

And-you-feel-yourself-suffocating

The translation of these two lyrics roughly meant:

"Do you know what you're fighting for?

When it's not worth your life,

Does it take away your breath?

Do you feel like you're suffocating? "

The subsequent lyrics were translated:

"Is pain and glory equally important?

Are you looking for a place to hide?

Did someone stab you in the chest?

You're just a wreckage … "

The starting point of Green-Day was a comprehensive anti-war, which was to deny all wars.

Speaking of which, this approach was indeed a bit sloppy because many wars themselves were absolutely just wars. Such wars could never be denied.

Like Hua Xia who fought against the Japanese invasion in World War II;

Like the Soviet Union who fought against the enemy in World War II;

Like the United Kingdom who never surrendered, and the United States who finally landed in Normandy;

For these countries, the war itself could be denied, but the meaning of their participation in the war could not be denied.

And the reason why Green-Day wrote such a song, Li Mu analyzed that it might have something to do with the fact that Americans rarely fought wars of justice after World War II. After World War II, every war fought by the United States did not have enough legal support, and some of them were even obvious invasions. Especially the Vietnam War, the Americans themselves felt ashamed and reflected on the great harm that the Vietnam War brought to their country.

In this social context, it was indeed easy for the younger generation of the United States to hold a comprehensive negative attitude towards all wars.

But this was obviously inconsistent with the values that Li Mu wanted to convey to the world in "Flying Tigers".

Because whether it was the people of Hua Xia or the Flying Tigers of the United States, they fought an absolutely just war during World War II. For the righteous side, they deserved to be praised a thousand times!

Therefore, Li Mu conceived in his mind that he must roughly change the lyrics.

Change it to:

"You always knew what you were fighting for.

For the devastated motherland, and for the peace of the world.

Even if it took away your breath,

You have never regretted it.

In your eyes, the motherland was more important than your own life,

When the war came, you never thought of finding a place to hide,

You shed your blood for this inch of land,

Even if you're just a wreckage.

21 salutes,

Give you the highest respect;

21 salutes,

You exchanged your life for the peace of the world!

21 salutes,

The world will never forget you.

21 salutes,