Chapter 162

On Thursday afternoon, two vans drove into the National People's Congress campus and went straight to the dormitory area. Thousands of first-year students were excited to see the cardboard boxes of various sizes being unloaded from the vans.

The 200 computers ordered by the Student Aid Association for the National People's Congress students had finally arrived. These computers would benefit at least 100 dormitories, so it naturally attracted the attention of many students. In addition, the scene of 200 computers being unloaded made many students exclaim, "The Student Aid Association is really awesome. Only the Student Aid Association can make such a big deal."

At present, the Student Aid Association's reputation among the National People's Congress students had obviously surpassed Li Mu's 3321.

When Li Mu's 3321 first started to be promoted on campus, it was indeed very popular. However, 3321 was, after all, an O2O platform that integrated online resources and provided offline services. The most important data to prove the strength of an O2O platform was the number of orders. However, at this moment, 3321 had not officially started the auction, so its influence had begun to gradually decline.

On the contrary, the Student Aid Gang relied on such a huge and powerful force to suddenly increase its reputation by a lot.

Sun Tan naturally did not let go of this great opportunity to increase his reputation. He personally came to the scene and boarded one of the vans. He took the initiative to unload the boxes. Not only was he capable, but he also did everything himself. This made many girls admire him.

All the students who had ordered the computers were waiting there. Sun Tan called out the students' names one by one according to the names on the boxes. The students whose names were called could pay on the spot and take the machines away. Later, the person in charge of assembling the machines would go to their door to assemble the machines according to the list.

Every student who received the machines was very excited. All of them thanked Sun Tan gratefully. Wu Shuai stood on the balcony of the dormitory on the third floor, watching everything with a cold expression. He was furious.

Initially, Sun Tan was also worshipped by the crowd. However, even though Sun Tan had voluntarily withdrawn from the Student Council, Sun Tan still felt that it was not enough. He even wanted to post on One Scoop Pool that he had been expelled from the Student Council because he had violated the Student Council's rules. If he wasn't busy with the batch of computers, he would have posted it already.

Thinking of this, Wu Shuai's heart was filled with hatred. Needless to say, he hated Li Mu. Other than Li Mu, he also hated Sun Tan.

Li Mu went out of school in the afternoon and signed an equity transfer agreement with Song Liang at the office of Makino Technology. Song Liang bought five points of shares of Makino Technology with 2.5 million yuan, of which 500,000 yuan belonged to Li Mu and 2 million yuan was transferred to the company account of Makino Technology.

After signing the contract, Song Liang immediately asked his finance department in Haizhou to transfer the money. Coincidentally, Baidu also transferred the money today.

Four million yuan from Baidu and two million yuan from Song Liang. Li Mu's Series A financing added six million yuan to Makino Technology's account and 1.2 million yuan to his own account, including 800,000 yuan from Baidu and 400,000 yuan from Song Liang.

After signing the contract, Song Liang returned to the hotel. He and Ye Tianming's father would return to Jinling that night, so they did not have time to stay for too long. After Li Mu sent him back to the hotel by taxi, he called Kong Lingyu. It was time to bring the team back to Yanjing.

Kong Lingyu and the team had long been ready to come to Yanjing. They were only waiting for Li Mu's order.

In view of the need to start the online auction of 3321 on Friday, Kong Lingyu divided the team into two. He left a daily operation team in Jinling, and the rest would fly to Yanjing on Saturday. The office in Yanjing had been completed, and even the office furniture was ready. After they arrived, they could immediately take over the work of the members who stayed in Jinling after purchasing a batch of computers. Then, the members in Jinling would rush over as soon as possible.

After making a plan with Kong Lingyu, Li Mu returned to the National People's Congress. On the way, he received a call from Xue Jianfeng, saying that his classmates had gotten the new computer.

Li Mu asked for the dormitory building and the house number, and asked Xue Jianfeng to wait for him there. Then, he went directly to Xue Jianfeng's dormitory as soon as he arrived at school.

When Li Mu arrived, the six people in the dormitory, as well as Xue Jianfeng, were all looking at the brand new computer. The person who installed the computer had just left and installed a few popular standalone games on the computer. At this moment, everyone was looking at the owner of the computer.

When Li Mu came in, a few people in the dormitory recognized him. Xue Jianfeng hurriedly introduced himself and said to everyone, "I want to install a desktop myself, and I want Li Mu to come over and give me some suggestions."

Because Li Mu had made the 3321, he was quite famous among the freshmen, so everyone was very polite to him. After greeting everyone, Li Mu pretended to be curious and went to the back of the computer. He looked at the computer's monitor. It was a relatively small brand in the country, called Hao Fu. If he looked closely, he could see that the color of the monitor's back cover and the front frame were a little different. The back cover was very new, but the front cover was slightly yellowed. If he did not look closely, he would not be able to tell.

Then, he looked at the screws connecting the front and back covers of the monitor. One look and you could tell that they were not the ones used by the manufacturer when they left the factory. Li Mu was surprised that the refurbishment was so blatant. Maybe it was because most of the users did not understand hardware, so the profiteers were so brazen.

Then, he looked at the case. It was a very ordinary Century of Light. The case and the power supply came together, so there was no problem.

Li Mu opened the side panel of the case and looked carefully. Even with his half-baked skills, he could tell that the ASUS motherboard was very crude, and the capacitor parts were very simple. The overall quality did not seem to be the standard of a big manufacturer. He could conclude that this was not a refurbishment, but a standard imitation.

The RAM was 128MB, modern, so there was no problem. The graphics card looked passable, but the optical drive looked very fishy. From the front, the workmanship of the cover and the SONY logo was not bad, but the workmanship of the rear part was very rough. The plastic parts even had burrs and edges. It was so fake that it made people's hair stand on end.

Li Mu took the configuration list and looked at it. He made a comparison with the hardware price he knew before. From a rough look, the configuration and price of this computer matched the quoted price. However, the refurbished monitor, the fake ASUS motherboard, and the Sony optical drive alone were at least a thousand dollars worth of black profit margin. As for whether there were any problems with the other aspects, that was not something that he could tell himself. Only a professional could tell.

After a few simple glances, Li Mu already understood the situation of this batch of computers. The young man who bought this computer asked Li Mu, "Li Mu, you're a website yourself, so you must know more about computers than me. Do you think this computer was worth it?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't know much about hardware, but looking at the configuration list and price, it's really worth it."

The young man nodded and said, "Then I'm relieved."

Li Mu was not in a hurry to leave. He took out his mobile phone and quietly sent a text message to Zhao Kang. Then he called Xue Jianfeng and said, "Let's go and talk to President Sun. Let's ask him to order another computer for you."

Xue Jianfeng knew that Li Mu was talking nonsense, but he still nodded and said, "Okay, let's go and ask him."

At this moment, Sun Tan was still busy distributing the computers. He didn't notice Li Mu until he was in front of him, so he asked a member of the Student Union to get in the car and replace him. Then he came to Li Mu and said with a smile, "Li Mu, you're here. Our Student Union often has such activities. It's very helpful for the freshmen and sophomores. In the future, when you enter the Student Union, I will hand over all the matters of the Student Union to you."

Sun Tan felt that Li Mu must also be a person who fished for fame. Otherwise, he wouldn't have put in so much effort to do 3321, and he wouldn't have asked for the head of the Student Union when he was negotiating with Sun Tan. There were very few freshmen who could officially enter the Student Union, and it was even more impossible for them to become the head of the Student Union directly. If Li Mu really became the head of the Student Union in the first half of the semester, who knew how many girls would rush to throw themselves at him.

Li Mu smiled and said, "My buddy in the dormitory also wants to buy one. I don't know when the Student Union will organize such a thing?"

Sun Tan said, "Generally, it is organized once a semester. The next time will probably have to wait until next semester. But with our relationship, don't worry. I will talk to the boss alone and ask him to specially make one for your buddy. The price will be the same as everyone else, and it will definitely be cheaper than buying one in the shop!"

Xue Jianfeng quickly said, "Thank you, President Sun. Actually, I signed up for this batch, but that Wu Shuai insisted that because I lived in the same dormitory as Li Mu, he returned my deposit …"

Sun Tan immediately said, "That guy has a problem with his character. Now he has left the Student Union."

Then, Sun Tan glanced at Li Mu and said, "The Student Union found out that Wu Shuai has violated many rules and regulations, so they have decided to expel him from the Student Union. I will send an official notice after I am done with this."

Li Mu knew that Sun Tan was talking to him, so he immediately smiled and nodded. However, he was calculating the time in his heart. Zhao Kang's exposure of the Student Union would definitely be faster than him sending an official notice. When that time came, he would be faced with a huge credibility crisis. Would he still care about Wu Shuai?

A few minutes ago, someone posted a thread next to One Scoop Pond. The title of the thread was, "Thank you, Senior Sun Tan, thank you for the Student Union, for fulfilling my computer dream!"

The main body of the thread was the poster's flattery towards Sun Tan. The general meaning of the post was that Sun Tan was a Lei Feng who dedicated himself to his classmates, and his Student Union was also portrayed as a very noble and great student union.

Once the thread was posted, many people followed the thread. Some people followed the poster's flattery, saying that the scene of two cars driving into the school and hundreds of computers being unloaded was too spectacular, and that Sun Tan was too cool and awesome. Some people agreed with the poster's point of view and felt that Sun Tan and the Student Union were very worthy of recognition. Some people felt that the poster's flattery was too obvious. A computer was only about 200 yuan cheaper than the ones outside. Was there a need to flatter them so much?

Some people felt that the Student Union might not be so noble, and that they might have earned some money from the installation.