Chapter 573

Although these 80 people had high hopes for Makino Technology, they did not have much hope in their hearts. But for their current predicament, the best solution was to join Makino Technology. After all, it was much bigger than Sina, and it was also the leader in the instant messaging industry. If they joined Makino Technology, no other company could compete with Makino Technology in terms of stability.

Chen Hui shouldered the hopes of these 80 people and went to his superior, Sun Qian's office. He told Sun Qian everything in detail. Sun Qian was pleasantly surprised when he heard that Sina had axed UC. He immediately said, "Let's go. Follow me to Manager Kong's office."

Kong Lingyu was also very excited when he heard about this. He did not expect Sina to disband UC due to pressure. This was good news for Makino Technology. Not only did they get rid of a competitor that was still in its infancy, but it also showed the influence of Makino Technology in the industry. As for those 80 + former QQ employees, Kong Lingyu also wanted to recruit them. But he knew in his heart that it was still up to Li Mu. It seemed that Liu Xuebin had offended Li Mu previously. God knows what Li Mu was thinking now. Although Li Mu was usually easy to talk to, but Kong Lingyu knew that he had a bad temper. If not, he would not have caused so much trouble for Sina.

Li Mu was not at Makino Technology today. When Kong Lingyu called him, he was on Taobao. Makino Technology had been doing well recently, and most of his energy had been transferred to Taobao.

After receiving Kong Lingyu's call and knowing that Sina had axed the UC department to submit to Makino Technology, Li Mu was in a good mood. Before Kong Lingyu could talk about the 80 + former QQ employees, Li Mu asked him, "What's the situation with the UC team now?

Those who went through QQ should have been laid off, right? "

Kong Lingyu said: "I was just about to report this to you. Chen Hui told me that all 80 of them were fired. Liu Xuebin had left because he took Sina's 500,000 RMB signing fee. Now, the rest of them are hoping to join Makino Technology. That's why he asked Chen Hui to act as a middleman. That's why I called you."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Do you still need to ask?

Other than that Liu Xuebin, take down the rest immediately. "

Kong Lingyu didn't expect Li Mu to be so straightforward. He asked subconsciously, "Boss, you don't have a problem with them, do you?"

Li Mu said, "Of course I do. Between Makino Technology and Sina, they chose the latter, which proves that they have a serious lack of foresight. But since they are in the technical field, foresight doesn't matter. Being able to work is the most important thing."

Kong Lingyu was more impressed with Li Mu. No matter what, a boss worth billions would be a little angry after being rejected by a team. He was really worried that Li Mu wouldn't want these dozens of people and teach them a lesson. But he didn't expect that Li Mu would accept all of them without hesitation. It showed that although he was worth billions, he didn't really become inflated. He still looked at the problem objectively.

But at this time, Li Mu added, "There is one thing I have to make clear. If these people join us now, their treatment will not be the same as what we offered them before. Let's go. All of their salaries will be 20% of what they were when they were in Tencent Training. Also, all of them will be classified as basic R&D personnel. Don't let them come into contact with our core technology in the short term."

In fact, Li Mu had already considered this problem. He also knew that as long as he was here, no matter if UC went online or when it went online, the final outcome would be death. So this team would be released by Sina sooner or later. At that time, he would definitely give them a new offer, which would be 80% of their previous salary. Whether they want to come or not, after rejecting Makino Technology once, it would be a fool's dream if they still want to get the previous salary. Everyone was an adult, and they had to take responsibility for their own decisions and pay the price.

Kong Lingyu did not have any objections to Li Mu's decision. Even he himself felt that these people should pay the price for their carelessness and ignorance. So he immediately passed on the 80% of Li Mu's salary to Chen Hui and let him pass it on to his former colleagues. Also, Kong Lingyu said, "This is Li Zong's decision, so tell them that there is no room for negotiation. If they are not willing to accept it, then forget it. If they are willing to accept it, they can come back tomorrow to register."

Kong Lingyu did not reveal to Chen Hui how to use this group of people in the future. He was going to discuss this with Sun Qian in private.

Chen Hui nodded and said, "Then I will reply to them now. 80% of their salary is not bad. I believe they will not reject it."

It was just as Chen Hui expected. These former QQ employees who were kicked out by Sina would not reject it. They had no reason to reject it. Their salary might be lower, but it was much better than when they were laid off by Tengxun. Of course, it could not be compared to the salary Sina gave them. Sina was such a scam, and they could not compare it with Sina's salary.

They had just arrived in Beijing, and they lost their jobs again. Thinking back to how hard it was to find a job after they lost their jobs, they were terrified. So when Chen Hui told them about Makino Technology's decision, these people did not hesitate. Instead, they happily decided to join Makino Technology.

All 84 people accepted Makino Technology's conditions and were willing to join Makino Technology.

So Kong Lingyu immediately communicated with Lin Ching-ah and let her handle the recruitment of these 80 people.

Lin Ching-ah immediately arranged for the HR department to arrive early the next day to handle the recruitment of these 80 people. She let the HR person in charge of arranging work positions, purchasing office supplies, and other related support work.

Eighty-four people finally breathed a sigh of relief. Just a moment ago, they were still worried in their department offices, but now, they were already talking and laughing and preparing to go home with their things. For them, their mood at this moment was no different from getting off work. It was just that they were going to work in a different place tomorrow. Although the salary was a little low, it was still acceptable. More importantly, they were going to join one of the largest companies in the domestic Internet field. A large platform meant higher stability and broader development space. The current low salary was nothing.

The rest of Sina's employees looked at this team of people who were still angry and gloomy just a moment ago. When they walked out of the office, they looked relaxed and happy. No one knew what happened in this short period of time, but everyone could tell that they were in a good mood. When they left, they were still chatting and laughing. The contrast between before and after was too big.

Sina took the initiative to axe UC and compensate Makino Technology. UC was considered to be dead in its mother's womb. Sina wasted so much effort, but this product was aborted before it was even launched. This action of theirs also spread throughout the industry in the shortest time possible. This time, no one in the industry blamed Sina for being a coward. This was because from Sina's plummeting share prices, it could be seen that Sina was powerless. Other than compromising with Makino Technology, there was no other solution.

But to Sina, this was also a way for them to survive. Although they were heartbroken, Sina's higher-ups knew that as long as there's life, there's hope.

Seeing that Sina had taken the initiative to compromise, Li Mu, who was in a good mood, decided to express his gratitude appropriately.

Therefore, at 6 pm that day, he asked Kong Lingyu to remove the blocking status of Sina's keywords and links in YY products. The blocking logic, which was known as the most despicable and unsolvable in the industry, was finally removed. But no one knew what the next keyword that was lucky enough to enjoy this blocking treatment would be.

Although the blocking of keywords had been removed, Sina's navigation links in YY123 were still not restored. After all, YY123 was different from the blocking of Sina products in YY products. The latter was Li Mu's punishment to Sina. Since Sina had taken the initiative to be friendly, he naturally had to remove the punishment. However, YY123 was a resource of Makino Technology, and resources could not be given out easily. Li Mu wanted to send a signal to the industry, to let these people who looked down on navigation websites take a look. He wanted to see how big the influence of the traffic overlord was, so that they could correct their perception and attitude.

When Sina's higher-ups found out that Makino Technology had removed the blocking of Sina and its domain, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. Previously, the market was so unconfident. One reason was that Sina's traffic had plummeted, and the other was that they had angered a strong competitor like Makino Technology. Now that Makino Technology had removed the blocking, it could at least send a signal to the outside world: Makino Technology was no longer targeting Sina, and the problems between the two had been resolved.

Sure enough, Makino Technology's move was reflected in Sina's share price when Nasdaq opened at 9: 30 am. Sina's share price opened at 1.28 USD, and then slowly rose. By the end of the day, it had reached 1.38 USD, almost reaching the 1.40 USD threshold. Even so, for Sina, it was like the rope that had been strangling its neck had finally loosened. Although they could not breathe and move as freely as before, at least they could take a breather.

After heaving a sigh of relief, the next step was to solve the problem of YY123. YY123's role was now very obvious, and people in the industry had a new understanding of it. YY123 also occupied more than 95% of the market share in the navigation website industry, so Sina had to find a way to get YY123's traffic back. If Li Mu was not willing to give it to them, then they could only buy it with money …