Chapter 298

Seeing that the item reward mission had greatly stimulated the enthusiasm of the users to participate, Li Mu instructed Kong Lingyu to start thinking about the incentives for continuous check-ins. From tomorrow onwards, the users would start to continuously check-in, and from the second day of continuous check-ins, they would start to receive items. As long as it was guaranteed to be uninterrupted, they could receive items every day.

Kong Lingyu said, "We've developed so many items, but we've only used two of them so far. If we receive items for check-ins, which items do you want to use as rewards?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Ordinary fertilizers, ordinary synthetic fertilizers, high-quality fertilizers, and golden fingers can all be taken out."

High-quality fertilizers could reduce the growth time of crops by an hour. Golden fingers could be used to collect and steal vegetables with one click. There were three of them in a set. Users could use it to collect all of their land with one click, or to steal all of their friends' land with one click. It was an excellent choice to use it to prevent or steal vegetables, especially when it was used to steal vegetables. Players who collected vegetables manually would basically be unable to guard against it.

Li Mu and everyone wanted to come up with a more complete check-in accumulation rule. For example, starting from the second day of continuous check-in, within ten days, one could receive ordinary fertilizers from check-ins. One pack on the first day, two packs on the second day, and so on until it reached a maximum of five packs. In other words, from the fifth day to the tenth day, during this period, one could receive five packs of ordinary fertilizers every day.

From the eleventh day onwards, the check-in reward would change from five packs of ordinary fertilizers to three packs of ordinary synthetic fertilizers. From the fifteenth day onwards, it would be increased to five packs of ordinary synthetic fertilizers. In addition, there would also be a set of golden fingers.

From the twenty-first day onwards, the check-in reward would become five packs of high-quality fertilizers and an additional set of golden fingers.

After the thirty-first day, the user's level would generally be raised to a relatively high level. Then, he would come up with some higher-level items as rewards.

The principle of the check-in reward system was that users must log in every day and click on check-in. Otherwise, if there was a break in the middle, the system would have to start from the beginning again. This was to subconsciously force users to develop a stickiness. The longer they check-in, the higher the cost of giving up.

After deciding on the check-in strategy, Kong Lingyu said, "Boss, I think we can launch an item shop after a while."

Li Mu smiled and asked, "Tell me what you think first."

Kong Lingyu said, "It's very simple. It's just selling items. Everyone is thinking of ways to add value to their services, right? There's no need to talk about online games. Even QQ has a membership service. Our game is so popular, and the game's structure is so detailed. In the future, we'll have to connect with Happy Ranch, and we'll have to add a lot of processing workshops and other designs. The user base will get higher and higher. If we introduce an item mall, I believe there will be a lot of profit.

“

Lin Ching-ah smiled and said, "When I was playing Happy Farm, I was thinking that it would be great if we could use money to buy fertilizer. After all, it's all virtual items, and there's no additional cost. If we go online and sell it in the Item Mall, we'll definitely be able to make a profit.

“

Li Mu nodded and said with a smile, "We will definitely go to the Item Mall, but profit is not the main goal."

Kong Lingyu and Lin Ching-ah looked at each other. On one side, he said he had to go to the Item Mall, but on the other hand, he said it wasn't for profit. What was it for?

Li Mu said, "After these two days, the technical department can start planning for the Item Mall. It'll be released in about half a month. As for the item pricing, you guys can discuss it in a meeting later and come up with a version for me to see. But when you develop it, make a special package that costs 10 cents. No matter how you set the price, there must be virtual items worth 10 yuan in it, and it must be popular items. Each account can only buy one, and promote it for 10 days."

Kong Lingyu looked at Li Mu in shock. "Boss, 10 cents for a 10 yuan item, even though it's a promotion price, isn't it too low?"

Li Mu laughed, stood up and said, "You can only enjoy the promotion price if you pay through Alipay."

After saying that, Li Mu looked at the time and said, "It's too late, I won't waste time with you guys. I still have things to do tomorrow, so I'll go back and rest first."

Kong Lingyu didn't quite understand what Li Mu meant when Lin Ching-ah hurriedly stood up and asked Li Mu, "Li Zong, did you drive?"

Li Mu nodded. "Yes, do you want to go home?"

Lin Ching-ah nodded, a little embarrassed. "I just moved to a new place, and it's not too far from the company. It's only four stops away, so it won't be too much trouble for you."

“

Li Mu smiled. "Don't mention four stops, even if it's 40 stops, I'll send you. I can't let you go back alone at this time, it's not safe."

“

Lin Ching-ah pursed her lips and smiled. "Then wait for me, I'll pack up my things. I'll be done soon."

After saying that, Lin Ching-ah left the technical department and went to her office. Li Mu was also about to go out when Kong Lingyu suddenly stood up and said with sudden realization, "Boss, are you going to use Happy Farm to support the users of Alipay?"

Li Mu nodded and said, "Now it seems that I can attract a large number of users for Alipay by using the preferential gift package promotion."

Kong Lingyu said with some excitement, "Alipay itself is a payment channel, and its users are all paying users. Boss, what are you going to do?

What other new projects are you working on?

Li Mu blinked and said with a smile, "It's not the time to talk about that. The key is to raise the users first."

In the future, a platform would be willing to pay 1 cent or even a few yuan to attract a user. The reason was that the value of paying users was too high, and there was a huge potential for development in the future. The biggest threshold for online payment was that as long as a user crossed this threshold, it was possible for 0.01 users to reach 100, 10000 or even more. Why did WeChat plan to grab red packets? The goal was to achieve a breakthrough from 0 to 0.01 users, and then why did they invest in Didi, Jingdong, Are you hungry, Meituan, and Dianping?

It was to grab the red packets and let the users achieve a breakthrough from 0.01 to 100 or even 10000.

Even though Li Mu had not become a big shot, he had already made preparations. At this time, he naturally had to seize all opportunities to make arrangements for the future. The peak lifespan of Happy's Farm was estimated to be less than half a year, but it could produce a YY communication software, and it could also produce millions of Alipay users. With tens of millions of Alipay users, wouldn't Taobao be a piece of cake?

Also, it seemed that his senior, Liu Xiaodong, was still starting a business in Zhongguancun?

Now, his optical and magnetic products business should be booming, and he should not have the idea of doing B2C. But it was okay, when the time was right, he could look for him!

Doing B2C was troublesome and tiring. Not only did he have to deal with suppliers, but he also had to set up the warehouse system, logistics system, after-sales system, and so on. Just thinking about it made Li Mu's head hurt. He would never do it himself. In the future, he could do the C2C model of Taobao, and he could talk to "Liu Shixiong" about the B2C model of the mall. He would definitely be like a fish in water when it came to these things …

…

Li Mu did not say too much to Kong Lingyu. After Lin Ching-ah had packed her things, the two of them left the company together. On the way to the parking lot, Li Mu asked Lin Ching-ah tentatively, "Qingya, when you were in the National People's Congress, did you hear of a senior called Liu Xiaodong?"

Originally, Li Mu was only asking tentatively and did not have much hope. He did not expect that Lin Ching-ah would ask him with a face full of surprise, "How do you know Brother Dong?

He graduated in 1996, two years higher than me … "

Li Mu chuckled and said, "I heard about him from others. Isn't he also from our school? One of my friends was talking about this person and said that he is now starting a business in Zhongguancun."

Lin Ching-ah nodded repeatedly and said in amazement, "The world is so small. Brother Dong is indeed in Zhongguancun, but I don't think he is starting a business. He opened a company that specializes in selling optical magnets. Now he has opened several branches and is very profitable."

After Lin Ching-ah finished speaking, she could not help but look a little proud. However, when she suddenly looked at Li Mu, that pride instantly disappeared like a deflated balloon. She sighed and said, "Well, compared with you, Brother Dong is indeed just an entrepreneur …"

Li Mu said with a smile, "I am also an entrepreneur, and Makino Technology is also in the start-up stage. By the way, are you familiar with this Liu Shixiong?

“

Lin Ching-ah nodded and said, "He used to be very famous in our school. He was especially good at making trouble. I always heard that he made a lot of money by doing this and that. Later, when I was in the Student Union, sometimes I needed funds to organize activities, so I went to him for help. He was very easy to talk to and was very willing to help. He was very popular in the school. Later, after he graduated, he often invited us juniors to dinner. In the years after I graduated, he often organized gatherings of old classmates in Yan Jing."

Li Mu said with a smile, "That's great. If possible, find a chance to introduce me to this senior."

Lin Ching-ah pursed her lips and said with a smile, "What a coincidence. When we got together half a month ago, he asked about you. He said that he especially admired your work on 3321 and said that you will definitely have a bright future in the Internet field. At that time, I did not dare to tell him that you are the founder of Makino Technology …"

Li Mu was not surprised. Liu Xiaodong had originally graduated from the National People's Congress, so he must have paid more attention to the National People's Congress than the people in the society. Besides, he was obsessed with IT and the Internet when he was in school, so it was not surprising that he was interested in 3321. Although Li Mu did not know how strong this senior's Internet thinking was now, the future Jingdong had proved his vision and ability. Most importantly, he was able to manage a large plate of thirty to forty thousand people in Jingdong. His management ability was extraordinary.

If I dragged him to do B2C, what would he think now?

Or should I simply pull him to do C2C first, and when his potential was stimulated in advance, I would invest money to let him do B2C?

It was estimated that he was now worth millions, but he was still far from being able to do B2C by himself.