Chapter 1064

Mark Zuckerberg was shocked by Li Mu's words.

He did not even dare to dream of a project worth hundreds of billions of dollars. What he was thinking now was that it would be great if he could do a project worth a few million dollars before he graduated from Harvard.

Mark Zuckerberg said shyly, "Mr. Li, my biggest dream is to be able to do a project with a valuation of more than a million dollars before graduation. If I can raise 20% of this valuation, I will be very satisfied."

Li Mu stared dumbfoundedly at the thin-skinned and shy young man, and really wanted to throw a word in his face.

"You're f * cking useless!"

Yes, you're f * cking useless!

I'm a billionaire, and I'm ready to invest in you. In the end, you said that you would be satisfied with a project worth a million dollars. Are you kidding me?

"Do you think your Big Brother Li Mu flew thousands of kilometers from Silicon Valley to here to listen to your nonsense?"

Mark Zuckerberg saw Li Mu looking at him in shock and thought that he was too full of himself. He hurriedly changed his words and said, "Mr. Lee, actually, for a campus business, I'm very satisfied with a valuation of a few hundred thousand dollars."

"Tsk …" Li Mu came back to his senses and shook his head dejectedly. At the same time, he thought, "Oh no, oh no, will I spoil things through excessive enthusiasm?

If my appearance really made this guy into a small-scale campus player, then I would really be in trouble.

However, Li Mu quickly regained his confidence. When he thought about this problem from another perspective, he realized that Mark Zuckerberg's "failure" was not a problem at all.

At this time, Mark Zuckerberg was supposed to be "useless."

The dream of a project worth hundreds of thousands of dollars or even a million dollars was actually a great ambition for a university student at this stage. Moreover, Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook was small in itself. He built it up bit by bit.

In fact, looking at all the successful people in the world who started from scratch, almost all of them started little by little. In the beginning, they did not believe that they could do much.

Teng Xun's Boss Ma would never have imagined in 1999 that he could create a 200 billion USD empire.

In 2000, Boss Ma of Ali would never have imagined that he would be able to create another empire of 200 billion USD.

Mark Zuckerberg, who founded Facebook in 2003, would never have imagined that an idea he came up with would be worth $400 billion.

Not to mention them, even Li Mu himself did not expect that he could create the current Makino Technology.

Didn't he want to create a music website and sell it to Baidu to make some quick money?

This bro didn't have any big ambitions in the beginning.

Who would have thought that a music website would let him have some ideas? Then, with the mentality of trying it out, he used the music website to incubate Tieba. In the end, he did it without any difficulty. Then, there was Happy Farm, YY, the Makino Technology ecosystem, and then Taobao and Alipay.

Li Mu suddenly sighed with emotion. The life of ordinary people was like a low-quality firecracker with only one sound. Most of them could not make a sound. If they were lucky, they could make such a sound in their lifetime and reach the peak. Those double-sound firecrackers were already awesome among ordinary people, but the life of a real successful person was like a string of firecrackers without an end. Once he found a fire and lit one, he would definitely light a string of firecrackers.

However, there were also those who were not lucky enough. They were like a hundred small firecrackers. After two crackling sounds, they would be done in the time it took for them to fart.

However, there were also those who were ruthless. They were like a hundred small firecrackers. After a few crackling sounds, they would be finished.

Sometimes, the ruthless ones would be unlucky. They would meet a squib, and the fire would be stifled. No matter how long it lasted, it would be useless.

There were also times when the ruthless ones did not restrain themselves. The awesome ones would come over and take a piss to completely stop it. Then, they would be completely silent …

If that was the case, Mark Zuckerberg was the Earth Red that circled the earth several times. If he lit it when he was 20 years old, he might not be able to finish it even when he was 40 years old. It was just that he had not found the lighter that belonged to him yet …

Thinking of this, Li Mu looked at Mark Zuckerberg like a miser staring at a mountain of gold and silver. He reached into his pocket and played with his Dupont lighter. He wished he could take it out and light it up right now.

Mark Zuckerberg felt very guilty under Li Mu's gaze. He always felt that he would make a fool of himself in front of this big shot, this life idol. Therefore, he had always been a little cautious and often let his imagination run wild.

At this moment, Li Mu suddenly spoke. He looked at Mark Zuckerberg with interest and said, "Hey, Mark, don't you want to start a business?

Think about whether you have a good project plan. If it's good, I'll invest five million US dollars in you. I'll only take 49% of your shares. "

Mark Zuckerberg was so scared that he was about to cry.

He was just a Harvard loser. He had created a facemash, but he was forced to abort by his idol. How could he be worthy of a five million US dollars angel?

Li Mu said that he would give him five million US dollars, and he would only take 49% of the shares. This was equivalent to directly valuing the project at 10.2 million US dollars!

Mark Zuckerberg did not have to pay a single cent. He brought Idea to Li Mu, and it was worth 5.2 million US dollars!

This was something that he did not even dare to dream of!

Although Mark Zuckerberg did not really start a business, as an internet enthusiast, he was very familiar with the matters of the venture capital circle.

Angel investors sounded very selfless, but in fact, angels were more scammers than anyone else. This was because angel investors used very little money to obtain huge profits. Angel investors looked like they were lying. They took ten million US dollars and wanted to invest in a hundred people. However, they were even more ruthless. When they invested ten million US dollars in a hundred people, they were after one out of the hundred people. As long as one out of the hundred people succeeded, they would get back the ten million. As long as two out of the hundred people succeeded, they would be able to achieve 100% profits. If ten out of the hundred people succeeded, they would make a lot of money.

Therefore, angel investors were not angels at all. They were very strict. They would investigate every investor's background and then do a careful evaluation of the project. After studying the project, they would give a hundred thousand to two hundred thousand US dollars. They were a hundred times more cunning than the pawnshop owner.

In such an environment, Li Mu's promise to Mark Zuckerberg was really the grandfather of an angel.

Li Mu saw Mark Zuckerberg's dumbfounded expression and thought that he did not dare to believe it. Hence, he added solemnly, "Don't think that I'm joking with you. Think about your project plan and come to me with your BP.

Remember, I only want your BP. I don't need anything else.

As long as your BP is passable, I'll fulfill my promise. Also, I won't restrict you from spending money. As long as you spend it on the right place, you can spend as much as you want. The faster you spend it, the better. When the money is spent, I'll invest in your second round. Not only will I continue to invest in you in the second round, but I'll also give you an additional 5% premium!

There's nothing else, just money! "

BP was referring to the Business-Plan business plan. Li Mu's words could not be clearer. He only needed Mark Zuckerberg to think of an idea and write it in the plan for him to see. As long as the content of the plan was not bad, Li Mu would immediately give him five million US dollars.

Mark Zuckerberg was really stunned when he saw that Li Mu was not joking with him.

This feeling was like a kid in the 80s looking for his father with snot hanging from his nose. "Dad, give me twenty cents to buy firecrackers."

His father took out his wallet and took out two old men's heads. "Go, buy two hundred yuan. Come back when you're done."

"Dad, two hundred yuan won't be enough to finish the firecrackers in a day …"

"Put them in boxes by boxes!

If you can't do it, pick up some firewood to make a fire. Throw them all into the fire in one go!

Come and find me when you're done. I'll give you money to buy more and put them again! "

The conversation between Li Mu and Mark Zuckerberg was heard by Lawrence, who was sitting next to Li Mu, and Xie Huairu, who was sitting opposite Li Mu. They looked at each other and saw the shock in each other's eyes.

Li Mu was really not an ordinary person. He promised an eighteen-year-old kid five million US dollars in one go. Many PhD students from Harvard, MIT, and Stanford, with projects, products, and relatively mature business models, could not even raise a few hundred thousand US dollars. Li Mu promised Mark Zuckerberg five million US dollars. He was really rich!

Especially the last sentence, "there's nothing else, just money." Even though it was said in English, it was full of arrogance.

The veins on Xie Huairu's forehead bulged. My God, Li Mu's way of doing things was really not ordinary. Not to mention anything else, just the fact that he was able to scare me, who was in my forties, when he was twenty years old, showed that he was not an ordinary person!

If he didn't become my nephew's son-in-law, it would be a huge loss for the Xie family!

Li Mu didn't know who Xie Huairu was, nor did he know that Xie Huairu was Zhao Ziqiu's biological uncle. He didn't mind Xie Huairu's shocked expression as he exchanged a look with Lawrence.

Let him be shocked. Mark Zuckerberg was destined to be a dragon among men. The more he valued him in advance, the more reasonable his speculation would be when he succeeded in the future.

In this way, if Mark Zuckerberg succeeded in the future, as a master who earned hundreds of billions of US dollars, the world would think: there's nothing else, I just want this kid. If he wants money, he will give money, he will give resources, and if he wants experience, I will give him experience.

At that time, he would be able to benefit from Mark Zuckerberg's success. He would make it seem like he was Mark Zuckerberg's talent scout and the godfather who led him into the Dao.

No matter how shy Mark Zuckerberg was, he knew at this moment that he had seized a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. With Li Mu's words, it was entirely possible for him to achieve a career on the university campus!

Now, the world's best angel investor was in place. All he needed was a good project!

Mark Zuckerberg couldn't help but think of his aborted facemash. For a moment, he wanted to pick up the facemash again, but he quickly rejected this idea.