Chapter 1187

The press conference hall was packed to the brim with reporters from major media outlets.

There was no other way, there were too many people!

Nowadays, the topic related to "The Last Samurai" had become the hottest news in the world. At least hundreds of millions of people around the world were paying close attention to it through the Internet and other media channels. Every media outlet regarded it as the most important news.

When Tom Cruise arrived at the scene, the press conference was about to begin. However, to his surprise, Meyer arranged for a number of security guards to guard the entrance of the press conference. She deliberately told them not to let anyone enter the venue except for Warner's employees and media reporters. Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick were naturally among them.

Tom Cruise, who was blocked by the security guards at the entrance, almost went berserk. He protested to the security guards countless times, but it was useless. Nearly 20 security guards were guarding the entrance, and Tom Cruise couldn't get in at all.

Edward Zwick, who was slow to react, also hurried over. Seeing that Tom Cruise was blocked outside the door, he hurriedly asked him about the specific situation.

Tom Cruise said angrily, "These guys won't let me in. Now that bastard Meyer has decided to betray us!"

Although Edward Zwick had guessed that Warner must have wanted to get rid of him and Tom Cruise by holding the press conference without informing them, when this situation suddenly happened, he was also angry and anxious. He even wanted to get a gun to kill all the security guards at the door, and then rush in to clarify to all the media that he was the victim. Warner had simply taken the Japanese's money and was willing to work for them!

However, it was useless to be anxious and angry. They couldn't get in, and there was no time window to hold the press conference before Warner did. The only thing they could do was wait!

They waited to hear how Meyer would exonerate himself. If he really betrayed Tom Cruise and himself, they would wait here until the media reporters came out and immediately clarify the truth to them!

At this time, the press conference was about to begin.

The entire press conference hall was noisy, and no one could hear Tom Cruise's angry roar outside the door.

A few minutes later, Meyer and a group of senior executives of Warner came out of the lounge. Everyone walked very neatly to the stage. Before taking their seats, everyone stood side by side in a straight line and bowed to the reporters below the stage.

Everyone bowed at an angle of 90 degrees. Before they spoke, they had already expressed their attitude.

They came to apologize.

Sure enough, after everyone bowed for half a minute, everyone returned to their seats in silence. Meyer sat in the center, picked up the microphone, and said, "Thank you, friends from the media, for attending this press conference. I am the CEO of Warner Bros., Meyer..."

Mayer first introduced herself, then introduced the other executives of Warner Cable.

After the introductions, Meyer went straight to the point and said with a guilty look, "Because Warner Brothers made a very inappropriate movie, it caused a lot of netizens to protest. I hope that through the media here, I would like to apologize to the people all over the world. It's our negligence that caused you to suffer psychological damage that you shouldn't have."

At this point, Meyer immediately stood up, and the other executives also stood up. Everyone bowed deeply again.

After bowing, Meyer sat down and continued, "As for the movie" The Last Samurai, "Warner Brothers is indeed very responsible for the topic. It was our negligence that led us to be deceived by this carefully packaged script, and foolishly made this movie. At the beginning of the shooting, because of our negligence, we were so stupid that we didn't know that this movie had a hidden motive to exonerate the executioner. This responsibility should be borne by me personally. All of this negligence was caused by my poor management."

Although Meyer was reflecting on himself, in fact, he was wantonly shifting the blame to Warner Brothers. He only said that Warner Brothers was responsible for the topic of "The Last Samurai," which meant that although they chose the wrong topic, they didn't write the topic or the script. Someone else wrote it and used it to deceive us, and we took the blame because of our research and precautions.

As for who wrote the topic and the script, of course, it was the scriptwriter who took the blame.

However, the scriptwriter was actually very pitiful. As an investor, Horita had the idea of shooting such a story, but he didn't understand scriptwriters, camera language, or commercial packaging. Therefore, he could only tell the story he wanted and let a professional scriptwriter write it. To put it bluntly, the scriptwriter was probably just a ghostwriter.

Although Meyer also understood this, he didn't care about the life and death of the scriptwriter anymore. He only needed to care about himself.

Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick, who were outside the door, were furious when they heard Meyer's words!

They were well aware of Meyer's motives for doing this. Meyer had already left the biggest burden to the screenwriter of this movie. Whenever there was something evil, everyone had a spirit of tracing it back to its source. Everyone wanted to know where evil came from. The birthplace, or the creator, was usually the most despised by the people.

Take the Nazis for example. Although Hitler did not personally slaughter innocent Jews in the concentration camps, he was the one who started the genocide. Therefore, he was the most notorious person in the whole of Nazi Germany. He was also the person who was most responsible for all the blood debts.

Now, Meyer had tossed the blame of "The Source of Evil" to Warner Brothers. Warner Brothers had only accepted the project and had been deceived by it. The creator of the project was the screenwriter of the movie.

The scriptwriter was a good friend of Edward's, who was still in New Zealand. Edward knew very well that he was innocent. Although he had written the script, he didn't create the story. It was all proposed by Hiro Hiro. He had a professional planning team, who had been preparing for this movie for a long time. All the background, plot direction, and characters in the movie had been developed by Hiro Hiro's team based on Edward's ideas.

In the meeting room, Meyer didn't feel guilty after saying this. He continued, "The key personnel of Warner Bros., including me, lacked the necessary in-depth understanding of the truth of history, which led to this mistake. If I and my management had studied the history of World War II more thoroughly, I don't think we would have accepted such a movie that glorifies the spirit of the devil."

After a pause, Meyer said, "Because of our lack of understanding of history, we made such an unforgivable mistake. On behalf of all the employees of Warner Bros., I apologize to the audience all over the world again!

It's our fault!

It's our responsibility! "

Apart from CNN and a few major television stations that had the ability to broadcast live, the other media did not have such a fast information transmission channel. Therefore, many media reporters' laptops and cell phones were buzzing non-stop. They were using the fastest way to transmit Meyer's words back to their own companies and then to the rest of the world.

At this time, Meyer said, "Because of our mistake, which has caused so much trouble to people all over the world, Warner Bros., after careful discussion, has decided to permanently stop the shooting of 'The Last Samurai.' All the economic losses caused by this will be borne by Warner Bros., including but not limited to the salaries of the actors, directors, crew members, losses to partners, and compensation for breach of contract, etc.

We will spare no effort to correct our mistakes. This has always been our attitude! "

Meyer's words quickly won the favor of the reporters present. Everyone could feel the sincerity in Meyer's words. She admitted her mistakes without hesitation, without any hesitation, and without any ambiguity. This attitude was indeed commendable.

But Meyer's decision to take all the blame for Warner's losses was a sure win for Tom Cruise, Edward Zwick and the rest of the cast and crew.

Outside the hall, Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick were about to go crazy. What did it mean that Warner Bros. would bear all the losses, including but not limited to the salaries of the director, actors, and crew members?

This was simply harming others for their own benefit!

If Warner had held a press conference to apologize first, it would have made Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick seem a little stubborn. Now that Meyer had said something like this, he was trying to show that Warner didn't care about money and was willing to pay for his mistakes, while Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick, including the other actors, were still thinking about getting paid.

In one sentence, he had elevated Warner Bros. by several notches, and at the same time, trampled on Tom Cruise, Edward Zwick, and the other actors and actresses by several notches...

Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick wanted to fight Meyer to the death, but Meyer had no time to care about them.

Seeing that all the reporters were looking at him with approval, Meyer knew that he had achieved the effect he wanted. In order to consolidate the results, he continued to apologize.

Meyer said, "On behalf of all the employees of Warner Bros., I solemnly promise to the people of the world that from now on, we will carefully review every film we make and will never make the same mistake again. At the same time, I hope that our colleagues in the film and television industry will learn from this and not make the same mistake again."