Chapter 175

Li Mu had already guessed that Tan Yaocheng's call at this time must be about 3321. Hearing this, Li Mu smiled and said, "Sure, let's set a time another day."

Tan Yaocheng hurriedly said, "Aiya, don't change the day. If you change it, who knows when it will be changed. Maybe it will be 2002."

Saying this, Tan Yaocheng also added, "I reckon that in the future, your time will be less and less. Once the big project, 3321, is exposed, you won't be able to rest."

Li Mu sighed and said with a wry smile, "You really have a pair of sharp eyes. I also have this worry."

Tan Yaocheng hurriedly said, "That's why we need to have a good chat. If we have a good chat, I can relieve a lot of pressure on you. Do you have time tomorrow afternoon?

If you don't have time, I will go to your school to find you. We can just find a coffee shop nearby. "

Li Mu thought about it and said, "Alright, then come over tomorrow afternoon. I'll treat you to dinner."

Tan Yaocheng laughed. "It's still my treat. It's a deal."

Li Mu guessed that Tan Yaocheng had a request for 3321, but he was not ready to give up 3321 for now. However, there were many other things that could be shared, especially some intangible things. It was very necessary for a company like Baidu. As for the specifics, it would depend on how he would talk to him tomorrow.

Back at the dining table, Li Mu continued to chat with his roommates. He did not know that tonight, many people in the education system could not sleep because of him.

Among them, there were those who applauded the 3321 project, and there were also those who hated the 3321 model to the bone. Those who applauded the 3321 model were mostly employees of the university education system. They were happy to see the appearance of a new thing that had a great effect on student aid. Not only could it greatly relieve their own pressure, but it could also help the university students create more value.

However, those who hated it to the core were mostly from the high school education system. At this stage, it was very common for high school teachers to open cram schools, especially in the main subjects such as language, mathematics, and science. The monthly income of the cram school teachers was comparable to half a year's or even a year's salary. The appearance of 3321 would greatly reduce their income from cram school. It was simply destroying other people's rice bowls.

Li Mu didn't think too much about the negative effects of Project 3321. He was more concerned about the benefits of the university students. He didn't think about the fact that he wasn't taking the money out of the high school parents' pockets. Instead, he was taking the money that the parents had stuffed into the tuition teachers' pockets and giving it to the high school students.

That night, who knew how many Year Three teachers at home were furious about the incident with 3321.

…

The next day, the moment Li Mu stepped out of the dormitory door, he felt that the gazes around him were very different from before.

This feeling lasted from the dormitory to the cafeteria, and from the cafeteria to the academic building.

When the students in the class saw him enter the classroom, they all gave him a look of respect. Many of them even gave him an exaggerated thumbs-up.

The students who were slightly familiar with Li Mu would all come forward to greet him, and then say a few words like "You're too awesome" and so on. Li Mu knew that the incident with 3321 had already made a big impact, so he did not stand on ceremony and responded with a smile.

It was rare for the class supervisor to appear early in the class. When he saw Li Mu, he hurriedly walked up to him and said, "Dean Zhou and Vice Principal Sun want to see you. They're in the political education building."

Li Mu nodded. Alerting the school leaders was also a necessary step, but it didn't matter. Li Mu knew that the hot topic had a time limit. He might feel a little uncomfortable in the first few days, but once the hot topic passed, everyone would get used to it. At that time, his discomfort would also vanish.

No matter how great a person was, they would become indifferent after seeing too much of it, let alone himself.

Li Mu followed the class supervisor to the political education building. In the vice principal's office, he met the vice principal, Sun Yong, and the dean of the School of Finance, Zhou Xiaodi, for the first time.

Li Mu himself was a student of the School of Finance, so the first person to bear the brunt of his matter was Zhou Xiaodi. There was a student in the school who was featured in the news by the local TV station, and it was a completely positive event. This matter should be understood by him first and then reported to the school leaders.

However, Sun Yong couldn't wait. He called Zhou Xiaodi early in the morning and wanted to meet Li Mu together with him, who had set off a huge storm in the education system in one night.

In addition, there was a hidden story. His nephew, Sun Tan, was at the most critical moment of his life and needed the talisman, 3321, which had begun to shine, but Li Mu could even refuse five million in cash. He wanted to meet Li Mu to see what kind of freshman he was and see what breakthrough he had.

When Li Mu entered the office, his class supervisor hurriedly went out. There were two middle-aged men in the office who were about 50 years old. One of them, whose hair was a little messy, immediately stood up from the wooden sofa when he saw Li Mu come in. He walked to Li Mu and took the initiative to stretch out his hand and said, "Student Li Mu is here. Please take a seat."

Li Mu had seen the photo of the man in front of him and knew that he was the dean of his school. He politely shook hands with him and said, "Hello, Dean Zhou."

Zhou Xiaodi nodded, looked at Sun Yong, and said, "Originally, I wanted to find you first to understand the situation, but Principal Sun was very concerned about your situation. He told me early in the morning that he wanted to see you as soon as possible. Student Li Mu, even Principal Sun is so concerned about you. It's enough to see how successful your 3321 is."

Li Mu smiled slightly and said in a manner that was neither servile nor overbearing, "Dean Zhou, you're exaggerating. 3321 is just the beginning."

Zhou Xiaodi was slightly startled. What a good "just the beginning". This young man was very confident.

At this moment, the middle-aged man who had been sitting at the desk laughed. He stood up and walked toward Li Mu as he said, "Student Li Mu is right. 3321 is indeed just the beginning. To be able to create such a dazzling report card at the beginning, I think 3321's future potential must be immeasurable!"

Li Mu thanked Sun Tan politely.

At this moment, Zhou Xiaodi said with a smile, "Principal Sun and I are very optimistic about your 3321. Come, let's sit and talk."

Li Mu nodded and sat on the sofa in the office's reception area with Zhou Xiaodi and Sun Yong.

Zhou Xiaodi said, "Student Li Mu, you should have submitted an application to the school at the beginning for such a meaningful project like 3321. If the school had known about this project long ago, they would definitely have given you strong support in the early stages."

Li Mu said, "Thank you, Dean Zhou. The initial investment for this project wasn't big, and it was within my range. Plus, there were so many students who took the initiative to help, so I didn't bother the school leaders."

Zhou Xiaodi waved her hand. "That's not right. You're a student of our National People's Congress. If you have any difficulties, you should look for the school."

Li Mu thought to himself, I don't have any difficulties, so what's the point of looking for you?

However, he said sincerely, "Dean Zhou, you're right. If I have any difficulties in the future, I will definitely communicate with the school leaders in time."

Zhou Xiaodi nodded and exchanged a look with Sun Yong, then said, "I'm afraid there will be more and more things for Project 3321 in the future. You're only a freshman now, and your academic tasks will be very heavy in the future. Do you have the energy to manage such a big project?"

Li Mu sighed slightly and said, "To tell you the truth, Dean Zhou, I'm actually very worried about this. After all, I still have to go to school, and my energy is limited. If 3321 continues to develop like this, I'm afraid it will be even more difficult to handle in the future."

Zhou Xiaodi's eyes lit up, and she immediately said with a smile, "You can recognize this point, which proves that you have a very long-term vision when doing things!"

Seeing Zhou Xiaodi say this, Li Mu hurriedly added, "Dean Zhou, you flatter me. It doesn't matter whether I have a long-term vision or not. What's important is that 3321 has a smooth development direction."

Zhou Xiaodi was just about to speak when Li Mu continued, "My personal energy is limited, and so is my ability. So now I'm thinking that in the future, I will entrust 3321 to a professional manager to manage it. I will form a full-time professional team led by a professional manager, and the operating expenses will be directly drawn from 3321's commission."

Zhou Xiaodi was stunned.

He originally wanted to discuss with Li Mu whether there was a school that would work with him to manage 3321. Such a big project was happening right under the school's nose, and there was also the public's attention on it. At this time, it was only right for the school to intervene. If this happened in any other school, the school's leaders would also have thought of this.

This idea, on the bright side, was to help the students run a charity business, provide more manpower and resources, and ensure that the students would have more energy to focus on their studies. But on the bright side, it was actually to meddle and take a share of the pie. For such a big project, the school didn't expect to make money from it, but no matter what, there had to be an official statement, and this project had to be branded with the school's brand.

Because of 3321, Zhou Xiaodi actually didn't sleep much last night. This kind of thing was actually not a good thing for him. Now that Project 3321 was starting, if he could get involved with the school, then it would naturally be a happy ending. But if he couldn't, then it would be disgusting. Such a big project was starting right under his nose, and he didn't do anything throughout, he would be seen as incompetent.

So in his heart, he hoped that he could have a private discussion with Li Mu. He wouldn't have the evil intention of taking the fruits of his labor, but he couldn't completely ignore the school either. If that was the case, to the school, the rise of 3321 wouldn't be something to be proud of, but it would be a slap in the face.

However, he didn't expect that Li Mu would be one step ahead of him and tell him his plans for the future of 3321. The meaning of Li Mu's words was very clear. His ability and energy were limited, and if he couldn't manage 3321 in the future, or if he couldn't manage it, then he would directly hire a professional management team from outside to manage it. On the other hand, when his energy was enough to handle 3321, he wouldn't let anyone interfere.