Chapter 400

Xiangnan Satellite TV, since the broadcast of "Princess Pearl", has become the first provincial satellite TV station in China. This satellite TV station is the dream platform of a large number of hosts.

Different from the nature of Central TV, the anchors of Central TV take more of a political line. Their current atmosphere is still very serious. No matter when, they are wearing suits and ties, not smiling, and conveying the most correct three views in front of the TV. This platform has a great responsibility. To some extent, its importance is above all other TV stations, but it is precisely for these reasons that Central TV lacks entertainment genes in its bones.

For those hosts who want to be famous, want to make money, and want to mix in the entertainment industry, Central TV is a kind of shackle, and Xiangnan Satellite TV is the most suitable stage.

Especially "Happy Camp", which is one of the most popular variety shows in China. There are not many shows that can compete with it. Huizhou Satellite TV's "Super Winner" may be the only competitor of the same weight. However, the weight of the program is similar, but the weight of the TV station is very different. It feels like two football clubs of equal strength, one in South Korea's K1 league, the other in the Premier League, the platform gap is not a little bit.

Chen Wan didn't tell anyone about receiving the invitation from Xiangnan Satellite TV, including Li Mu, because she vaguely felt that once she told Li Mu about it, Li Mu would strongly suggest that she accept it, but this was also the key source of her complex mood.

She didn't want to leave Yanjing.

Xiangnan is almost 1,500 kilometers away from Yanjing, which is too far. It took her a lot of effort to come to the city where Li Mu was. If she had to leave after a few months, she would be really unhappy.

Although she knew that Li Mu already had a girlfriend, and that his girlfriend was very good, Chen Wan still wanted to stay in the city with him.

Although she also knew that Li Mu, who was in the same city as her, could not meet her very frequently. The two were separated by ten kilometers, which was not much different from being separated by a thousand kilometers, but Chen Wan still wanted to stay with him.

Even if they didn't meet, even if she knew that he had a girlfriend, as long as she thought that she was still in the same city with him, if she missed him, she could make a phone call, and he would rush to her side no matter what. Chen Wan felt that she couldn't leave Yanjing, at least when Li Mu was still in the city, she didn't want to open here.

However, if you consider this problem rationally, from a career point of view, this is simply a great opportunity to reach the top in one step.

"Old Boys" had unexpectedly made Chen Wan popular. Chen Wan knew that any kind of popularity needed exposure to maintain it, but she had not been able to get a chance to appear on screen at Yanjing Satellite TV. Not long after, her current fans would gradually lose their enthusiasm. Perhaps in another month, no one would visit her Tieba, and no one would remember her name and appearance. In the end, it might be the end of her career.

If a female anchor was unable to appear onscreen in her twenties, even if she managed to appear onscreen for a few years, she might not be able to get a good program. At that time, she might only be able to host the night news or weather forecast.

In Yanjing TV, she is a bottom-level intern anchor who does not even have a chance to appear on screen. However, if she accepts the invitation of Xiangnan Satellite TV and goes to Xiangnan to develop, she will be able to land on the hottest variety show in China. The gap between the two is more than 108,000 miles. For most girls who study broadcasting and hosting, they wish it was a light year. In other words, it is a distance that they can't catch up with in their lifetime.

However, for Chen Wan, this distance is actually just a Li Mu.

If it weren't for Li Mu, she would have agreed to the other party the moment the phone call came, and then packed her luggage, bought the earliest plane to fly to Xiangdu, and stayed away from this wronged city.

Chen Wan, who was already in a complicated mood, could not help but sigh at Li Mu's charm every time she thought about it. Li Mu was three years younger than her, but he could make her devote herself to him and worry about him all day long. Now a great opportunity was in front of her, but she still had to make a choice between hell and heaven. Could it be that this guy was her enemy and creditor in her previous life?

And this also reflects Li Mu's ability on another level. She only appeared on screen two or three times in that micro movie, but it was these two or three times that she actually built a ladder for herself, giving her a chance to reach the sky in one step.

The invitation from Xiangnan Satellite TV's "Happy Camp" program team has been sent for several days, but Chen Wan has not made a decision. At the same time, the director of the "Happy Camp" program team also conducted a general investigation of Chen Wan's background.

After a simple investigation, the director gave Chen Wan two labels: from a famous school and a prominent family.

Needless to say, Chen Wan's own conditions and professional quality, even if she only showed two or three scenes in "Old Boys", but as a professional variety show director, he can see at a glance that Chen Wan's ability is impeccable.

Coming from a famous school has increased her own halo. Such a girl has enough conditions to enter any TV station in China, but she chose Yanjing Satellite TV, which is a waste of talent.

Her prominent family made the director have a certain misunderstanding of Chen Wan's career plan. He thought that it might be because her family conditions are very good, so Chen Wan doesn't care too much about how high and far her career path can go. There are many possibilities for her not to answer him for many days, and it may even be just because she likes Yanjing, that's all, so she doesn't care how great your Xiangnan Satellite TV is. She may just refuse you because she doesn't want to leave Yanjing.

Although the saying that the rich can be willful will be put forward very late, the concept has long been deeply rooted in people's hearts.

Many things are strange to say. The director has taken a liking to Chen Wan. The moment Chen Wan's image appeared, he thought that Chen Wan was the most suitable candidate, so he passed all the other good choices. He stubbornly believed that he would rather the program not enter for a year, and he must find a way to poach Chen Wan. From the point of view of artistic pursuit, it is also a kind of better quality than inferior quality.

At a party with his colleagues, the director received a message. One of the leaders in charge of the introduction of films and TV series had some friendship with the people of Makino Image. At the beginning, Makino Technology sold the priority replay rights of "Old Boys" to Xiangnan Satellite TV at a friendship price of 2 million yuan. Afterwards, it was proved that the value of the priority replay rights was at least 5 million yuan. Optimistically, the long-term impact was worth 10 million yuan.

The middle-level leader who interfaced with Makino Image was also commended by the station for his excellent introduction work, and for a time, he was in the limelight.

A few days ago, a key person in charge of Makino Image "happened" to go on a business trip to Xiangdu and met with the middle-level leader. The two were said to have chatted happily until midnight and regretted not meeting each other earlier.

So, he decided to use this relationship to ask the middle-level leader to help him communicate with Makino Image, so that they could understand Chen Wan's real thoughts by beating around the bush, and it would be best to persuade her to accept his offer.

As a result, the news went around in a big circle between Yanjing and Xiangdu, and from Xiangnan Satellite TV to the ears of Ning Hao, who had just returned from Xiangdu.

The reason why Ning Hao went to Xiangdu on a "business trip" was also because Li Mu instructed him to try his best to build a good relationship with the relevant person in charge of Xiangnan Satellite TV. The friendship price last time was not given in vain. It would be worthwhile to exchange it for friendship, otherwise, it would be a big loss.

Ning Hao immediately understood and pretended to go on a business trip to meet with the person in charge of Xiangnan Satellite TV. The two sides became friends. He thought that it would be inevitable to ask the other party for help in the future. He didn't expect that the other party would unexpectedly call him and ask him for help.

As soon as he heard the other party's request, Ning Hao was also shocked. He didn't expect that Xiangnan Satellite TV would want to poach Chen Wan. He wasn't familiar with Chen Wan, but he knew that she was Li Mu's sister, who was now interning at Yanjing Satellite TV. He didn't expect that the other party would want to poach her directly to host the hottest variety show just based on a few scenes in "Old Boys".

The excited Ning Hao immediately conveyed the news to Li Mu, and Li Mu was about to go to dinner with his roommates.

Today happened to be the day before the official start of school. Several of Li Mu's roommates returned to school one after another. After returning from vacation and not seeing each other for a long time, everyone decided to get together for a meal. The eldest brother, Sun Jian, strongly requested not to bring his family, to give him and Liu Nian, two single men a little respect. Everyone readily agreed. Li Mu treated everyone to a meal, so the six men went to Gui Street to eat spicy crayfish.

A large plate of crayfish had just been served, and Li Mu had only eaten two when his phone rang. He struggled to take off his disposable gloves and wiped the oil that seeped into his fingers. Li Mu took out his mobile phone angrily. When he saw that it was Ning Hao who interrupted his meal, he picked up the phone and complained, "What are you doing, Brother Hao? You didn't call me earlier or later. I just sat down and peeled two crayfish, and you called me."

Ning Hao smiled and said, "I'm sorry, boss. I didn't know you were eating spicy crayfish. But you are really not kind. You didn't tell me that you were eating spicy crayfish. You know that I like it the most."

Li Mu laughed and said, "If you want to eat it, I'll treat you to it at any time. I'll eat it until you can't walk. But why are you calling me now?"

Ning Hao said, "I have good news for you."

Li Mu asked, "What good news?"

Ning Hao laughed hoarsely a few times. Li Mu could feel the almost innate wretchedness on his face through the phone.

"Director Wang of Xiangnan Satellite TV, who is responsible for the introduction of the main station's films and TV plays, just called me and said that the director of" Happy Camp "asked him for help. Boss, do you know" Happy Camp "?"

"What nonsense, of course I know. Get to the point!"

"Hey, Director Zhou of" Happy Camp "wants to invite Chen Wan to join" Happy Camp ", with He Jiong, Li Xiang and Li Weijia as the host!"