Chapter 603

Sun Tongyu was well aware of the logistics situation in the country.

At the moment, there was no logistics company that focused on efficiency. Although EMS was the fastest delivery service, it was only decent. If a package was to be sent from Beijing to Yang Cheng, the probability of it arriving by plane was slim. Basically, it would be transported by road or by rail, with the latter being the most likely. Generally speaking, it would take at least 30 hours for a vehicle to arrive at Yang Cheng, even if the driver didn't stop to refuel, eat, or go to the toilet. However, the time that Sun Tongyu saw was far shorter than that!

He searched and found that the earliest time that a user in Yang Cheng received a Mango-ME was at 10 AM on the second day.

This post was posted at 11 AM by the user ID Gentle Breeze. His post was posted on the Taobao Bar, and the title was: "Oh my god!

Taobao's speed is insane!

I placed the order at 8 AM last night and received it at 10 AM! "

In the post, Gentle Breeze described the process of receiving the package in detail: "Damn it, I arrived at work at 9: 30 AM and was just about to head out for an interview when the reception office called to tell me that there was a package for me. I was confused at the time, I didn't buy anything before, so why would there be a package for me? When I arrived at the reception office, I saw that the package and receipt were all written with Taobao. I thought I was dreaming, but when I opened the package, it was indeed Mango-ME. It's only been 10 hours, and I've already received it.

This is too damn fast! "After that, Gentle Breeze used a digital camera to take a picture of his Mango-ME and posted it in the post. There was a work pass in the picture, and the words" Yang Cheng Evening News "could be seen on it. It seemed that Gentle Breeze was a newspaper reporter.

A bunch of users replied: "Taobao specially hired a plane to deliver it to you, right?"

"This speed is too scary!

Even if he took a plane, it wouldn't be that fast!

I've checked, the earliest flight from Beijing to Yang Cheng is at 7: 30 AM, so it'll be around 10 AM when it lands at the airport! "

"Taobao is really amazing!"

"I'm envious of the original poster. I tried to snatch it last night, but I didn't get it. I can only wait for next time."

"Haha, OP, you can't compare to me. I'm from Liaoshen in the northeast. I received it at 8 am this morning. The post office said that I would be the first to receive it. It only took 12 hours!"

Seeing this, Sun Tongyu was even more confused. How could this be possible?

He was in Liaoshen, yet he received the goods within 12 hours of placing the order?

Some netizens from Sichuan also said that they had received the goods before nine in the morning. Sichuan was more than 1,500 kilometers away from Beijing, and the key was that the traffic was not smooth enough. The road into Sichuan was difficult to travel on. Even if they were on the highway, they could not run through the Qinling mountain roads and tunnels.

Sun Tongyu racked his brains for a long time. He concluded that it was impossible for Taobao to send the goods by air, because it was impossible for the postal service to do so. Therefore, this basically negated one thing: these goods were definitely not sent from Yanjing, because there was not enough time.

The only possibility was that these goods were sent from somewhere else …

Thinking of this, Sun Tongyu's mind buzzed. He had vaguely grasped the operating mode of Taobao in his mind.

The reason why the users in Yang Cheng could receive the goods the next morning must be because the place of delivery was near Yang Cheng, or even in Yang Cheng.

The reason why the users in Shanghai, Sichuan, and Liaoshen could receive the goods that morning must be the same.

Sun Tongyu noted down the names of these cities and could not help but admire in his heart. The people of Taobao were really too smart. How did they think of using this method to deliver goods?

Choosing a few cities in the north, south, east, and west of the country to plant a few nails, perfectly solving the problem of insufficient EMS transport capacity and slow turnover efficiency?

That was way too awesome!

Hangzhou was very close to Shanghai. Sun Tongyu suddenly thought of a few of his old classmates. He had more acquaintances in Shanghai than in Yanjing, so it should be more convenient for him to find out about the situation.

After a few phone calls, Sun Tongyu waited for about twenty minutes before he received a call from one of his old classmates. The other party said on the phone, "Tongyu, I asked someone to find out about the matter you asked me to investigate. The EMS in Shanghai did receive a lot of express items from Taobao two days ago, a total of 125,000 items. These express items were all delivered in Shanghai."

When Sun Tongyu heard this news, he immediately realized that the situation was very bad, so he immediately got up and rushed to Boss Ma's office.

At that moment, Boss Ma was communicating with his two most core members about the launch of his C2C platform.

Lu Zhaoxi was mainly in charge of building the platform. Some time ago, Boss Ma personally bought the domain name and prepared to use it to build a website called Le Tao. The website had already been developed for a long time, but because it involved the front and back systems, the order system, and the inventory system, it would still take some time to go online. Therefore, he discussed with Boss Ma the specific time node for the website to go online.

Cai Chongxin was mainly in charge of the integration of logistics resources and was prepared to block the neck of Taobao at the critical moment. Boss Ma also understood some specific details from him.

As for the payment channel project that Boss Ma was in charge of, Boss Ma also informed the two of them, "Li Mu's Alipay took advantage of a loophole in the beginning. The central bank did not realize that someone would do such a thing, so it was already done by Li Mu before they could react. Moreover, Alipay only served 3321 at the beginning. It was purely a public welfare project, so the central bank could not interfere, so it allowed Alipay to continue developing. Now, the central bank has already informed the major banks that they are not allowed to open merchant interfaces for payment channels at will. All interface applications must first be approved by the central bank."

Cai Chongxin asked in surprise, "If that's the case, wouldn't it be very difficult for us to set up our own payment channel?"

Boss Ma smiled slightly, "It's not difficult, it's just not that easy. I have already thought of a way to operate it. It is still possible to use some connections, but it will take some time and cost."

Lu Zhaoxi said, "Alipay started right under the eyes of the central bank. At the beginning, it was only a public welfare charity, so the central bank would definitely not think too much about it. However, it is getting bigger and bigger now. Li Mu's ambition to spy on the entire online payment network has been exposed. Why hasn't the central bank dealt with him yet?"

Boss Ma said, "The central bank would not do such a thing. Wouldn't it be asking for a scolding if they dealt with Alipay at this time?

Besides, all of Li Mu's businesses are linked to Alipay. If the central bank wants to deal with Alipay, will Young Master Chen agree?

Don't forget his father's position. Even the central bank has to listen to him. Moreover, Li Mu's Taobao was written in the last internal reference. It is said that the higher-ups even personally gave instructions that the future of e-commerce is very promising and asked the relevant departments to keep an eye on it. How would the central bank dare to deal with Alipay at this time?

They can only suffer in silence and think of a way to stop the latecomers. "

As he said that, Boss Ma waved his hand and said, "You don't have to worry. Although this matter is a little troublesome, it can definitely be solved. It won't be much later than our platform's launch. Don't be affected. Do what you have to do."

At this moment, there was a knock on the door. Boss Ma said, "Come in." Sun Tongyu immediately pushed the door open and entered. He looked at Boss Ma, panting and said breathlessly, "Boss Ma, something … something happened …"

Boss Ma saw that Sun Tongyu was out of breath and knew that he must have run all the way here. There must be something urgent, so he quickly said, "Don't worry. Let's talk after you're out of breath."

Sun Tongyu nodded repeatedly. Then, he took a few deep breaths to control his breathing rhythm. Then, he swallowed his saliva and said with a dejected face, "The 500,000 units of Mango-ME on Taobao have already been shipped out. Now, it is estimated that more than 80% of the orders have been delivered!"

As soon as this was said, Boss Ma immediately shook his hand and said with great certainty, "That's impossible!

In two or three days, it would be amazing if 80% of this batch of goods could be shipped out of Yanjing, let alone how many were delivered! "

Sun Tongyu hurriedly explained, "But Taobao didn't concentrate the goods in Yanjing!

They only shipped 100,000 units in Yanjing, and the other 400,000 units were distributed. I searched for a lot of users' posts on the Internet and counted their addresses and the time they received the delivery. I found that users in Shanghai, Yangcheng, Liaoshen, Chuandu, and Hanjiang received the goods in the morning or even the morning of the second day. I called my classmate in Shanghai and asked about it. He said that the Shanghai EMS received 125,000 packages from Taobao on the day when the Mango-ME was sold out, and all of them were sent from Shanghai! "

Boss Ma, who had just confidently overruled Sun Tongyu's feedback, immediately lost his confidence after hearing Sun Tongyu's words. His expression suddenly became extremely complicated. He didn't speak for a long time. Cai and Lu also looked at each other. Everyone understood the actual content of Sun Tongyu's words and understood that Taobao had distributed the 500,000 units to six cities. Like Sun Tongyu, the two of them were shocked by Taobao's method. At the same time, they were also very dispirited. Initially, they were still thinking about how to block others, but suddenly, they realized that the other party had found a perfect way to sneak in and find six exits for themselves. The person who could come up with this solution was simply a genius …

Needless to say, everyone knew that this solution must have come from Li Mu. Li Mu had long been recognized as a genius among geniuses. His brain was frighteningly active. Every time he came up with a new trick, his peers couldn't help but praise him, but at the same time, they couldn't help but question whether they were stupid or not.

Boss Ma's expression changed. After a long time, he slammed the table angrily and said angrily, "This is ridiculous!

How preposterous!

Li Mu really knows how to play!

We put the rope around his neck, so he can still find a way to get around it! "