Chapter 444

Zhou Sheng, the director of "Happy Camp", has been thinking about upgrading it for a long time.

At present, the variety shows of major satellite TV stations are much the same. In contrast, there is no essential difference between "Happy Camp". The only difference is that the ratings of Xiangnan Satellite TV are much higher than those of other stations, which also benefits from the historical accumulation of the era of "Princess Pearl". If it weren't for the high ratings, "Happy Camp" would not have been able to make all stars flock to it. With the resources of A-list stars, "Happy Camp" has been further improved in ratings, which is also the real root of the success of "Happy Camp".

If you put aside the aura of Xiangnan Satellite TV and those stars, what advantages does "Happy Camp" have?

Zhou Sheng can't tell.

Although the host lineup of "Happy Camp" is relatively strong, and there is a new star, Chen Wan, who is about to join, but to be honest, the original hosts are actually popular in Xiangnan Satellite TV. Before joining the program, they did not have much market influence.

In the final analysis, everything comes from the strong ratings resources of Xiangnan Satellite TV, and "Happy Camp" can go smoothly all the way. But in terms of the content of the program alone, Zhou Sheng has always felt that it is bland. In terms of the interest of the program model, it is even not as good as "Super Winner" in Insignia Province. If the ratings resources of Xiangnan Satellite TV are the same as those of Insignia Province, then "Happy Camp" will not reach the height of "Super Winner".

Zhou Sheng has always wanted to change this embarrassing situation. Xiangnan Satellite TV is the largest satellite TV in China. He also wants to do the first variety show in China. However, the core content of a variety show is not so easy to replace or upgrade. A little carelessness may ruin the show.

Now the overall model of "Happy Camp" has been solidified. Under normal circumstances, it is teamed up with stars, crew, and agency companies. For example, when a new play is about to be broadcast, the producer will coordinate with the program group and arrange the lead actor to do a program. If it's a movie star, it's usually to promote a new movie; if it's a singer, then 80% of it is to promote a new album or concert. It's good to watch one or two episodes occasionally, but it's boring to watch more.

Zhou Sheng felt that the current "Happy Camp" urgently needed a brand-new, eye-catching model. This model did not necessarily have to replace the entire program process. Even if only one part of it was replaced, it would have an unexpected effect.

Actually, Zhou Sheng's considerations were very professional. Whether it was now or in the future, for a variety show, the highlight of the show would always be the most important part. The reason why Running Man could become so popular was because of the segment where he tore off his name tag. Without this segment, the overall effect of the show would be greatly reduced. The key point of The Voice was the blind rotating chair selection. It was this kind of extraordinary talent show model that allowed it to stand out from the rest of the other talent shows.

However, a good model was easy to say, but it was too difficult to explore. During this time, Zhou Sheng and the production team thought of at least a dozen new models, but in the end, they were all shot down without exception.

After more than a dozen new ideas failed, Zhou Sheng began to look for other ways to make a breakthrough. This was also the main reason why he took the initiative to look for Chen Wan, a pure newcomer in the hosting field. The old model had been maintained like a machine, and without being able to change it, he could only look for a completely different face to break the deadlock.

Just as Zhou Sheng was struggling to find a new model to no avail, Chen Wan suddenly came looking for him during lunch break and said, "Director Zhou, a friend of mine told me about a party game. I think it's very suitable to be included in our show as a new segment. I was wondering if you'd be interested in learning more about it."

"Sure." Zhou Sheng put down his chopsticks and said seriously, "Tell me about it, I'll listen to it."

Chen Wan said, "This game is quite interactive, so I'll briefly explain the gameplay. If you think it's good, we can get some colleagues to try it out."

Zhou Sheng nodded and interlaced his fingers on the table, looking like he was listening attentively.

Chen Wan explained the process of Who's Undercover to him in detail. After Li Mu told Chen Wan the specific process of the game over the phone last night, he was afraid that she wouldn't understand, so he wrote her a very detailed explanation of the game and sent it to her email. In the morning, Chen Wan carefully read through the explanation sent by Li Mu several times. After studying it thoroughly, she communicated it to Zhou Sheng. So even though she hadn't personally experienced the game, she was already very familiar with the game's rules.

Zhou Sheng had done variety shows for many years, so he had an innate keen sense for this kind of content. He was like a senior antique appraiser. When he saw something good, although he couldn't see through it at first glance, he could tell if it was good or not with a simple glance.

The rules of Who's Undercover weren't difficult. It was nothing more than two camps, two different but very similar words. Then, through intense and brilliant reasoning, brainstorming, and psychological warfare, one could defeat one's opponent.

Zhou Sheng's eyes lit up after listening for a while. Based on his years of experience, his first thought was: This is interesting!

It's really interesting!

Those who hadn't played a killing game before would think that it was boring. A bunch of people sitting there with nothing else to do but talk. It was absurd and boring. But once you actually played it, you would understand that it was very fun. Moreover, it was a test of intelligence, eloquence, and psychological quality. It was very comprehensive and thrilling.

Who's Undercover was the same type of game, so Zhou Sheng was very interested after hearing it.

In order to let himself delve deeper into the game's rules and effects, Zhou Sheng closed his eyes and thought for a moment. He couldn't help but say to Chen Wan, "Chen Wan, say it again. I'll close my eyes and think about it."

Chen Wan nodded and went through the game's rules from the beginning.

This time, Zhou Sheng's face was already filled with surprise before he finished listening. When Chen Wan finished, he opened his eyes and said excitedly, "This game's creativity is amazing. The person who came up with this game is a genius!

Not only is the game exciting and interesting, but it's also very topical. Especially when it comes to choosing words, we can completely customize it. If we want to do a martial arts program, then we can use the words Eighteen Dragon Subduing Palms and Nine Yin White Bone Claw. If we want to do a film program, we can use the name of the film and TV series as the game. We can even use the names of the two main actors. The scope of operation is very wide! "

As he said that, Zhou Sheng stood up impatiently and said to Chen Wan, "Chen Wan, you eat first. I'll go gather people and arrange a big conference room. We'll give this game a good try in the conference room in the afternoon. If there are no problems with this game, you've really made a great contribution to our Happy Camp!"

Chen Wan didn't expect that Zhou Sheng's reaction would be so strong that he wanted to leave without finishing his meal. She nodded, but before she said anything, Zhou Sheng had already left.

Chen Wan had just finished her meal when Zhou Sheng called, "Chen Wan, come to the big conference room number three. I've gathered our colleagues to come over and study together. You'll host it!"

"Okay, Director Zhou. I'm coming."

Chen Wan had to get up and rush to the big conference room number three. As soon as she arrived at the conference room, more than 20 regular staff of the program team were there. Zhou Sheng was ordering people to move the conference table to the side, leaving only eight seats. Then he called out names and said, "Liu Ming, Chen Yihui, Gao Hanhan, Su Xiaoxiao … You guys are more quick-witted. Later, Chen Wan will lead you to try the new game. The rest of you, follow me to be the audience and feel the viewing effect of this game."

Chen Wan didn't expect that he would make such a big scene. Although she hadn't really played this game before, at this moment, she could only temporarily carry it.

Just now, Zhou Sheng had called out six people. Including Chen Wan, there were exactly seven people. According to the rules of the game, they had to draw cards to choose a spy. Chen Wan asked Zhou Sheng for the poker cards he had prepared. From the cards, she picked six cards from A to 6 and a K. Then she told everyone the general rules. Among the seven people, the one who drew the K would be the spy.

After that, Chen Wan said to Zhou Sheng, "Director Zhou, later, you have to think of two similar but different words, and then give the different words to the different characters. Once the game participants know their own words, we will take turns to describe the words we just received. Everyone must try their best to describe the words without being discovered by the spies, and at the same time, give hints to your teammates. If it's the spies, try your best to confuse the others and not let them see through you. After the seven of us finish describing the words one by one, everyone needs to quickly start voting and point out who the spies are. Whoever gets the most votes will be eliminated in that round. If it's the spies who are eliminated, the spies fail. If it's someone else who is eliminated, the game will continue until the spies are found, or the spies can last until the last round."

After the rules were announced, everyone was eager to try. The audience arranged to be the audience also uniformly sat opposite the seven people, waiting for the game to start.

After everyone had figured out the rules, Zhou Sheng thought of two words: steamed bun and dumpling.

Then, the game officially started. The first person to draw the spy was a boy. When everyone had just started the first round, he was discovered by others because of his nervousness, and then he was pointed out.

Then came the second round. The person who drew the spy still couldn't maintain a good psychological quality, and was pointed out in the second round. However, when everyone pointed out the wrong person in the first round, the audience began to experience the fun of this game.

After that, everyone gradually got into the groove. There was even a spy who really managed to win in the end. In that game, everyone pointed out the mistakes round after round, giving the other players a lot of psychological pressure. It also made the audience truly feel the excitement of this game.

Although Zhou Sheng had been the referee, he had been very attentive to experience every little detail of the game. As the few of them got into the groove and the more they played, the more technical they became, and the more excited he became. As a bystander, he happened to be observing the seven people playing the game from the director's point of view. It had to be said that from the director's point of view, the atmosphere of the scene was great. The people on stage were quite engrossed in the game, and the people in the audience were also very fascinated. After all, they were not ordinary audience members. They were all employees of variety shows. It was reasonable to say that their standards for variety shows were much higher than that of ordinary people!

If even they could have such fun playing, the effect of the live show would definitely be explosive.

After the game went on for about an hour, Zhou Sheng said to an assistant beside him, "Little Liu, go get a DV and bring a tripod over."

The assistant understood and immediately ran to get a portable DV, set it up on a tripod in the corner, and filmed the scene of the game.

The screams and laughter in the conference room attracted the attention of many colleagues from other departments. Zhou Sheng ordered another assistant to guard the door. If any colleagues or leaders wanted to come in, they were to say that the program team was testing a new game and it was not convenient to disturb them. He did not want any onlookers or leaders to disturb the immersive atmosphere. When the test was over, they could directly show the recording to the station leaders.

The assistant who was called out had a very hurt expression and said, "Director Zhou, I still want to watch a little longer …"

Zhou Sheng laughed and scolded, "Go and guard first. I'll find someone to switch with you later, alright?"

The assistant could only nod helplessly and stand guard at the door of the conference room. He explained to the leaders and colleagues who passed by and wanted to come in to see what was going on.

When the game progressed to a certain level, the seven people, including Chen Wan, had already become veterans of the game. When they played, they were very good at all kinds of tricks. One moment, they would dig a hole for their opponents, and the next moment, they would silently find an excellent point of difference to release information to their companions. The exciting parts were endless.

Seeing that the seven of them were having so much fun, the "audience" who understood the rules also wanted to go up and give it a try. Hence, the participants began to switch with their colleagues in the audience. Unknowingly, more than twenty people had played happily in the conference room for the entire afternoon.