Chapter 1716

Davidson didn't understand why Li Mu was so interested in cars, but he was very clear about Li Mu's financial resources. Acquiring several poorly managed car brands was a piece of cake for Makino Technology.

He just took it as an expensive hobby for a rich man like Li Mu. Even if Li Mu made a loss, it would not affect Li Mu too much. Therefore, he did not try to persuade Li Mu any further. He immediately agreed that he was willing to help Li Mu build a bridge between Ford and Li Mu and Ford to facilitate a face-to-face meeting.

Although he hadn't even met the people from Ford, a magnificent automobile industry blueprint had already appeared in Li Mu's mind.

Li Mu had even thought of the name of the automobile industry group. The full name would be Muye Automobile Group.

Motor

Group。

Since it was an automobile group, it couldn't be put into the structure of Makino Technology. Makino Technology would invest, the proportion of shares of existing shareholders would be shifted, and then a new group would be registered.

In the future, Muye Automobile Group would have at least five sub-brands. One would be Tesla, which was already in the bag, and the other three sub-brands in Ford's hands. At that time, a "Muye Automobile" brand would be established in China, and the strategy of five sub-brands would be completed.

At that time, Tesla would be responsible for the research and development and manufacturing of pure electric vehicles, as well as the research and development of electricity-related technologies. It would also be responsible for exporting electricity-related technologies to other sub-brands to help other brands develop hybrid models, and even future pure electric models.

The other four sub-brands, Volvo, Jaguar, and Land Rover, in addition to being responsible for the production and development of their own product lines, were also responsible for exporting the body technology needed by Tesla to Tesla, helping Tesla develop more pure electric models, and even helping Tesla produce pure electric vehicles.

As for Muye Automobile, it would mainly be responsible for digesting the technologies of the other four sub-brands. It would first become a well-known brand in China and occupy enough market share among domestic cars. Then, it would consider going overseas.

In terms of overall structure, the five sub-brands were all under the "Automobile R&D and Production" section. In addition, Li Mu also planned to invest in the "Automobile Sales" section. It would not only establish and maintain the automobile sales network, but also establish a direct sales network and even an online sales network.

Although each sub-brand would have its own R&D department, Li Mu still planned to invest in a group R&D center, which would integrate the technologies of all the sub-brands. At the same time, it would also research and develop technologies with higher adaptability, such as human-computer interaction, Internet of Cars, and other more important areas in the future automobile industry.

According to this scale structure, the scale of capital required by the entire Muye Automobile Group may exceed 50 billion USD or even more.

Fortunately, there were still banks and investment banks. Before the financial crisis arrived, Li Mu still had three to four years to obtain a huge amount of funds from banks and venture capitalists all over the world.

The automobile manufacturing industry was not an industry with a long profit cycle. If it was operated properly, it was not difficult to make a profit.

Porsche could make a lot of money with its Cayenne, Land Rover made a lot of money with its Range Rover and Aurora, and even Geely could make more than a billion US dollars a year. Li Mu had the experience of his previous life, and he had strong capital and marketing capabilities. He was not worried about the future profitability of Muye Automobile Group.

After communicating with Davidson, Li Mu immediately called Elon Musk.

Li Mu told Elon Musk about his plan to acquire Jaguar Land Rover and Volvo. Even Elon Musk could not understand why Li Mu wanted to acquire so many car brands at once.

However, he knew Li Mu better than Davidson Gao Bai. He knew that Li Mu would never do something for his hobby, especially something that required a lot of money. This time, he wanted to acquire three sub-brands of Ford in one go. He believed that Li Mu must have a complete plan and plan.

Moreover, he also knew that Li Mu did not call him just to tell him this news, so he immediately asked, "Li Zong, do you need me to do anything?"

Li Mu said, "I want you to help me set up an elite team in the automotive and financial fields in the United States. When the time comes to negotiate with Ford, I need a mature team to participate."

Elon Musk said, "Tesla has some automotive talents, and a few in the financial field should be enough, right?"

Li Mu said, "Try not to affect the progress of Tesla's own work. This team will not only be responsible for the negotiation with Ford, but also for asset evaluation, including related intellectual property evaluation. After the negotiation, I hope that this team can directly become the core management team of the group to help me complete the restructuring and optimization of the entire group."

Elon Musk exclaimed and said, "Li Zong, you want to set up an automotive group?"

"That's right."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I want to set up an automotive group like Volkswagen, General Motors, Ford, and Toyota. Moreover, it will be a super large passenger car group that spans fuel, hybrid, and new energy!"

Elon Musk was shocked by Li Mu's ambition. Li Mu might be the only person who could invest so much in the physical industry, especially the traditional manufacturing industry.

In the whole of Silicon Valley, and even in the entire world, there was a unique atmosphere. All the people in the Internet industry felt that they were engaged in high-tech industries, so they did not care about traditional industries, and they even strongly discriminated against them.

They labeled themselves as high-tech talents, so no matter what they did, they liked to approach the concept of high-tech. Therefore, if it had nothing to do with high-tech, no one would bother to do it, nor would they bother to do it.

Once the Internet people went into traditional industries, then there was no doubt that they would definitely transplant the concept of high-tech into traditional industries. They would definitely want to subvert traditional industries. If they only used traditional methods to do traditional industries, they would definitely not be interested.

This was the reason why Elon Musk chose to set up Tesla instead of buying a brand under Ford or General Motors.

What Elon Musk wanted was not to enter the traditional automotive industry, but to subvert the traditional automotive industry. Therefore, he invested in Tesla, a new energy automobile industry.

For a person like Elon Musk, if he were to set up a traditional automobile brand, he would feel that it was a slap in his face.

Even in the aerospace industry, he wanted to incorporate new concepts into it.

Therefore, it was hard for Elon Musk to imagine why Li Mu wanted to set up a traditional automobile industry with such great fanfare. He even wanted to buy three traditional automobile brands in one go.

Moreover, he was not optimistic about the future of the traditional automobile industry. At this stage, many old automobile companies could not survive, and new automobile brands were unheard of.

Therefore, Elon Musk persuaded Li Mu, "Li Zong, I have contacted some professionals on Wall Street. They told me that the automobile industry will not be doing well in the next few years. On one hand, the global economic situation is not optimistic, and on the other hand, the profit margins of traditional automobile companies will gradually decline."

Then, he said, "General Motors and Ford are the two largest groups in the US automobile industry, but their annual financial reports show that both companies are close to the loss line. Fiat lost more than a billion dollars last year, and now the main profits of the traditional automobile industry are taken by a few automobile companies in Japan and Germany. The other brands are basically not competitive with them."

Li Mu nodded and said, "In terms of profits, Toyota should be doing the best, right?"

"That's right."

Elon Musk said, "The Japanese are more meticulous, and they do a good job in controlling costs. What's more, their products are very competitive. In the North American market, Japanese cars make up the largest share of ordinary family cars."

Then, Elon Musk said, "If I remember correctly, Toyota's profits in 2003 should be around 10 billion dollars."

Li Mu asked him, "Who do you think Toyota's biggest competitor is?"

Elon Musk thought for a moment and said, "I think Toyota has no competitor."

Li Mu asked, "Why do you say that?"

Elon Musk said, "When I was preparing to start Tesla, I studied the general situation of the global automobile companies. In my opinion, Toyota has the strongest foundation. Its product line is really wide, covering basically all the passenger car models, and they have very competitive products in every category. Family cars, luxury cars, SUVs, pickups, MPVs. You can think of any model, and they have at least one best-selling model. Their Prius is considered a revolutionary product, and it is very powerful. Strictly speaking, even Volkswagen is not a match for it."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I think Toyota's biggest competitor in the future might be Muye Automobile Group."

Elon Musk was embarrassed and said, "Li Zong, it is really not easy to overtake in the automobile industry. Even Tesla's new concept of alternative energy vehicles can only be said to have overturned the traditional industry in terms of concept, but it is far from being able to do it in terms of industry."

Li Mu smiled and said, "In my opinion, the automobile industry is about making a single best-selling model. If we make one best-selling model, we can become a small automobile brand. If we make two best-selling models, we can become a medium-sized automobile brand. If we make three best-selling models, we can become a large automobile brand. If we make five best-selling models, we can become a first-class enterprise brand. In the future, as long as we can continue to create best-selling models, it will not be a dream to overtake Toyota."

Toyota did have many best-selling models, such as Corolla, Camry, and RAV4. These three models were among the top 10 best-selling models in the world. In addition, Toyota also had Highlander, Prado, Land Rover, Crown, Alfa, and Lexus. Most of these models were sold at a higher price in Hua Xia, especially the Alfa. If you called the dealer and asked if you could get the car at a higher price of 300,000 RMB, the dealer would tell you that they were sorry, but there was no discount.

Li Mu had more than ten years of automobile aesthetics than the rest of the world. He had an advantage in the current car design and interior design. With this, he could steal many best-selling models.

The Kumamon was a best-selling model, right?

But now?

It had become Li Mu's.

Then why couldn't he steal the Corolla, Camry, RAV4, Honda CRV, Volkswagen Golf, and other popular models in the future?

。

m.