Chapter 1076

Elon Musk himself was an old friend who was very interested in Hollywood. One of his several hobbies in life was to mix in the film and television circle. Occasionally, he would be the producer of a certain movie or provide some sponsorship. He was never tired of it. However, at present, neither he nor his sister had enough influence in Hollywood. His sister's independent film company had not yet become a success, and it was still in the stage of looking for a breakthrough.

Under normal circumstances, the people who could be invited to Spielberg's charity banquet were all big names. A new face like Musk's sister, who had only been in Hollywood for less than two years, would not be able to mix into such a high-end top circle in a short time. But this time, it was like a pie in the sky. Spielberg actually took the initiative to contact her, which made her overjoyed.

As Hollywood's big names were all busy, the time had to be booked a long time in advance, so Spielberg's charity banquet had been finalized a few months ago. Seeing that the date was approaching, Li Mu suddenly jumped out and showed his high standard of charity in front of the entire Western world. All of a sudden, Li Mu was firmly linked to the concept of charity.

Spielberg also hoped to make his charity organization more famous and more recognized by the society. This was not enough to rely on himself. After all, more than half of the charity organizations and funds in the United States were set up by celebrities. In this way, as a well-known director, his influence was still relatively weak. Moreover, the credibility of the charity organization was somewhat lacking now. He very much hoped that his charity organization could be like Li Mu's 3321, which was open and transparent, and known and recognized by the society. So he was wondering if he could invite Li Mu through someone. In this way, the credibility of his charity organization would be greatly promoted.

After asking around, no one in the whole of Hollywood knew Li Mu. Moreover, Spielberg was not the only one in Hollywood who wanted to know Li Mu now, so Spielberg had not been able to find a suitable channel to get in touch with Li Mu.

Originally, Spielberg also wanted to use some venture capitalists who had contact with Makino Technology to help him, but when he heard those venture capitalists complain that even they could not see Li Mu in person, Spielberg realized that this line was basically impossible.

At this time, it happened that one of Spielberg's assistants had a good relationship with Elon Musk's sister. He told Spielberg about the relationship between Elon Musk and his sister, as well as the relationship between Elon Musk and Li Mu. Back then, Elon Musk personally went to Hua Xia to find Li Mu. Now that Makino Technology was one of the shareholders of PayPal, Elon Musk and Li Mu must have a close relationship. With his help, he might be able to establish a connection with Li Mu.

Therefore, Spielberg personally found Elon Musk's sister with an attitude of giving it a try.

The fact that Spielberg had personally come looking for her made Elon Musk's sister extremely excited. She had just started working in Hollywood, and what she lacked the most right now was resources from the upper echelons. Spielberg was definitely one of the best among the upper echelons. A world-class director like him had a strong network of actors, film companies, distribution companies, cinema chains, and venture capitalists. If she could make friends with him, she would definitely be able to form a breakthrough point and quickly gather a large number of resources from the upper echelons.

Therefore, after Elon Musk's sister figured out Spielberg's needs, she immediately contacted Elon Musk and gave him a task that must be completed: Invite Li Mu to Spielberg's charity banquet.

Because of this, Elon Musk came to visit again.

In fact, Elon Musk was also quite perturbed. He knew very well what kind of person Li Mu was. A billionaire with a net worth of 10 billion US dollars at the age of 20 would be the focus of society in any corner of the world. Moreover, Li Mu's status was now so high that he might not even look up to Hollywood's entertainment stars.

Whether it was Hollywood, Hollywood's famous directors, or famous actors, they themselves constituted a huge and filthy vanity fair. In this kind of vanity fair, the truly awesome ones were never the stars, but the investors.

No matter how popular and pretentious a star was, it was only for ordinary people. For the investors, the stars could be a tool to make money, and they could also be a plaything in their hands. Hollywood stars would also be unable to close their legs when they saw the investors. This was true in the world.

Therefore, a super nouveau riche like Li Mu, who had a strong influence and exposure, was the target of Hollywood's pursuit. Therefore, Spielberg wanted to invite Li Mu to his charity banquet. In Elon Musk's view, it had a certain meaning of climbing the social ladder.

What's more, Li Mu seemed to have never shown much interest in the entertainment industry to the outside world. In this way, it seemed that Li Mu might not really agree.

However, what Elon Musk didn't expect was that after Li Mu hesitated for a moment, he actually said to him, "In this case, I will accept this invitation."

Elon Musk was overjoyed and said excitedly, "You accepted?

You're not joking with me, are you?

"Of course not." Li Mu said, "What's the specific time?"

"The night after tomorrow!

The location is at Spielberg's house. The specific location is in the Pacific-Palisades area of Los Angeles. Basically, the people who live there are Hollywood bigwigs and film company bosses. "

Li Mu nodded. "Okay."

Elon Musk hurriedly said, "I will also go the day after tomorrow. I will charter a plane. How about we go together?"

"Okay." Li Mu smiled and said, "We will leave after noon the day after tomorrow."

After that, Li Mu added, "But try to rent a better plane. I don't want to put my weight of more than a hundred pounds on an old small plane."

Elon Musk patted his chest and promised, "Don't worry, I will handle the Gulfstream G300!"

The aviation industry in the United States was very developed. Business jet charter business was also considered common in the United States. It was only a little more than an hour's flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles. Chartering a business jet did not cost much.

The reason why Li Mu agreed to Elon Musk was not only that he wanted to meet a few top directors and actors. In fact, more importantly, he hoped to be able to build momentum for himself and Makino Technology through the hot topic of entertainment charity.

It was best to establish a closer relationship with Spielberg, Tom Cruise, and Leonardo DiCaprio. These stars were resources for him, and there would be many opportunities to cooperate in the future. What's more, there was a Makino Image under his territory. Although it was not profitable now, it was also laying out for the future pan-entertainment era. Accumulating some Hollywood resources in advance was also particularly significant for the future development of Makino Image.

He gave Spielberg face this time. When he needed him in the future, he believed that he would not let him down.

…

After Li Mu promised Elon Musk that he would attend Spielberg's charity banquet, Elon Musk left in excitement. Not only did he help his sister settle a big matter this time, but he also fought for more opportunities to improve his relationship with Li Mu. Hence, Elon Musk was in a particularly good mood. The moment he left Makino Technology, he immediately called his sister.

Elon Musk's sister, Tosca Musk, was currently anxiously waiting for Elon Musk's call. For her, inviting Li Mu to attend Spielberg's charity banquet was crucial to her future development in Hollywood.

In Hollywood, Spielberg had a good relationship with many people. Everyone knew about his principles. Not only did he like to guide newcomers, but he also never owed anyone a favor. He was the type of person that would return the favor tenfold. Since Spielberg took the initiative to look for her, she could tell how much importance he placed on this charity banquet and inviting Li Mu. If her elder brother could help her settle this matter, then she would have another layer of relationship with Spielberg in the future.

When Tosca Musk received the call, she immediately asked her elder brother, "Elon, did Li Mu agree to it?"

"I'm sorry, Tosca, but Li Mu is too busy …" Elon Musk purposely said with a regretful tone.

Tosca Musk's nervousness instantly fell to the bottom. After a long time, she let out a long sigh and weakly said, "It can't be helped. It's understandable that someone as busy as him doesn't have the time …"

"Silly lass, I'm just teasing you! Listen up, Li Mu has already agreed to attend Spielberg's charity banquet.

Listen up, Li Mu has agreed to attend Spielberg's charity banquet. I will go with him. You can tell Spielberg the good news now! "

"Really?!"

Tosca Musk roared with excitement on the other side of the phone. Even her voice was raised by an octave.

"Of course it's true! I just came out from Li Mu's company. I will contact the charter company now, and we will fly to Los Angeles the day after tomorrow." Elon Musk replied.

"Great!

That was great!

That's great! "

Tosca Musk exclaimed in excitement. One must know that Hollywood's influence might be great, but there were too many of them. So when it's distributed to every single one of them, their influence would be weaker. However, Li Mu was different. He's like Michael Jackson at his peak, and there's only one of him in the world. So his influence was even greater than Hollywood's. So the fact that he's willing to attend Spielberg's charity banquet would definitely be a huge news in Hollywood!

Furthermore, Tosca Musk knew that he had helped Spielberg greatly, and Spielberg would have to repay this favor in the future!

Looking at Elon Musk in excitement, Tosca Musk said, "Thank you, Elon!

Thank you so much!

If Spielberg knows about this, he will surely be happy! "