Chapter 457

Li Mu walked away with the two girls, completely ignoring the two directors, Xu and Dan, who were kneeling on the ground, as well as the astonished Zhang Lan and her daughter.

When they arrived at the first floor of Fayue Hotel, Li Mu was about to pay the bill when the waiter said, "Mr Li, our boss just called and said that he's on his way here. There's a bit of a traffic jam on the way here, but he'll be here soon. Do you want to wait for him?"

Li Mu was not in a good mood, so he refused politely. "Please tell your boss that my two friends aren't feeling well today. I have to send them back first, so I won't be waiting for him here. We'll talk another day."

The waiter nodded. After paying the bill for Li Mu, Li Mu walked out with the two girls. At this time, more than ten security guards of Fayue Hotel were still surrounding the burly men, but they were not angry at all. Li Mu went straight to the parking lot. After the two girls got into the car, Li Mu said, "Why don't I send you back first?"

Su Yingxue nodded slightly, while Wang Xinran was a little absent-minded. Li Mu comforted her, "Xinran, I'll definitely get an explanation for this matter for you. Today's the end of the two directors' good days. After this matter is thoroughly investigated, your score will definitely be restored, and your admission will definitely not be a problem."

Wang Xinran pursed her lips and said, "Brother-in-law, thank you, but I don't think I want to go to the Film Academy that much anymore."

Li Mu said, "Let's not talk about whether you want to go or not. First, we need a reasonable explanation. Don't worry, I'll not only get justice for you, but I'll also make those two directors suffer. As for that Chen Yueyue, after tomorrow, the Film Academy will definitely not dare to accept her."

“

Li Mu said this with full confidence. The media relations of 3321 were so strong that no company in the country dared to compete with it. The reason was simple. No matter how great the company was, or how good the media relations were, there would inevitably be some media channels that were out of reach or controlled by competitors. Because of this, there was no company in the society that did not have negative news. 3321 was different. 3321 was a celebrity level non-profit student aid program. Its finances were open and transparent, and it benefited a wide range of people. So until now, there had not been a single media outlet that had defamed 3321.

As the founder of 3321, he had reported two directors of the Film Academy. This matter was a hot topic for the media. Coupled with his perfect media relations, once the news reached the media, it would definitely become a hot topic and attract a large number of people's attention. By then, Xu and Dan would be doomed.

With such a big scandal, no matter how stupid the higher-ups of the Film Academy were, they would definitely choose to give up the pawn to save the car. On one hand, they would mercilessly hand over Xu and Dan, as well as the relevant people responsible, to the judicial authorities. On the other hand, they would have to quickly correct the mistakes that the two had made. So, Li Mu was sure that Wang Xinran would be reaccepted by the Yan Jing Film Academy.

When Wang Xinran heard this, she nodded lightly. At this moment, Li Mu gave her a strong sense of security. If it wasn't for him, the experience just now would have been the biggest setback in her life. Fortunately, he was doing his best to protect her, trying his best not to let her get hurt in any way.

While Li Mu was speaking, the media all over the country, especially in Yan Jing, had started to receive the news.

The founder of 3321, Li Mu, had reported the Yan Jing Film Academy's director of admissions and the director of the performance department for corruption, bribery, and malpractice. He was also willing to bear all legal responsibilities. This was the explosive news of the night. Everyone knew that 3321 was still a hot topic, and as the number of college students and prospective college students increased, the platform's reputation was now unparalleled. It was definitely a benchmark in the domestic charity and education fields. Its founder was the darling of the media in the past, and he was the darling of the national media. Now that he had made such a big move, it was definitely not for nothing. So, this was definitely big news.

Therefore, on that night, all the internet media immediately sent out news reports about this sudden incident. Several TV stations had already begun to prepare scripts and material to add this explosive news to the evening news. Even the newspaper companies were rushing to change the layout of their newspapers. Before the printing plant, they had to quickly add the latest breaking news.

Unknowingly, Li Mu had already mobilized a considerable number of media across the country, big and small, to let them participate in this matter.

…

Not long after Li Mu left, Li Tong rushed over. After asking, it turned out that Li Mu had already left. Fortunately, the mother and daughter who had caused trouble were still there. Li Tong quickly ran up to the second floor of the Fayue Restaurant.

At this time, the situation on the second floor was a little strange. Xu and Dan were still kneeling on the ground, their eyes empty, as if they were already half dead. Meanwhile, Zhang Lan and Chen Yueyue were still gnashing their teeth in anger. Zhang Lan didn't leave after Li Mu left. Instead, she called her husband in Japan and angrily told him what had happened in the restaurant today, asking him to come back as soon as possible to help her and her daughter.

As soon as she hung up the phone, she saw Li Tong striding up the stairs. She immediately went up to him and said angrily and aggrievedly, "Little Tong, you're finally here. We were almost bullied to death in your restaurant!"

Li Tong frowned. She looked familiar, and after thinking about it, he remembered her identity. However, he wasn't really familiar with her, so he coldly asked, "Am I very familiar with you?"

After saying that, he ignored her and said to an employee on duty beside him, "Tell me, what happened?"

Zhang Lan blurted out, "The customer in your restaurant is too arrogant. How dare he hit us in front of so many people!"

Li Tong looked at her with disgust and said coldly, "Sorry, I didn't ask you!"

Although Li Tong didn't know what had happened, when he heard that Li Mu, whom he had personally arranged for, had a conflict with someone, he instinctively sided with Li Mu. Although he wasn't familiar with Li Mu, he knew everything about Li Mu, including 3321 and the mess that Li Mu had caused outside. Moreover, Hui Ka Ming was his best friend, and Li Mu was the key to Hui Ka Ming regaining his position in the Xu family. Not to mention that he didn't know who was in the right and who was in the wrong, even if Li Mu was in the wrong, he would not hesitate to side with him.

The employee on duty had been on the second floor the whole time, so he was very clear about what had happened tonight. When Li Tong asked, he told her everything he had seen. When he understood what had happened, Li Tong was instantly pissed off. He turned and glared at Zhang Lan, "How dare you provoke my friend in my restaurant? How dare you be so arrogant?"

Zhang Lan's expression was a little surprised. She didn't expect Li Tong to be friends with that kid. Also, looking at his attitude, it seemed like he didn't care about her at all. His tone was surprisingly harsh. On one hand, she was shocked, and on the other hand, she felt embarrassed.

Zhang Lan put away her slightly reprimanding tone and said in a friendly tone, "Tong, I'm your Uncle Chen's lover, Chen Guanghua. You should remember me, right?"

Li Tong nodded and said in an unfriendly tone, "I know who you are, you don't have to emphasize it."

Zhang Lan smiled awkwardly and said, "I was just afraid that you would forget."

Li Tong didn't pay attention to her. He waved his hand and called the restaurant manager to his side. He told him, "This table is on the house tonight."

When Zhang Lan heard this, her expression immediately relaxed. It seemed that although Li Tong wasn't too happy, he had at least given enough courtesy and respect. Otherwise, he wouldn't have asked the manager to waive the bill for her.

However, Li Tong's next words took a 180-degree turn, and Zhang Lan was dumbfounded.

Li Tong said, "Check which membership card they used to book the table and invalidate that card. Tell everyone to remember their faces. In the future, no matter whose membership card they use, they are not allowed to step into Fayue!"

The restaurant manager immediately nodded. "I understand."

At this moment, Li Tong frowned and looked at Zhang Lan. He said coldly, "You better give my friend a reasonable explanation for what happened today. Otherwise, I, Li Tong, will not let you off. Including your husband. Remember what I said, get out of here."

Zhang Lan didn't expect Li Tong to not give her face at all. She was furious, and her expression was incomparably awkward. She didn't expect Li Tong to fall out with her so easily. No matter how powerful his background was, at least he ran a restaurant. He didn't need to treat the customers like God, but he should at least give the customers basic respect, right?

Although Zhang Lan thought so, she didn't dare to say a word. Seeing so many people staring at her as a joke, her face was burning. She could only grit her teeth and say to Chen Yueyue, "Yueyue, let's go!" After saying that, she pulled Chen Yueyue and turned to leave.

Li Tong didn't pay attention to her. He looked at Xu and Dan, who were kneeling on the ground, and said lightly, "If you want to kneel, go outside. Don't disturb the other customers here."

Xu and Dan, who were in despair, didn't even have the strength to get up. There was only one thought in their minds: They were really going to die this time.

Li Tong frowned and said to the staff around him, "Take them out."

The staff hurriedly did as they were told and took them out of the restaurant. At this time, Li Tong said to the other customers on the second floor, "I'm sorry, everyone. I've disturbed your meal. Today's meal is on me."

After saying that, Li Tong went directly to his office on the third floor. As soon as he entered the door, he immediately took out his mobile phone and called Li Mu. Li Mu was driving, but when he saw that it was Li Tong, he still picked up the phone.

As soon as Li Mu came up, he took the initiative to express his apology and said, "Li Tong, I'm really sorry today. I had a little conflict with your customers in your restaurant. I'm sorry to have caused you trouble."