Chapter 72

Song Liang, who had been in the business field for many years, was much more sophisticated and complicated than his peers. As soon as he arrived at the gate of the driving school, he had already figured out how to deal with today's matter. He would not beat Zou Hua, nor would he beat the playboy who was against Li Mu. However, he would use the most effective method to achieve his psychological expectation of killing many birds with one stone.

When Song Liang said that he would smash the car, Lu Yong immediately agreed and called his men to rush forward. Zou Hua dared not say a word. Since Song Liang had already said that he would buy the car at the original price and he had promised him, he would not frown even if Song Liang burned the car on the spot. Otherwise, he would offend this god-like figure.

Not to mention that Song Liang was willing to pay, even if he did not pay and burned his car for nothing, he would not dare to say a word.

In this case, Song Liang was kind.

Lu Yong's gang of thugs were all battle-hardened. For a moment, they waved all kinds of weapons and rushed to the brand-new Honda Accord.

Guo Yuhang was so scared that he pushed the door and tried to escape. However, he was kicked to the ground by one of Lu Yong's men. Then, someone picked him up and threw him in front of Zou Hua.

Then, the scene was filled with all kinds of crashing and cracking sounds.

The banging sounds came from the metal body of the car being hit by iron bars.

The crashing sounds came from the large and small pieces of glass on the car.

The scratching sounds came from the daggers cutting the leather seats and cushions.

Poof, poof, poof, the four tires were also punctured and cut …

The clanking sound continued for ten minutes until the Honda Accord, which was previously brand new, looked no different from a pile of scrap metal.

Song Liang was satisfied and nodded to signal Lu Yong to stop. After the vandals were stopped, Song Liang said to Zou Hua, "Don't say that I bullied you. Since you are willing to sell the car to me, it is mine. Come to my company tomorrow to get the money."

Zou Hua did not dare to have any objection. He nodded, thanked and apologized, and then raised the car key above his head with both hands to Song Liang.

Zhang Wanjun, who had been silent, suddenly said, "Manager Song, do you need to spend money on such a small thing?

You don't have to worry about the car. Just treat it as me buying it for your amusement. "

Song Liang didn't hide his hypocrisy and asked, "Wan Jun, is this appropriate?

How embarrassing! "

Zhang Wanjun laughed. "Of course. What's there to be embarrassed about between us?"

Song Liang pretended to hesitate for a moment and said straightforwardly, "Okay, thank you."

Zhang Wanjun said to Zou Hua, "Hua Zi, find me for the fare later."

Zou Hua was dumbfounded.

When Song Liang asked him to get the money, he said it with sincerity. At that time, he felt that he was really lucky today. After getting the money back, he must learn to behave with his tail between his legs. But he never expected that the more than 200,000 yuan of money would be transferred to Zhang Wanjun at once. What was worse was that he didn't dare to say no.

What was worse was that he had realized that he couldn't get the money for this car back. Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun were simply acting. Now the money for the car was taken by Zhang Wanjun. Even if he borrowed two guts, he wouldn't dare to ask Zhang Wanjun for money!

Zou Hua's mind was spinning, and his heart sank to the bottom. This time he was really finished. The new car he had just bought was wasted, which was a loss of 200,000 to 300,000 yuan. Moreover, Haizhou was so small. What happened today would spread throughout Haizhou tomorrow. He had offended Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun, and there would be no room for survival in the underworld in the future.

Thinking of such a hopeless situation, Zou Hua couldn't help but look at Guo Yuhang. Angry from the bottom of his heart, he fiercely punched the bridge of Guo Yuhang's nose. Guo Yuhang instantly bled profusely, but Zou Hua endured the pain in his back and grabbed Guo Yuhang's hair that was split three to seven, repeatedly punching Guo Yuhang's face like a madman. Punch after punch, Guo Yuhang's entire face was a bloody mess.

"Guo Yuhang, how dare you trick me!"

Zou Hua was almost hysterical. He couldn't afford to offend anyone around him, except Guo Yuhang, the culprit.

At this time, several police cars arrived. It turned out that when Lu Yong smashed the car, some passers-by had called the police.

When the police arrived and saw Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun, they couldn't help but feel numb. In Haizhou, ordinary police couldn't afford to offend these two people.

So the police pretended to ask some questions. When they heard Zhang Wanjun say that he was so bored that he bought a car and asked his brothers to smash it, the police quickly accepted his statement and turned a big problem into a small one. In this way, the matter of smashing the car was over.

The rest was the matter of Zou Hua beating Guo Yuhang.

Guo Yuhang's face was smashed to a pulp. Even if his mother came, she probably wouldn't be able to recognize him. Zou Hua had beaten him until he was exhausted, but he still couldn't vent his anger. The position and car that he had spent years working for were gone in an instant. He couldn't hate anyone else, but Guo Yuhang deserved it.

The police politely said hello to Song Liang and Zhang Wanjun, then arrested Zou Hua and sent Guo Yuhang to the hospital.

After the police left, Song Liang asked Zhang Wanjun, "What do you want to do with the Accord?"

Zhang Wanjun said with a smile, "Leave it here. When that guy comes out, he can take it back and fix it himself."

Song Liang nodded. He didn't care about it. Anyway, the matter was solved, and his anger had been vented.

Zhang Wanjun said, "After smashing it for a long time, it's actually sheet metal and glass. Yong, aren't you best at this? Show me.

Lu Yong grinned, pried open the deformed hood, and then drained all the engine coolant. Then he said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, please give me the car key."

Song Liang threw the car key over, and Lu Yong bent over to start the car. Then, he found a brick and pressed it on the accelerator. The engine let out a sharp hum, and in just a few minutes, there was a loud bang. Then, thick white smoke came out of the engine compartment, and the engine completely stopped.

Seeing this scene, Song Liang turned his face to Li Mu and said, "Brother Liang, let's have dinner together tonight?"

Li Mu had to agree, so he said, "I'll listen to you, Brother Liang."

"That's fine."

Song Liang nodded and glanced at Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue across the road. He said, "There is an ecological park by the Haihe in Beiguan. Let's eat there. You take your little brother with you, but don't take your girlfriend. Don't scare the little girl. You take her home first."

Li Mu didn't explain. He nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll take her home first, and then we'll go directly to the ecological park."

"Have you learned how to drive?"

"Yes."

"That's fine."

Song Liang turned to Zhang Wanjun and said, "Let's have dinner tonight. I'll take your car, and let my brother drive my car to send his girlfriend."

Zhang Wanjun nodded readily, but he carefully looked at Li Mu and marveled in his heart, "What's the background of this kid? How could Song Liang make such a big fuss over such a small matter?"

Li Mu also understood that since he had decided to make friends with Song Liang, he didn't need to be afraid of owing him in the early stage, so he didn't refuse Song Liang's kindness to lend him a car.

Immediately, Song Liang called the driver over and asked the driver to get out of the car directly. He gave the car to Li Mu. Before Li Mu got in the car, he said to Song Liang, "Brother Liang, I'll let my brother go with you first."

"Okay, so you don't have to bring a third wheel. Let him come over. Call me when you're done."

Zhao Kang and Su Yingxue, who were on the opposite side of the road, had yet to recover from the shock after 20 minutes. At first, the two of them were still on tenterhooks because of the two people who entered the Accord. They didn't expect that a few more cars and more than 20 people would come charging over. Then, the situation took a 180-degree turn.

Zou Hua's underlings ran away, his car was smashed, he was taken away by the police, and Guo Yuhang was missing.

At that time, the scene was too chaotic, and there were too many people around. Even when the unconscious Guo Yuhang was taken into the police car and sent to the hospital by the police, they didn't see Guo Yuhang.

Now, Li Mu was right in front of them. Under their gazes, he got into the Mercedes-Benz and skillfully made a U-turn. Then, the car stopped beside them.

Li Mu opened the passenger door and said to the two, "Kang Zi, go to the opposite side and find the person who was with me before. We'll have dinner together tonight. You go with their car. Yingxue, you get in the car. I'll take you home."

Zhao Kang was stunned. He looked at Li Mu, and then looked at the group of people opposite. There were countless questions in his mind, but at the moment, he didn't ask any of them. He just nodded and said to Li Mu, "Then I'll go. Be careful when you drive."

After that, Zhao Kang said goodbye to Su Yingxue and ran to the opposite side of the road. Su Yingxue hesitated for a moment. She also suppressed the countless questions in her mind and sat in the passenger seat of the Benz car.

The car started, and Li Mu said, "The people over there are too chaotic, so I won't take you to dinner tonight."

Su Yingxue asked, "Is it settled?"

"It's settled."

"Is the person you found very powerful?"

"Sort of. He's quite powerful in Haizhou."

"What's his purpose in helping you like this?

Will he bring you unnecessary trouble in the future? "

When Li Mu heard this, he was surprised by Su Yingxue's comprehensive consideration of the matter. He explained, "It's no trouble. I may not be able to return the favor I owe him, but I can make others owe me a favor, and then return the favor for me."

"Saving the country in a roundabout way?"

"Sort of."

Su Yingxue nodded and didn't ask any more questions. She felt that Li Mu was more mature than she thought.

Li Mu drove the car to the Family Quarters of the Municipal Bureau. Su Yingxue said goodbye to Li Mu and got out of the car. Li Mu sat in the car and watched Su Yingxue enter the community. Then he drove away again.

Li Mu, who was driving away, didn't expect that the scene of Su Yingxue getting out of the car was seen by Su Weimin, who was in a Passat behind him.

When Su Weimin saw his daughter get out of a Benz car, he only felt that all the blood in his body was suddenly sucked to his brain. His brain buzzed, followed by continuous tinnitus. His love for his daughter made him want to immediately chase after the person, force the person to stop, and ask what was going on.

After calming down a little, Su Weimin stepped on the accelerator to catch up. At the same time, he took out the car's phone and reported the license plate number of the Benz car. He asked if anyone from the traffic police department knew this Jinling Benz car.

There was only one thought in Su Weimin's mind: If it was really a rich and powerful person who wanted his daughter, no matter how powerful he was, he would never let him go!

— — — —