Chapter 663

After the incident with Cai Zhizhi, Su Yingxue stayed in Yucheng Garden for two consecutive nights. These days, she had been addicted to the feeling of sleeping in Li Mu's arms. Once she tasted it, she was a little addicted.

However, Li Mu didn't take the opportunity to do anything inappropriate at this time. After all, Su Yingxue seemed to be fine on the surface, but she was still traumatized by the car accident. She even called Cai Zhizhi's name in her sleep several times.

Zhang Guorong and Mei Yanfang left with Dong Ai and 3321's team members. They went to the remote Yungui Mountain area and began their journey as student ambassadors. Mo Wenwei also prepared to go to Xiangdu to participate in the recording of "Happy Camp". It just so happened that Su Yingxue had to go back to her aunt's house to help Wang Xinran prepare for the last few days. Therefore, Li Mu sent her back to Yuehua's house and prepared to fly to Xiangdu with Mo Wenwei.

After booking the plane tickets, Li Mu called Chen Wan and told her that he was going to Xiangdu.

Chen Wan cheered happily on the other end of the phone for half a minute, then she hurriedly asked Li Mu's flight number and said, "I have nothing to do in the afternoon, I will pick you up at the airport!"

Li Mu told her his flight number and then said, "I should arrive at Xiangdu at 3: 30 in the afternoon."

Chen Wan said, "Just in time, after I pick you up, you can rest for a while. I will take you to eat delicious food tonight."

Li Mu laughed and said, "Then this time I'm going to eat a lot from you."

Chen Wan said, "I will pay for your food and accommodation!

It just so happens that I bought a well-decorated apartment in Xiangdu. You can live here directly. "

"That's good." Li Mu said, "With you here, I don't have to worry about food and accommodation."

Then, Li Mu said, "By the way, help me arrange a meeting with your station leader tomorrow night."

"There won't be any problems tomorrow night, don't worry."

Chen Wan had already reported to the leaders that Li Mu would be coming over to discuss the collaboration. The station leaders also took it very seriously and had already indicated that Li Mu could come over to discuss at any time. Setting up a time was not a problem.

Chen Wan then asked him, "When are you going back?"

Li Mu said, "Let's meet tomorrow night. Whether or not the conversation goes well, I have to come back the day after tomorrow."

Liu Xiaodong had already made an appointment with Li Mu in advance. These days, the logistics company had made great progress. He summarized some personnel information and other information and was ready to report to Li Mu face-to-face. Li Mu would make the final decision. Li Mu had made an appointment with him to meet on Taobao the day after tomorrow for a detailed discussion.

Chen Wan was a little disappointed and said, "I thought you could stay for a few more days. After I finish recording Mo Wenwei's show, I can take you to Xiangdu to have fun for a few days."

Li Mu said helplessly, "I also want to, but there are too many things on hand."

"I know you are busy."

Chen Wan said, "It just so happens that Mo Wenwei will arrive tomorrow. We will enter the studio in the morning the day after tomorrow. This time, we will only record one episode of the program. If it's fast, we can finish before dinner. If we finish early in the evening, I will accompany you to meet the station leaders. If we can't make it, you can talk to them by yourself.

… …

Li Mu boarded the flight from Yanjing to Xiangdu with Mo Wenwei, who was wearing a mask and sunglasses. After the plane arrived in Xiangdu, Li Mu said goodbye to Mo Wenwei first. The staff of Xiangnan Satellite TV were ready to pick him up. Li Mu did not tell them his specific itinerary. Xiangnan Satellite TV did not know that he and Mo Wenwei arrived together, and Chen Wan drove to pick him up, so he did not want to go with Mo Wenwei, so as not to attract unnecessary attention.

Li Mu did not choose the VIP passage, but deliberately chose the ordinary passage. When he walked out of the airport exit, Mo Wenwei happened to come out of the VIP passage with her agent. The media reporters and fans who had been waiting for a long time suddenly swarmed around her.

Because of Li Mu's help, Mo Wenwei's fame in the Mainland is rising. After the news that she came to Xiangdu to participate in the fast game spread, a large number of Xiangdu fans rushed to the airport to pick her up. The scene was even spectacular.

Not long after Li Mu passed by the crowd and left the airport, he saw Chen Wan, who was also wearing a mask and sunglasses. At present, Chen Wan is also the top female host in the country. She also needs a full set of sunglasses and a mask to go in and out of public places. Otherwise, wherever she goes, she will cause a lot of trouble.

However, even though Chen Wan was wearing a mask and sunglasses, Li Mu still recognized her at a glance. He quickly walked in front of her, smiled and teased, "I haven't seen you for a few days, and you have become more beautiful."

Chen Wan smiled shyly, "Don't talk nonsense. Hurry up, don't be recognized by my colleagues." After that, she naturally held Li Mu's arm with both hands, and the two of them went out of the airport together.

In the parking lot, Chen Wan took Li Mu to sit in a black Accord with a local license plate. Seeing that the car was brand new and had not run for thousands of kilometers, Li Mu asked her curiously, "You bought a new car?"

Chen Wan nodded, "I bought it for two months. I use it here in Xiangdu."

Li Mu said, "Why did you buy this car?

It doesn't suit you. "

"Low-key."

Chen Wan said, "There are too many people driving this car, and they are all men over 30 years old. In this way, I will not be noticed when I drive it."

Li Mu shrugged and said with a smile, "That makes sense."

Chen Wan drove out of the parking lot and headed to the city. On the way, she chatted with Li Mu, and the topic slowly turned to YY portal. Chen Wan said, "YY website is developing very quickly. It has only been a few days since it was launched, and now it is very famous. Even the leaders of our station are paying attention to it every day. From the station leader to the program director, the person they want to see the most is you."

Li Mu said, "Isn't this borrowing power to fight power? There are a lot of YY users, and the conversion rate of the pop-up window is high, so it is easier to promote."

Chen Wan said, "During the meeting two days ago, the station leader said that the entertainment information of YY website is very good. He said that the way you followed and reported on Zhang Guorong, Mei Yanfang, and Mo Wenwei is impossible for traditional print and television media to achieve. He said that he wants to have a deep cooperation with you."

Li Mu said with a smile, "Deep cooperation. Isn't that why I came here!"

Chen Wan asked him, "Did you come to Xiangdu just for cooperation?"

Seeing a little dissatisfaction in her eyes, Li Mu hurriedly said, "How is that possible? I still want to see you."

Only then did Chen Wan say with satisfaction, "At least you know how to talk. I haven't missed you in vain."

Chen Wan was naturally happy that Li Mu came to Xiangdu. Not only was she happy in her heart, but she was also prepared for action.

Li Mu followed Chen Wan to her newly bought hardcover apartment. Her apartment area is about 100 square meters, but because it is a two-bedroom apartment, the overall feeling of the house is very spacious. In Li Mu's impression, Xiangnan Satellite TV has prepared a single apartment for him. He doesn't know why she bought one for herself. However, Chen Wan's current income is very high, and the key is that her family conditions are also extraordinary. It's just a drizzle for her to buy a house in Xiangdu.

As soon as he arrived at her home, Li Mu was surprised to find that Chen Wan not only prepared a bedroom for him, but also bought new slippers, teacups, towels, bath towels, toothbrushes and other daily necessities for him.

Li Mu was surprised by Chen Wan's preparations for him. Chen Wan saw Li Mu's surprise. She smiled and took Li Mu into the bedroom reserved for him, opened the bedroom's sliding door and wardrobe, and saw a wardrobe full of men's clothes.

Li Mu was stunned. Chen Wan said softly, "Sometimes when I go shopping, I see men's clothes I like and buy them according to your figure. I thought I would give them to you in the future, so I slowly saved up so many. Anyway, I've already thought about it. This bedroom will be reserved for you. No matter when you come to Xiangdu, this is your home in Xiangdu. You can come empty-handed at any time. I've prepared the rest for you."

After listening, Li Mu was touched.

In Li Mu's heart, Chen Wan's position was the same as Su Yingxue's. They were both especially important and special. Su Yingxue was the love of his two lives. In his previous life, she was out of his reach, but in this life, she became his girlfriend. To a certain extent, she was the best proof of his existence after his rebirth. As for Chen Wan, she was the first person he met after his rebirth, and other than his mother, she was the only woman who treated him so well in both lives. In his previous life, she silently supported him through university, and in this life, she took care of him meticulously. She even confessed to him after drinking. Putting all these aside, when he was with her, Li Mu could always find a special kind of warmth and peace in his heart. Chen Wan, who was three years older than him, was like a harbor for his soul.

To Li Mu, no matter if it was Chen Wan, Su Yingxue, or Zhao Ziqiu, all three of them were his true loves. Sometimes, he would feel ashamed of his fickleness, and he would also feel guilty towards Su Yingxue because of his relationship with Zhao Ziqiu. But when he calmed down and thought about it, he didn't want to let down Su Yingxue, but he also didn't want to hurt Zhao Ziqiu. The only thing he could do now was to be entangled with the two of them, and to keep Zhao Ziqiu in the dark.

Every time he felt conflicted and blamed himself for these two girls, Chen Wan's face would always appear in the depths of his heart. He had called her sister for such a long time, but the more he called her, the more he loved her. Fortunately, Chen Wan had the same feelings for him. Otherwise, Li Mu really didn't know how he would stand in the perspective of a "younger brother" one day, watching her fall in love, watching her get married. That kind of feeling would definitely be especially painful.

In Li Mu's subconscious, he often felt that his feelings were like a piece of fallen leaf drifting with the wind in autumn. It could sway and dance in the wind, it could also mix with others of the same kind, it could be turned into mud, or it could be burned by a raging fire. But to him, the home of his feelings the most was to be sandwiched in the middle of a fragrant book for a long time, plain, fresh, harmonious, and lasting …

Su Yingxue wasn't that book, and neither was Zhao Ziqiu. Only Chen Wan was.