Chapter 1224

Li Mu's unhesitant refusal made Paul Keane finally realize that he was in big trouble this time.

When he was acting tough in front of Li Mu, Li Mu had given him a hint that with Paul Keane's strength, he was not qualified to act tough in front of Li Mu. The difference between him and Li Mu was more than one level, but he insisted on acting tough. He didn't expect that Li Mu's slight response would bring him so much trouble.

Moreover, Paul Keane also realized that he really underestimated the temper of Li Mu, the young man from Hua Xia. Because of his high social status in the United States, the Hua Xia people he came into contact with were overly modest and easy-going. They were so easy-going that people thought they had no temper. But after acting tough in front of Li Mu, he realized that Li Mu was completely different from the Hua Xia people he had come into contact with. Li Mu was a warmonger like a honey badger. Whoever provoked him, he would not let go.

Paul Keane knew that there was no way to solve the problem on Li Mu's side, so he quickly prepared to deal with it. How could the perfect image he had painstakingly built for his son for more than ten years withstand such a large-scale bombardment of public opinion? This was like a nuclear bomb. Not only did it have a huge instantaneous impact, but it would also leave an almost permanent radiation impact.

If he didn't find a way to stop the spread and ferment of public opinion, the name James Keane would soon become a stinking name in the streets of the United States. Once his reputation collapsed, he would have no chance to be the heir.

The first thing Paul Keane did was to call all the people in charge of the media related to the family and told them not to release any related news. At the same time, they should be ready to help him fight back against public opinion at any time.

However, every media related to the Keane family maintained the same statement: they could not release any related news for the time being, but this time limit was very short. They could not even do it for 24 hours. Once it was necessary, they would directly release related news.

As for the request to help him fight back against public opinion, all the media outlets clearly rejected it. No one was willing to go against Li Mu, the entire American society, and the mainstream media for him. Not expressing their stance for the time being was the best they could do.

Paul Keane anxiously busied himself for an entire night. He made countless phone calls, but he couldn't solve any substantial problems at all. The speed of the spread of public opinion didn't slow down. James Keane's infamy grew, and the public opinion continued to ferment. That unstoppable momentum was like a speeding, heavy-duty train.

After suffering for an entire night, Paul Keane did not dare to let the public opinion continue to develop like this, so he could only choose to ask his family for help.

However, it was not easy to ask for help from the family.

Although Li Mu's appearance was like a powerful computer virus that invaded the Keane family's system that had been running for a hundred years, it didn't make the entire Keane family enter a state of emergency to defend against foreign enemies.

This system didn't follow the founder's settings to resist the invasion of external viruses. Instead, when a foreign enemy invaded, two sets of completely different coping strategies were developed internally.

One coping strategy was centered around Paul Keane, hoping that the entire Keane family could work together to help James cope with this crisis.

The other coping strategy was centered around the eldest son, Todd, and the third son, Edward. They hoped that through the invasion of Li Mu, James would be replaced from the core position of the heir.

Humans were such a group. Even if there was only one person, there would be many thoughts entangling and attacking each other in the depths of their hearts, not to mention a group of more than one person. The possibility of everyone being united against a common enemy was almost zero.

When Todd received Paul's call for help, he only left him a cold sentence, "Within 24 hours, if you can't solve this matter, the family will deal with you!"

Paul knew his brother very well. A typical person didn't say much. If he said 24 hours, then he must only have 24 hours. If he said the family would deal with him, then his end would be very ugly.

Paul understood that this crisis could only be handled by himself.

Therefore, he anxiously found an old friend who was very good at media and public relations, and asked him to help him write a weighty article as soon as possible to refute the content of Li Mu's article. At that time, he would use the family's media resources to launch a counterattack against Li Mu.

The other party already knew the ins and outs of the matter. He only asked Paul Keane, "What do I use to refute Li Mu's accusations?

James tried to control 3321, and you blocked Li Mu's private plane and threatened Li Mu are all facts. If you want to fight back against him, you must have enough supporting arguments. Otherwise, this kind of weak refutation will only make things worse. "

Paul Keane suddenly fell into a daze.

What about refuting Li Mu's article?

Saying that he lied, framed, and slandered him?

But he had no evidence to support this argument.

Then he changed his approach and defended his son, saying that he didn't try to control 3321 and fish for fame like Li Mu said.

If he couldn't refute it, then he could only explain.

So Paul Keane said his own solution and said, "Our whole argument is to let everyone believe that all this is just a misunderstanding!"

The other party's thinking logic was more rigorous than Paul's. He thought about it and said seriously, "Paul, this will be contradictory."

"What is contradictory?"

Paul Keane said in surprise, "Just say that Li Mu misunderstood. James isn't what he thinks he is. The reason why James values 3321 so much is because he really wants to make some contributions to the American students through 3321 USA!"

The other party smiled helplessly and said, "Paul, you and I are both good friends. I will say something directly."

"Just say it."

The other party paused and then said seriously, "At this time, you still want to kill two birds with one stone. Not only do you want to clear your son's responsibility, but you also want to re-establish a positive image for your son. Let's not talk about whether the people will accept it. Your approach must be a second provocation in the eyes of Li Mu. Do you know how he will fight back at that time?"

Paul Keane was speechless for a moment. The other party said very seriously, "Paul, first of all, you have to understand the current situation. Now Li Mu launched an attack. What you have to do now is not to resist and counterattack, because you are not an opponent of Li Mu at all. Li Mu's ability to project is unmatched by many people in the United States. I believe that in the presidential election next year, Li Mu will become the target of competition between the two major parties. How can you fight back against such a person?

What do you use to fight back? "

These words caused Paul Keane to shudder.

Only then did he realize that he had been underestimating the strength and influence of Li Mu. When it was really time to fight, he realized how strong the other party was, so strong that he had no way to fight back at all.

At this time, the other party said something else, which made Paul Keane feel like he had fallen into an ice cellar.

"Paul, one more thing, don't forget. When you stopped Li Mu's plane, you brought a senator with you, but Li Mu didn't mention anything about the senator. It can be seen that Li Mu is extremely smart and has a very accurate judgment of the situation. He only wants to target you now, but at the same time, he doesn't want to get involved in American politics, so he didn't mention the senator. If you further anger him, he will definitely expose the senator. If people in the United States know that you can actually manipulate the senator to support you, then I am afraid that the Keane family will be dragged into the abyss by you!"

Senator …

At the thought of this, Paul Keane's back was instantly soaked with cold sweat.

At this time, he realized how stupid he was. In order to show off in front of Li Mu, he actually took the senator to stop Li Mu's plane. The American people were extremely sensitive to the use of public power. If Li Mu really exposed this matter, not only would he be finished, but the Keane family would also be finished.

In an instant, Paul Keane completely gave up the idea of confronting Li Mu head-on. He said with fear, "Then this is absolutely not feasible. How about we change to a softer way and not confront Li Mu directly? We just explain that James actually did not have such an intention. This is just some kind of misunderstanding. Is that okay?"

The other party sighed and said, "Paul, your statement is illogical. The people will not accept it. What you have to do now is not just to defend James, but to let the people believe what you say. Otherwise, everything will be counterproductive."

Paul Keane said, "I'm just explaining that this is a misunderstanding. Is there a problem with that?"

"Of course there is a problem!"

The other party said seriously, "Because if according to normal logic, assuming that his son really did not have any bad intentions towards 3321, then even if he was kicked out of the project by Li Mu, there was no need for him to take it to heart. Since his son would not take it to heart, then this matter should have been stopped long ago after Li Mu kicked him out of 3321. Then how do you explain your motive for stopping Li Mu's plane?

Isn't this contradictory? "

"I …" Paul Keane realized that stopping Li Mu's plane was the stupidest thing he had ever done in his life.

At the moment, all possibilities were blocked, and there was also the senator, a nuclear bomb that could explode at any time. Paul Keane suddenly had no idea. He could only ask the other party, "Johnson, do you have any good ideas or suggestions?"

The other party thought for a moment and said, "In my opinion, there is only one solution to this matter, that is, between you and your son, only one can be saved, and the other must stand up and admit all the accusations of Li Mu, and to be honest, between you and your son, you are the most suitable to stand up and bear everything."

Paul Keane asked subconsciously, "Why?"

The other party said, "Because the person who escalated the incident was you. Li Mu kicked James out of 3321, and James himself did not make any response, which is more advantageous for James. You stopped Li Mu's plane and threatened Li Mu. This fact cannot be denied, so the best solution to this matter is for you to stand up and admit your mistake and apologize, and then use the excuse of 'misunderstanding' to absolve James."