Chapter 234

Lin Lin's words made Li Mu extremely surprised.

Babyface was a real existence in the future, and Lin Lin said that it was a name she gave to a childhood friend. It was highly likely that Babyface in the future was created by Lin Lin's childhood friend.

He had heard of it and played on Babyface before, so he thought of the name. He didn't expect to meet the owner.

The others present were also very surprised. Li Mu thought of a club name, and Lin Lin had thought of it before. Wasn't this a bit too much of a coincidence?

Only Li Mu knew that Lin Lin was the one who used the name for the nightclub.

At this time, Lin Lin strongly opposed the use of the name Babyface, so the others didn't say much. They all urged Li Mu to think of another name.

Li Mu sweated in his heart. He thought of a popular song by Maroon 5, "Sugar." It was directly translated as sugar. It was often used by men to describe women, and it had a meaning similar to "dear" or "baby."

SugarClub should be relatively easy to pronounce.

When Li Mu said the name, Lin Lin was the first to nod in agreement, "The name Sugar is also very good. It's very intimate to women, and it's also very catchy."

The others also nodded. Only Fatty Wang asked what Sugar meant. After Lin Lin taught him a word lesson, he immediately nodded in agreement.

Fatty Wang said that the total investment of SugarClub would be controlled at about five million. Everyone would contribute proportionally according to the total investment of five million. If the final cost exceeded, Fatty Wang would pay for it first, and then deduct it from the future profits. The interest would be calculated according to the bank loan interest rate for Fatty Wang.

Everyone had no objections. In fact, except for Li Mu and Lin Lin, the other five knew that the investment of this SugarClub was currently no less than seven million. They had also reached an agreement in private that the difference of four hundred thousand between Li Mu and Lin Lin would be divided among them.

Originally, Chen Ze pulled Li Mu and Lin Lin in not because he wanted them to pay, but because he wanted them to join him.

After confirming the investment amount, Fatty Wang gave a time node. He would sign the contract with the site owner tomorrow, and then ask the design company to come up with a design plan. At that time, they would discuss the plan together. If the plan was confirmed, they would start the construction immediately.

Based on the overall timeline, it would be after the Lunar New Year.

After eating and chatting, they walked out of the restaurant together. Chen Ze wanted to send Li Mu to the car first. When he saw the front of Li Mu's car, he asked in surprise, "Did the car crash?"

Li Mu nodded and glanced at Lin Lin beside him. Seeing that her expression was the same as usual, he lightly said, "There was a series of rear-end collisions on the road. I couldn't avoid it."

Chen Ze looked at the injuries and said, "It's not a big problem, as long as he's fine."

Li Mu smiled. "Then I'll leave first. Call me if you need anything."

Beside him, Hui Ka Ming said, "I'll call you as soon as I've settled the bank matters tomorrow."

"Okay." Li Mu nodded and said, "Then I'll wait for your news."

Lin Lin squinted at Li Mu and said in an obedient tone, "Be careful on the road, don't hurt others and yourself."

Li Mu nodded and said, "I got full marks for the traffic rules, don't worry."

Lin Lin was instantly annoyed and didn't reply. Instead, she said to Chen Ze, "Is it convenient for you to give me a ride?"

Chen Ze said, "Sure, where are you going?"

"Home!"

Li Mu bid farewell to them and drove his GL8, which had been hit from the front to the back, back to Yucheng Garden.

…

It had to be said that Hui Ka Ming was very good at networking. At noon the next day, he called Li Mu and said that he had an appointment with the regional branch presidents of the four major banks. They would meet at his company in the afternoon to talk about Li Mu's online payment business.

Upon receiving the call, Li Mu was delighted. The regional branch presidents of the four major banks had far exceeded the level of connections he needed for this matter. However, with this, the matter of Alipay would be more stable.

Li Mu had already registered an Alipay company with a scalper. The name was Beijing Alipay Network Technology Co., Ltd. Kong Lingyu had also developed the front and back of Alipay's website and security controls. Now, they were in the process of testing the program. The only thing that was missing was the interface with the bank.

Once the bank interface was opened, Alipay would have its own online payment business qualification. Users would be able to pay Alipay through the online banking of the four major banks. The primary goal of Alipay would be achieved.

Unable to suppress the excitement in his heart, Li Mu took a taxi to Hui Ka Ming's company. Hui Ka Ming's company was located in Zhongguancun, only two to three kilometers away from Makino Technology. It was the first time that Li Mu came to Hui Ka Ming's company. The company was called Mingcheng Capital. One look at the name and one could tell that it was an investment bank.

Hui Ka Ming's company wasn't big. The total office space was only about three hundred square meters. Today was Saturday, and there was only one receptionist at the office. After Li Mu told her his name and purpose of coming, she hurriedly brought Li Mu to Hui Ka Ming's office.

Hui Ka Ming was fiddling with the tea set in front of the tea table. When he saw Li Mu coming in, he was a little surprised at first. He smiled and said, "We agreed to meet at three o 'clock. Why are you here so early? Just in time, come and have some tea."

Li Mu looked at the time. It was only a little over two o 'clock. He smiled and said, "I don't have anything to do, so I came over first."

He sat opposite Hui Ka Ming. Hui Ka Ming skillfully brewed the Kung Fu Tea. After fiddling with it for a long time, he finally made a small pot. He poured a cup for Li Mu and said with a smile, "Have a taste of my cooking."

Li Mu smiled and said, "I don't know much about tea. I'm afraid that it will be a waste of God's gift."

Hui Ka Ming waved his hand and said, "Actually, there isn't much to pay attention to when it comes to drinking tea. The reason why there are so many procedures and rules is actually to relax the mind. I can't say much about other things, but at least it will make one feel much calmer. As for drinking tea, it doesn't matter. At least that's what I think."

Li Mu nodded his head and took a sip from the pocket-sized teacup. It was a little bitter, but the aroma was very strong. When it entered his stomach, it gave him a refreshing and natural feeling. During the tea, the two of them chatted.

Hui Ka Ming was very curious about Li Mu's understanding of the Internet. He asked Li Mu about the future development of the Internet. Li Mu only briefly mentioned that he was more optimistic about social media and games. Li Mu did not mention e-commerce. Currently, there was basically no mature e-commerce model in China. Moreover, the information exchange channels were relatively closed. Under normal circumstances, those who knew about e-commerce had basically been overseas.

In fact, many concepts of the Internet were introduced from overseas. In this era of the Internet, those who were the first to introduce a model had a higher success rate. For example, the founder of Baidu came back from Silicon Valley and brought the concept of search engine back to China. It was the same for the founder of Alibaba. He went to the United States and stayed there for a period of time. After reading a few books about the Internet and e-commerce, he came back and quit his job to establish Alibaba.

When Hui Ka Ming heard Li Mu talking about social media and games, he looked at Li Mu doubtfully and asked him, "The Tieba forum created by Makino Technology is just a community. It is still different from social media and games."

Li Mu nodded his head and smiled. "Everything has a process of continuous transformation. The biggest problem with social media is the users' preconceived ideas. Now, Tencent has tens of millions of users, and the highest number of users online at the same time is more than a million. Users have accumulated a considerable network and circle of friends through their products. If I develop a social media product, the users will realize that they can't transfer their network over. It is not realistic for them to transfer their network bit by bit. This is because their network and friends are also individual users. Everyone has their own ideas and thinking. If you want to transfer them from Tencent's product to another product, it will be very difficult for them to compromise."

Hui Ka Ming said in surprise, "Then no one can beat Tencent in social media?"

"Of course not."

Li Mu smiled and said, "If Tencent is given another 10 years, what you said is probably right. But it is different now. Although Tencent has the upper hand, it is not fully fledged yet. Its only advantage now is the accumulation of users. But once someone can beat it in this aspect, it will be easy to replace it."

Hui Ka Ming was secretly surprised when he saw Li Mu's confident look. He was also speculating about the future development of Makino Technology. Now it seems that Li Mu definitely has the ambition to do social media. But how will he complete the transition from Tieba to social media?

Although he was curious, Hui Ka Ming did not ask further. He just looked forward to investing in Makino Technology.

At about 2: 40pm, a middle-aged man in his forties was brought in by the receptionist. As soon as he entered, he reached out his hands to shake Hui Ka Ming's hand. It was obvious that he respected Hui Ka Ming, who was more than 10 years younger than him.

Hui Ka Ming introduced this man to Li Mu. He was the president of the ICBC District Branch, Chen Gang.

Chen Gang looked at Li Mu and felt that he looked familiar, but he could not remember where he had seen him. Hui Ka Ming introduced, "President Chen, this is my friend, Li Mu."

"Li Mu …" Chen Gang suddenly realized and said, "Aiya, a few days ago, I saw your special topic on the talk show. Project 3321 is really impressive!"

Li Mu smiled humbly. The bank was also a department in the system. As a leader in the system, he would pay more attention to political news than ordinary people. In the past few years, Chen Gang would read the newspaper, watch the news, and talk show every day. Therefore, he had an impression of Li Mu. It was just that he did not immediately connect him to the program.

When Chen Gang received the call from Hui Ka Ming, he thought that it was him looking for him. However, recently, the highly sought after Li Mu appeared in his office. Chen Gang suddenly felt that the real reason why Hui Ka Ming was looking for him was related to Li Mu.

If Li Mu wanted to get resources from the bank, it would be a good thing for him. As long as he could build a relationship with Project 3321, he would be able to create a positive image in front of the public.