Chapter 1056

YY had undoubtedly become an epoch-making super product. Its user growth rate in the United States and around the world was frightening.

Ordinary users were obsessed with YY, the elite class worshiped YY, and the practitioners were flustered because of YY. However, the most flustered were the capitalists in the United States.

The venture capital investors in Silicon Valley and Wall Street who had discussed the first round of financing with Makino Technology were now regretting their decision. Through the rapid development of YY, they finally saw the development potential of Makino Technology.

Not long ago, Li Mu offered 17 billion US dollars for Makino Technology. Now, because of the rapid increase in users, the valuation also soared.

Up until now, the venture capital investors had re-evaluated the valuation of Makino Technology. The result was that the current valuation of Makino Technology had steadily stood at the level of 20 billion US dollars. A super product had been born.

Sequoia's evaluation director's previous estimate of Makino Technology was more radical than the industry's estimate. They had already taken into account the explosive situation of YY and gave a comprehensive valuation of up to 22 billion US dollars. Now, based on the current development of YY, 22 billion US dollars should not be a problem.

Realizing the speed of Makino Technology's development, Sequoia's board of directors made a decision: This time, they could not miss out on Makino Technology no matter what. Moreover, Sequoia must fully learn from the previous failure and must not be in a stalemate on the price for too long.

Makino Technology's development was so fast that the future valuation would also be very fast. Sequoia finally understood that if they had the opportunity to invest in the C series of Makino Technology, then Sequoia would basically be the last financing before Makino Technology went public. At this time, it did not matter even if they entered with a higher valuation because they would definitely get a higher return in the stock market!

That was what they really needed to pay attention to!

Therefore, Sequoia decided to change their way of thinking and use the most sincere way to request a second financing negotiation with Li Mu.

However, when Sequoia decided to renegotiate with Li Mu with a valuation of 22 billion US dollars, they were told that Li Mu had already taken a plane to Cambridge, Massachusetts that day.

At this time, Li Mu was sitting on a flight to Boston, the capital of Massachusetts. He could not contain the excitement in his heart.

Li Mu could not wait to go to Cambridge, to embrace Harvard, to embrace Mark Zuckerberg!

Especially Mark Zuckerberg. Li Mu knew that it was too difficult and tiring to successfully operate a super product. He had deeply experienced this through the operation of YY. Therefore, he must continue to recruit talents for his subordinates. He wanted to recruit those super experts who could fully carry out the global operation of a super product.

Liu Shixiong was a super expert in the field of e-commerce, Lei Jianguo was a super expert in the field of mobile phones and marketing, and Mark Zuckerberg was able to lead Facebook to become a super giant with a market value of more than 400 billion US dollars. The trading ability behind this was almost among the best in the world.

It was really because Mark Zuckerberg was too amazing. Therefore, when Li Mu first started the business, he thought that he must win him over. However, he did not expect that this kid would walk into the trap. Therefore, during this trip to Harvard, Li Mu had already thought about it. No matter what, he had to win him over.

…

It was three o 'clock in the afternoon when Li Mu's plane arrived in Boston. Cambridge, where Harvard was located, was next to Boston. After getting off the plane in Boston, they could reach Harvard University in half an hour's drive.

Li Mu originally planned to stay in a five-star hotel in Boston after arriving in Boston today and rest for the night. He would go directly to Harvard University tomorrow morning to meet with the school leaders, go through the formalities, and then give a speech at Harvard. After that, he could return to Silicon Valley to wait for the financing. However, because of his previous series of big moves against "Paradise Town" and YY, he was now not only attracting attention in the United States, but also in China.

For the people in China, Li Mu was now even more popular than the Olympic athletes who went abroad to compete during the Olympics. Both were winning glory for the country, but Li Mu used another method that the people of Hua Xia had never seen before.

The people of Hua Xia were too eager to be recognized and respected by the world. However, in terms of enterprises, before Li Mu, there was no enterprise in Hua Xia that could have such a great influence in the American market. Therefore, every compatriot of Hua Xia was always paying attention to Li Mu's every move in the United States.

This time, Li Mu had been invited to Harvard to give a speech. The relevant news had already been broadcast in China. The domestic audience was particularly concerned about Li Mu's speech at Harvard. It was said that a large number of users on the domestic Internet were discussing what Li Mu would say to the students of the top universities in the United States.

In fact, Li Mu was not the first Chinese entrepreneur to be invited to Harvard to give a speech. As early as the last century, Haier Group's Zhang Ruimin had once given a speech at Harvard University. Moreover, according to history, if Li Mu had not been reborn, Boss Ma should have been invited to Harvard to give a speech last year or this year. Regarding that speech, Li Mu had not seen the relevant video material. However, in another video of Boss Ma's speech, he saw Boss Ma narrate some clever stories about his speech at Harvard.

However, since he founded Taobao and deviated the rhythm of Alibaba's bar, Boss Ma's development path had undergone a huge change. He did not get the opportunity to give a speech at Harvard now, and he was afraid that he would not have such an opportunity in the future.

When the plane landed, many administrators of Harvard University had been waiting at the airport with the young Mark Zuckerberg for a long time.

The young Mark Zuckerberg was excited and nervous at the moment.

He was excited because he was about to see his most admired idol, Li Mu, who was only less than two years older than him. Anyone who was about to face their biggest idol would be extremely excited.

As for the nervousness, it was entirely because of Mark Zuckerberg's guilty conscience.

He first lied about his family working at Makino Technology to deceive the school, and then he used the school's invitation to convince Li Mu. If Li Mu came, his lie was likely to be exposed, and he did not know how the school would deal with him.

The staff of Harvard University were particularly excited at the moment. There was no doubt that Li Mu was now the target of the elite and capital in the United States. The influence of YY in the United States was rising rapidly. At this time, one could imagine how popular Li Mu was. However, he actually agreed to give a speech at Harvard at such a critical time. This in itself was a manifestation of extreme respect for Harvard, so Harvard attached great importance to Li Mu's visit this time.

Among the Harvard administrators who came to pick up the plane, the person with the highest position was David Allen, the vice president of the Harvard Board of Directors. His actual position in the management of Harvard University could be ranked in the top three.

In addition to David Allen, there were several members of the Harvard Board of Directors among the management. Harvard University was quite thoughtful. They knew that Li Mu majored in finance at Renmin University in Hua Xia, and he was an entrepreneur worth tens of billions of dollars. Therefore, they specifically catered to his interests and arranged for the dean of Harvard Business School to come to pick up the plane.

For the Harvard Board of Directors, although Li Mu was an extremely rare young talent, he was not someone they needed to take the initiative to curry favor with. However, the biggest reason why they gave such high attention to him was because they wanted to return the favor. It was a way to repay Li Mu for choosing to visit Harvard at this time.

When the plane stopped on the covered bridge, Li Mu and several of his entourage came out together. The group of people from Harvard immediately recognized him. They did not even have time to use the Chinese characters "Li Mu" that they had prepared. This was because they were too familiar with Li Mu's appearance. Even if they had not met him before, they had seen a lot of relevant images and information.

Li Mu also recognized the group of people from Harvard at a glance. The reason was because he saw the nervous and immature Mark Zuckerberg.

David Allen was very excited and shook hands with Li Mu for a long time. On behalf of the Harvard Board of Directors and the committee, he welcomed Li Mu for a long time. After that, he began to introduce the people who came with him to pick up the plane.

It was also the first time that Li Mu met the dean of Harvard Business School, the little white old man named Martin Goodman.

After David Allen introduced everyone, he finally introduced the young Mark Zuckerberg to Li Mu. At this moment, David Allen did not know that Mark Zuckerberg and Li Mu had no relationship at all. Mark Zuckerberg did not have any relatives working in Makino Technology. He thought that everything Mark Zuckerberg said before was 100% true. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to get a living Li Mu to stand in front of him.

David Allen patted Mark Zuckerberg on the shoulder and said to Li Mu with a smile, "This is Mark Zuckerberg, who sent you an invitation on behalf of Harvard. He is a freshman at Harvard this year. If it weren't for his relatives working in Makino Technology, I'm afraid it would be difficult for Harvard to invite you to give a speech at our school in such a short time."

Li Mu was a little stunned at first. He looked at Mark Zuckerberg. The young man's expression was a little stiff at the moment, and his face was full of nervousness and uneasiness.

Li Mu's mind spun quickly. After thinking for a while, he roughly guessed what was going on. He put away the surprise in his heart and took the initiative to reach out to Mark Zuckerberg. "Thank you for your efforts. You helped me build this bridge between Harvard University and me."

At this moment, Li Mu's eyes turned wet. When David Allen said those words, he was afraid that Li Mu would question him. If that happened, he would immediately expose himself. However, he did not expect that not only did Li Mu not question him, but he also took the initiative to shake hands with him and thank him. Although Li Mu knew that he had lied about this matter, he did not pursue it or expose it at all. He even helped him cover up his lie …

Li Mu's generosity touched the young Mark Zuckerberg's heart …

…