Chapter 545

Li Mu had already prepared a small trap to prevent the official stores from being approved.

When he started Taobao, he already had a clear consideration. The C2C part was free, but the B2C part was different. He could provide the best development environment for those online store owners and individual sellers for free. But for these brand companies, they could sell things on Taobao, but they could not open official flagship stores or official exclusive stores in any form. If they wanted to open official stores and get certified by Taobao, they had to meet Li Mu's requirements.

Liu Xiaodong guessed that Li Mu's purpose of not letting go of the official store registration was to set conditions for these companies to enter, but he was not too sure what the conditions were. Li Mu had not given a clear answer. Now that there were more and more companies applying for official stores, Liu Xiaodong could not wait any longer.

Li Mu heard that Du Wei would be busy filming until night, so he did not disturb her. He directly drove to Taobao to meet Liu Xiaodong.

As soon as they met, Liu Xiaodong told Li Mu about the company's application for stores. After reporting the situation, he could not help but ask Li Mu, "When are we going to open the official store registration applications?"

Li Mu said, "It's definitely a good thing for companies to enter, but we have to set the tone from the beginning. Taobao is not a sales channel that is provided to companies for free. If companies want to sell goods on Taobao, they must pay a platform commission."

Liu Xiaodong nodded and said impatiently, "We can charge a commission, but the key is how to charge it. You have to set a standard."

Li Mu said, "What I'm thinking is to divide the joining companies into three levels: A, B, and C.

A level official store must be one of the top 20 in the industry. If such a company joins, we will give them the title of official flagship store, include them in Taobao's brand street, and give them regular advertising spots on the homepage and YY window. They don't need to pay a deposit, they only need to pay 50,000 yuan a year for technical services. In addition, for all orders on Taobao, the platform will take 3% of the sales as channel fees, and the platform will deduct 2% of the channel fees for Alipay.

B level official stores must be a company with more than 50 physical stores or stalls offline. We will also give them the title of official flagship store, but we will not include them in the brand street in the initial stage. We will give them a small number of recommended spots on a regular basis. Before the store goes online, they must pay 100,000 yuan as a deposit and 50,000 yuan a year for technical services. the platform will increase the commission to 4%, and Alipay will remain 2%.

C level official stores don't need to have an offline store. As long as the other party is a duly registered company, they can establish their own brand on Taobao. The basic rights and benefits of such a store are the same as a B level store, but before the store goes online, they must pay 150,000 yuan as a deposit and 50,000 yuan for technical services. The platform will increase the commission to 4%, and Alipay will remain at 2%. "

Although Liu Xiaodong was a little surprised by the commission Li Mu requested, he could still keep up with Li Mu's pace of thinking. He knew why Li Mu treated small sellers differently from branded companies, so he said, "Isn't the commission a little too high?"

Li Mu waved his hand and said seriously, "To be honest, 3% to 5% of the platform's commission is not high. Compared with the online sales channel that we have provided to them that can radiate to the whole country, they will accept even 10% of the commission. However, the commission is too high, and it is easy for the opponents to take advantage of it. So we temporarily set this proportion and make flexible adjustments according to the market situation."

Li Mu was very worried about Boss Ma, who was far away in Hangzhou. Boss Ma was a very ambitious person, he had no doubt about that. Moreover, Boss Ma was an expert in products, models, capital, and relationships. Even if he cut him off a year in advance, who knew if Boss Ma would give up on C2C?

If not, then what kind of countermeasure would he come up with to mess with him?

If the commission he gave to the merchants was too high, then Boss Ma would definitely choose to go against him in the future, just like how he got rid of Yi Qu in the past.

However, Li Mu couldn't let the B2C segment be free just because he was afraid of him. Taobao also needed a profit model. C2C didn't have a profit point yet, so the real source of profit was B2C. That was why he set a platform commission that could be attacked or defended. If Boss Ma didn't interfere, it would be fine. But if he did, Li Mu would immediately fight him to the death.

Because Li Mu knew the history of Boss Ma and the products in his hands, he knew that Boss Ma was good at hiding his true intentions. He knew how to deal with things first, and he had always regarded him as the biggest enemy of the e-commerce industry.

Many examples could reflect the way Taobao did things. The most straightforward example was that although Taobao got rid of all the competitors in the name of permanently free of charge for sellers, real Taobao people knew that if they wanted to make money, they needed to invest in Taobao's promotion fees every year. Don't think that a good Taobao store would mean a steady stream of income. After Taobao's various algorithms were constantly adjusted, sellers with high credit had to invest a considerable amount of promotion funds. Otherwise, it would be easy to be frozen by the system's algorithm.

The promotion method was not only through direct advertisements that were calculated by the number of clicks, but also by the search weight ranking. These all had to be bought with money. A Taobao online store with an annual profit of five million would have to invest in Taobao on average if it was in a highly competitive industry like clothing. Although many people had been advocating how powerful Taobao's entrepreneurship was and how it could change lives and destiny, in fact, after the earliest golden stage, anyone who wanted to start Taobao would have to spend money first. Many young people took hundreds of thousands of yuan and prepared to do a big job in Taobao. In the end, they lost everything and were cruelly eliminated.

Li Mu didn't want to criticize Taobao's bidding promotion method, but he wanted to judge Boss Ma's style of doing things. For the sake of competition, he could give up everything on the surface, but after winning the competition, he would definitely take back everything he had given up with interest.

Liu Yidong didn't know about Li Mu's concerns. It was only out of respect and trust for Li Mu that he didn't raise any more opinions. He said, "Then I'll get someone to draft an official announcement today and send this plan back to them."

Liu Yidong was also an ambitious person. The reason why he was obedient to Li Mu was that his vision and potential had not been fully activated.

After deciding on the joining method of the official store with Li Mu, Liu Yidong suddenly thought of something and said to Li Mu, "By the way, there's a B2B company in Hangzhou. They've been communicating with Taobao's business for the past two days. They said that their boss wants to visit you in Yanjing. I wonder if you're interested?"

When Li Mu heard about Hangzhou and B2B, he was surprised and asked himself, "It can't be so coincidental, right?

Anything I want will come?

But right now, other than Alibaba, I really don't know who else is a B2B company in Hangzhou. "

So, Li Mu asked him, "What company is that?"

Liu Yidong said, "Alibaba, it's quite powerful in the B2B field. It's valued at hundreds of millions of dollars."

Li Mu chuckled. "Why does their CEO want to see me?"

Liu Yidong said, "I don't know. He probably wants to talk about cooperation. They're a B2B company, and we're a C2C company. I personally feel that if both sides share their resources, it'll be very promising. Their platform is full of small and medium-sized manufacturing companies, and their product sources are quite rich."

Li Mu said, "Help me reject him. I won't see him."

Liu Yidong asked curiously, "Why?

Isn't it good to meet him? "

Li Mu said, "I don't have time now. I'll be busy these two days, and I'll be going to Hong Kong in a few days."

Liu Yidong said, "But I really feel that the other party's business line is quite complementary to ours. Why don't you take some time to meet him and have a chat?

Anyway, the other party came to Yanjing to see you, and he doesn't want you to go to Hangzhou. You just need to take half an afternoon to meet him and have a chat over tea. "

When Li Mu saw that Liu Yidong was taking this matter very seriously, he knew that Liu Yidong must have taken a fancy to the small and medium-sized enterprise resources in Ali and wanted to find an opportunity to integrate them into Taobao. However, he did not understand Boss Ma. Would Boss Ma let you integrate his resources so easily?

Stop dreaming. If he came to your house with a bowl of water, it was definitely not to give you water to drink. He must have taken a fancy to the pressurized water well in your yard and wanted to use this bowl of water to draw more water.

However, on second thought, Li Mu felt that it was fine to meet Boss Ma at this time. Although his eloquence was the best in the country, Li Mu would definitely not be bewitched by him. If he could get some information related to Ali's future strategy from him, it would be good for him. After all, he was a legendary figure in the Internet field in his previous life. Meeting him would give him a sense of accomplishment. It was too difficult to meet him in his previous life. In this life, he had taken the initiative to get close to him, so he should give him a chance.

After thinking this through, Li Mu said to Liu Yidong, "Since you think it's meaningful, let's make an appointment. However, the appointment will be made in the middle or late part of the year. I'll meet him when I come back from Hong Kong."

Liu Yidong said, "Then I'll get someone to reply to you first. The specific time will be decided when you go to Hong Kong and according to your situation."

Li Mu nodded slightly. "Tell them that first, but make sure to be high-profile."

Liu Yidong smiled and asked, "How are you going to be high-profile?"

Li Mu said, "Regarding your CEO's request for a meeting, our company has already received it. Since my company's CEO is busy, he does not have time to meet your CEO for the time being. As for the specific time to meet, please wait for our company's notification."

Liu Yidong was stunned and could not help but ask, "You must be joking, right?"

Li Mu said seriously, "What kind of joke is this?

I'm very serious. Can't you see how much potential a B2B platform has?

The real profitable market must be at the retail end. Otherwise, why would a CEO with a valuation of hundreds of millions of US dollars rush to meet me?

It's because he clearly knows that compared to B2B, B2C and C2C are the way to make money in the future! "