Chapter 1288

Under Li Mu's control, the CSC Club's publicity did not reach the entire society, but the club's influence was much greater than Li Mu had imagined. Just a few days after the club was established, some news about the CSC Club began to appear in the newspapers.

The media's attitude towards the CSC Club was very neutral. They did not praise or belittle the club. They simply reported it as a piece of news. Although the media could stand in a neutral and objective manner, it was difficult for the masses who received the news to be objective.

Sometimes, the media was only responsible for passing on the news, but different people would have different opinions when they saw it. The masses had their own opinions towards the CSC Club, but most of them held a belittling and critical attitude towards the club.

Some negative comments began to appear on the internet. Some said that the CSC Club was openly flaunting their wealth to the people of the country, and that it was the rich who wanted to make their presence known in society. Some said that Li Mu had actually changed. Everyone originally thought that he was everyone's role model, but after he achieved success, he turned around and hung out with those ignorant and incompetent rich children. There were also people who were naturally dissatisfied with the rich who drove sports cars. They always felt that their daily arrogance and despotic behavior were intentional when they drove on the road. There were even many traffic accidents caused by the rich second generation driving sports cars on the streets. It was truly disgusting.

Because the majority of the masses did not have a good impression of people who drove luxury sports cars, the CSC Club quickly became the target of criticism. And when the masses criticized the CSC Club, they also expressed their disappointment towards Li Mu.

In Li Mu's personal Tieba, there was a post titled "Li Mu, you've changed. You've become a stranger."

The post was made by a female university student. She said that she was the same as Li Mu, also a student from a small fifth-tier city who was admitted to a key university in Yanjing. Her family conditions were not very good. In the first two years after arriving in Yanjing, because of her family's poverty, she did not have many friends in school. Her roommates also intentionally ostracized and mocked her, and even united together to isolate her. It made her feel that life was worse than death. There were many times when she thought of dropping out of school, but when she thought of how her parents were still working day and night in their hometown so that she could successfully finish university, she gritted her teeth and persevered.

During this period of time, she tried to work at a restaurant, and also tried to work part-time on the streets to distribute flyers. One time, she did not know whether it was a coincidence or the intention of her roommates, but they organized a large group of classmates to eat at the restaurant where she worked part-time. When they "accidentally" discovered that she was working there, a few girls in the dormitory deliberately mocked and ridiculed her in front of everyone. At that dinner table, there was a male classmate that she had always had a good impression of.

That time was a huge psychological blow to her. She forced herself to finish serving her classmates, and the first thing she did after work was to cry in the alley near the restaurant. That was the first time she felt despair about the future. She felt that it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens for a child from a poor family to integrate into this city, and she had naively thought that if she was admitted to an excellent university, she would be able to change her fate, but fate had never felt that she was worthy of its care.

Later, she found out that the male classmate also had a good impression of her, and had even secretly asked about her situation from the girl that she was sleeping with. Coincidentally, the girl that she was sleeping with was secretly in love with this male classmate. As a result, she inexplicably became the target of her attacks. She even united all the other students in the dormitory to target her everywhere.

She went to find her roommate to clarify things, to tell her that she did not have any feelings for that male classmate. She hoped that she would be able to stop targeting her everywhere in the future. However, that girl took her show of weakness as showing off. She viciously said, "You're doing this on purpose to disgust me, aren't you?

You think you're better than me just because he's interested in you?

I really don't know what he sees in you. You're poor and old-fashioned, so old-fashioned that you don't wear any makeup, so old-fashioned that your clothes are so outdated, so old-fashioned that even when you speak Mandarin, there's a strong smell of dirt. Just looking at you makes me sick!

You want me to stop targeting you?

I'm telling you, dream on!

Unless you get out of this school! "

The girl was in despair. She had already sacrificed her dignity, sacrificed her feelings for that male, all in exchange for an environment where she would no longer be targeted. She never thought that life would be so cruel that there was no room for retreat.

At this time, coincidentally, Li Mu and his classmates were crazily promoting 3321 in various universities in Beijing. The girl said that one day, she had just finished class and was preparing to work at a part-time restaurant when she was stopped by a male student at the school gate. The male student handed her a flyer and asked with a smile, "Classmate, are you interested in trying out part-time tutoring?"

The girl said that when she saw the extremely bright smile on the male student's face, she felt that he was the most gentle and the friendliest person she had met in the two years since she came to Beijing to study. She looked at the male student a little uneasily and said to him, "I've tried to find a part-time tutoring job before, but the flyer has been posted for a long time without any response. It seems like no one is willing to find a university student to be their child's tutor."

The male student smiled and said, "Then you can try our tutoring website, it's the URL on the flyer. You just need to register an account there and fill in your personal information. Once it's approved, we'll recommend your information to the student's parents."

The girl said hesitantly, "Would the student's parents be willing to hire me to be their child's tutor?

I'm afraid they still don't trust university students … "

The male student laughed and comforted her, "You don't have to worry about that. You just need to register an account and you don't have to do anything else. Even if no one is willing to hire you, you won't lose anything. Moreover, a lot of things can only be known after trying, right?"

The male student's words convinced the girl. She took the flyer and nodded very seriously. She said to him, "Then I'll take some time to fill in my information in the school's computer lab."

After that, the girl left with the flyer. The next day, she registered an account on 3321 in the computer lab during computer class and completed her information.

At that time, she didn't have a phone, so she could only leave her dormitory landline.

Three days later, she received a notification from the platform. A student's parent who lived near her school bought her lessons on 3321. The other party successfully bid for her lessons, and the hourly fee was more than 20 times that of her working in the cafeteria.

From that day on, the girl's life changed completely. Through 3321, she could earn about 3,000 yuan a month. Her monthly income was three times that of her parents'. From that month on, she no longer asked her parents to send her living expenses. Instead, she sent home 2,500 yuan every month. She scrimped for the rest of the money and even bought herself a new phone.

After that, she began to put up more lessons. Every week, she took out more than 20 hours to tutor high school students. Her weekly income reached more than 1,000 yuan, so she saved up to buy herself a computer.

Later on, she saw an interview with Li Mu on CCTV. At that time, she was surprised to find out that Li Mu, whom CCTV called the proud son of the internet, was actually the boy who stopped her in front of the school gate.

From that moment on, Li Mu became a beacon of life in her heart. He was a god-like existence in her heart.

Ever since Li Mu was exposed on CCTV, every time he appeared in front of the public, he was full of positive energy. This positive energy had always encouraged her to work harder. In her opinion, Li Mu's background was no different from her own. If he could develop to where he was today, there was no reason for her not to work hard.

She had always regarded Li Mu as a god, so she did not expect that Li Mu would suddenly turn around and hang out with a group of rich second generations. Although this kind of thing was not a big deal, and Li Mu was now the richest young man in the country, in her opinion, it was still unacceptable. For such a long time, she had used Li Mu to set up a firm belief in her life, but now, she felt that this belief had cracked.

Although many people in the post said that this girl was a bit too pretentious, this post still resonated with a lot of netizens. They were like fanatical fans, looking at their idol as perfect. This kind of fanaticism also made them unable to accept the slightest change in their idol. In their eyes, Li Mu was the representative of all the grassroots, the spiritual leader of all the grassroots. Li Mu used his efforts to let the whole society know that the power of the grassroots to rise was far greater than those born with wealth. But Li Mu suddenly began to associate with those born with wealth. In their opinion, Li Mu had really fallen to a certain extent.

When Li Ziwei relayed these comments to Li Mu, she was full of indignation. She felt that these netizens were too pretentious and superficial. They didn't understand the fundamental motive of Li Mu's CSC Club at all. They thought that Li Mu had fallen and began to associate with the hostile group. But in fact, Li Mu's real motive was far deeper than their superficial speculation. She knew that what Li Mu wanted to do was to subtly influence these second-generation rich, so that under his guidance, they could create real value for society. For example, the CSC Club donated more than 80 million to the Veterans Never Die Charitable Foundation. This money could solve many substantial difficulties for the veterans, and really solve the problems they faced. That was where the meaning was.

As Li Mu comforted Li Ziwei's indignation, he said with a smile, "Don't have any hostility towards these netizens. To put it in a narcissistic way, this is also the deep love, the deep responsibility. They don't want me to change. The purpose of their comments on the Internet is also to correct my mistakes. It's completely out of kindness."

Li Ziwei said anxiously, "Then you have to let them know your real motive. Otherwise, if you are misunderstood by them, it will affect your reputation!"

Li Mu smiled slightly. "No need. If I deliberately explain now, it will be obvious that I'm taking sides. When that time comes, the netizens will feel comfortable, but what about the members of the CSC Club?"

Li Ziwei suddenly didn't know how to answer.