Chapter 1562

As an established monarchy, the United Kingdom had a very complicated hierarchy when it came to royal honors.

From the lowest to the highest, they were the MBE of the Officer Medal, the OBE of the Officer Medal, the CBE of the Commander Medal, the KBE of the Baron Medal, and the GBE of the Baron Grand Cross Medal.

Among them, only the two highest ranks, KBE and GBE, were considered nobility. Moreover, this was only for British citizens. If one was not a British citizen, the higher rank was just an honorary title.

Although the royal family was mostly an honorary title, it did not mean that honorary titles were as worthless as cabbages on the street.

On the contrary, the British royal family had very clear plans and targets for each rank of honor. Even the lowest MBE would only be awarded to a few dozen people every year.

There were only a few people in the CBE and KBE levels in a year.

As for GBE, this highest level of honor would only be awarded once every few years or even more than a decade.

In the history of the Chinese, only two people had been awarded GBE. Both of them were outstanding politicians who had great influence in Hong Kong's political circles.

Li Mu was the third and only Hua Xia person who was not born in Hong Kong to be awarded GBE.

There was no obvious comparison between the people who had been awarded GBE and how precious a GBE was. Take a look at the KBE, which was the first tier of GBE. Li Jiacheng, the richest man in China, was one of them.

Moreover, Li Jiacheng was not awarded KBE right away. He was only promoted after being awarded CBE for 11 years. He was awarded KBE, which was a higher level. As for GBE, it was basically impossible.

However, as a young man in his early twenties, a Hua Xia entrepreneur in his early twenties, and a Hua Xia Internet person who had set foot on British soil for the first time, Li Mu was awarded the highest level of GBE. It was unbelievable.

Before Li Mu came, the Queen was going to award Li Mu a KBE, which was already ridiculously high. However, after Li Mu planned a bright future for William, the Queen decided to return the favor by giving Li Mu the highest level of honor.

Prince Charles had some doubts in his heart. He thought that awarding the highest level of honor to a young man in his early twenties was too hasty and difficult to convince the public. However, after listening to the Queen's reasons for thinking that Li Mu was worthy of the GBE title, he was immediately relieved.

A monstrous person like Li Mu might not appear in decades. It was not an exaggeration to describe such a person as a genius. In fact, it was not even enough to be called a genius, because there were many people in the world who could be regarded as geniuses, but there was no one who could be compared to Li Mu.

There was no doubt that Li Mu was the most outstanding entrepreneur today. Under his leadership, Makino Technology developed rapidly with the impact of the Big Bang. This was a super miracle in the business field. Even Bill Gates could not compare, let alone Li Jiacheng, a billionaire who took decades to develop.

Moreover, Li Mu was completely different from Li Jiacheng. So far, Li Mu had never done anything to endanger the society or overdraft the social wealth for his own benefit. However, Li Jiacheng was different. When Li Jiacheng amassed wealth at the speed of light in the field of real estate, he caused a very serious overdraft of the social wealth and even invented the evil concept of "shared area". Li Mu, on the other hand, had been trying to give back to the society.

At this time, the entire royal family, the royal guards, and the royal photographers were shocked that Li Mu had won the GBE title.

Anne Hathaway even thought that she was dreaming.

Only the person involved, Li Mu, and his assistant, Li Ziwei, did not understand what the British Empire's Baron Grand Cross Medal represented.

Li Mu thought that this thing was about the same as an honorary bachelor, an honorary lecturer, or an honorary professor of a certain university in the country, so he did not take it too seriously. He bowed to the Queen calmly to express his gratitude, and then the Queen personally pinned the medal on the left front of his suit.

Then, the photographer stepped forward and said politely, "Your Majesty, Mr. Li Mu, please look at the camera and take a group photo for the two of you."

Li Mu naturally turned around and took a group photo with the Queen side by side.

Then, the Queen said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, please wait a moment. I still have two medals for Miss Li and Miss Hathaway."

As soon as these words came out, Li Ziwei and Anne Hathaway were both surprised. Charles immediately stepped forward and handed two beautiful gift boxes to the Queen.

The Queen smiled and waved at Li Ziwei and Anne Hathaway. Only then did the two come back to their senses. After looking at each other, they came to the Queen together in a daze.

The Queen opened one of the boxes, took out a cross medal with a red ribbon, and said to Li Ziwei, "Miss Li, thank you for all your efforts for Makino Technology. I believe that you are helping Mr. Li Mu to do a series of great things. This is not only of great significance to the world, but also very great in itself, so you are completely worthy of this medal. I hope you can continue to work hard."

Li Ziwei suddenly became a little nervous. She could only nod seriously and said to the Queen, "Thank you for your affirmation. I will continue to work hard."

The Queen nodded with a smile and put the medal on her chest.

Then, the Queen took out the same medal and said to Anne Hathaway, who was already trembling with excitement, "Miss Hathaway, you are a young and promising Hollywood movie star. I believe that you will continue to present more and better film and television works to the audience all over the world in the future. I hope you can continue to work hard."

Anne Hathaway recognized the medal. It was the Commander's Medal, CBE, a third-tier Medal of Honor. Even this medal was extremely rare. The number of people in Hollywood who could receive an MBE or OBE could be counted on one hand, not to mention the higher CBE.

With Anne Hathaway's qualifications, she was not even qualified to be awarded a medal. Even if it was the lowest MBE, she would have to wait at least a few years and have a few famous works before she had the chance.

However, Li Ziwei was similar to Li Mu. She had always felt that it was just an honorary title. It should be a unified way for the royal family to reward their guests. It was similar to the honorary titles of the various organizations in the country, so deep in her heart, she did not really take it seriously.

Compared to the traditional award ceremony, the award ceremony for Li Mu, Li Ziwei, and Anne Hathaway was really unprecedented in history. Under normal circumstances, when the Queen stood there to receive the award, there would be at least dozens of elites from all walks of life watching the ceremony. The entire British media would also flock to Buckingham Palace to record the grand award ceremony and interview the recipient. It was the first time that Li Mu had received the highest medal, but there was not even a single audience or media reporter.

…

After the award ceremony, the Queen warmly invited everyone to the banquet hall to enjoy lunch. Li Mu wore the dazzling Baron's Great Cross Medal and enjoyed a sumptuous lunch with the entire royal family.

At the end of the lunch, Prince William's personal butler, James, once again reported a set of data. William's Twitter about 3321 had now exceeded ten million views and more than 150,000 votes. The situation was one-sided for him.

Moreover, all the mainstream television media in the country had reported on this matter. The direction of public opinion was right, and the voices of support for William's proposal were getting louder and louder.

Interestingly, a few British Internet companies took to their official Twitter accounts to ride on the hot topic, saying that they would invest a huge amount of manpower and resources to develop the British version of 3321. They also said that they would develop a more comprehensive and practical version than 3321.

There was no doubt that William had become the only hot topic in Britain now. The entire United Kingdom was discussing his topic, and everyone's favorability towards him had increased because of this matter. William had already begun to build the framework and embryonic form of an opinion leader.

At two o 'clock in the afternoon, Li Mu's original visit time was nearing its end. He apologetically said to the Queen and the other members of the royal family, "As I still have to go to Manchester, I have to start my journey. Thank you for the royal family's invitation and hospitality, and even more thank you, Your Majesty, for your encouragement and affirmation. If there's a chance in the future, I hope to be a guest here again."

The Queen smiled and said, "Buckingham Palace will always welcome you. At any time, as long as you are in Britain, please contact us. We very much hope that you can stay in Buckingham Palace for the night so that we can entertain you with the utmost courtesy. However, I'm afraid there's no chance this time. The next time you go to Buckingham Palace, don't leave in such a hurry."

Li Mu hurriedly nodded in agreement.

Then, he bade farewell to each member, starting from the Queen. William was the last one in line.

When he finally said goodbye to William, Li Mu said to him, "If there's anything in the future, you can call me directly. If you can't get through to me, call Ziwei. Today's start was very good, you must continue to maintain it."

William immediately nodded solemnly and said, "Please don't worry, I'll definitely strictly follow your instructions. Thank you, Mr Lee, oh no, Teacher Li."

Li Mu smiled faintly and said, "There's no need to be so polite between the two of us. We're friends, not teacher and student."

After saying that, Li Mu added, "When you announce the introduction of 3321 to Britain, I'll immediately send someone over to provide technical support and strive to quickly integrate 3321 into the UK website. Before it goes online, you have to learn more about the Internet and the operation of the Internet platform, because this platform will be handed over to you in the future."

"Alright!

Please don't worry, I'll definitely do my best! "

William's expression was full of gratitude. At this moment, his gratitude towards Li Mu was really bursting. In just half a day, he had received so much attention and was almost on a new turning point in his life. This was almost all thanks to Li Mu.

Li Mu smiled and said, "When the UK website of 3321 is online, when you have time, go to Hua Xia to take a look. This will also let the people of Britain know more about Hua Xia."

William agreed without hesitation and said, "When the time comes, I'll definitely go to Hua Xia to visit Mr Lee!"