Chapter 598

The next day, Li Mu woke up naturally. When he opened his eyes, he found that Zhao Ziqiu was gone. Li Mu hurriedly got up to look for her. He went out of the bedroom and saw a note left by Zhao Ziqiu on the coffee table in the living room.

"I have an important class this morning. If you wake up and find that I'm not here, don't miss me too much!" The note was signed with a simple smiley face and the word "autumn".

Li Mu shook his head with a wry smile. Last night, he had plowed Zhao Ziqiu's fertile land three times, but she was able to get up early to go to class today. He slept until 10: 30 am and still felt a little weak in the legs. But last night, she was clearly the one who begged for mercy. Women were really magical creatures.

At this time, Liu Yidong called Li Mu and told him a piece of good news. After Mo Wenwei's album was released on Taobao yesterday, the 120,000 copies in the system's inventory had been sold out by 10 am this morning.

This result did not make Liu Yidong feel very awesome, but it scared the people of Rolling Stone.

According to the normal sales pattern of the album market, one out of every three albums in the world was pirated. It seemed that the proportion of pirated albums was not high, but that was because the copyright protection in western countries was extremely strict, which greatly reduced the average. If only the album market in Asia was counted, at least two out of every three albums were pirated. If only the mainland market was counted, it would be good if one out of every five albums was pirated.

This was not Li Mu exaggerating. Even the literary hooligan Shorty Gao Xiaosong had said in his talk show that before making an album, he had to first beg the pirates to give him a month's time to sell the original album. However, the pirates were very tough and insisted on selling the album at the same time as the original. Shorty Gao Xiaosong used the excuse that he could not make music if the pirates forced him too much, so he got the pirates to give him a week's time to release his new album. This was the actual state of the mainland's audio and video industry.

In 2000, digital music was the ultimate weapon to destroy the record industry. Just like pirated physical novels, pirated albums also cost money. The difference between pirated and original was the price. However, pirated digital novels and music were different. Pirated digital content was completely free. This was not the difference between the price, but the difference between charging and free. Therefore, the development of the original was becoming more and more difficult. In addition, there was no clear legal support in the country, so the development of the original was even more difficult.

In the mainland market in 2002, digital music and MP3 hardware rose. In addition, Li Mu's Easy Listening Network and Mango-ME had greatly promoted the development of digital music and MP3 terminals. Therefore, Li Mu also realized that the current market space for the original album should be much smaller than in his previous life. He was also a little surprised by this result.

Li Mu asked, "Have you contacted the people of Rolling Stone and asked them to make new copies as soon as possible?"

Liu Yidong said with a smile, "Of course, their leader was shocked by this data. A total of 150,000 copies of the mainland version of this album were made. 30,000 of them have been sent to the distributors, so they are going to make another 150,000 copies. This time, they are also going to ask Mo Wenwei to sign a batch of posters. They said that she would sign 5,000 posters. They asked us to give an autographed poster randomly for every 30 orders as a gimmick."

Li Mu's eyes lit up and he said, "The people of Rolling Stone are quite good at marketing."

Liu Yidong said, "Yes, the autographed posters must be very attractive to the fans."

For a singer, 5,000 posters could be signed in almost half a day. It was not a very big workload. For the record company, the cost of 5,000 posters was pitifully low. This kind of low-cost gift meant a lot to the fans. Therefore, Li Mu believed that if 5,000 posters were in place, the additional 150,000 copies of the album should be sold out.

Compared with such a huge market in the mainland, even if piracy was rampant, the sales of 300,000 albums was still not too high. Therefore, Li Mu said to Liu Yidong, "You can communicate with the people of Rolling Stone and ask them to try to increase the production. 150,000 copies are still a little less. If they do a good job in the sales cycle of at least half a year, it should not be a big problem to produce another 500,000 copies. If they are always out of stock, it will be a big blow to the enthusiasm of the consumers."

Liu Yidong said, "I have communicated with them, but they said it is better to be cautious. They will first produce 150,000 copies. If the sales are good, they will speed up the production."

Li Mu also understood this. The number of records destroyed by the record company every year was not small. Most of the ones that could not be sold were still in the inventory. Basically, they were buried as garbage. That was a waste of money. For the record company, it was normal to be cautious. However, at present, Taobao had opened the prelude to the era of e-commerce. The business model had changed from a single face-to-face transaction to a variety of possibilities. Therefore, there were many ways to save the country in a roundabout way than to directly hang the word "out of stock."

Therefore, Li Mu asked Liu Yidong, "How much is Mo Wenwei's album selling for?"

"16 yuan, plus 1.2 yuan for postage."

Li Mu thought for a moment and said, "You can ask the people of Rolling Stone if they are willing to do a discount on pre-sale. Users can place a deposit of three yuan, and after the arrival of the goods, they can get six yuan. Although they will lose some profits, there will be more users, and they can accurately grasp the market demand."

Liu Yidong said, "Then I will call them later and communicate with them."

Li Mu suddenly thought of Zhou Jielun again. He didn't know the sales data of so many albums of Zhou Jielun, but he thought that he should also be one of the Chinese singers with the highest album sales in the future, so he asked Liu Yidong, "Do you know Zhou Jielun?"

Liu Yidong said, "I have heard of him. Liangjing likes him very much."

Li Mu said, "Find out which record company he is in. In addition, today, spread the news that Mo Wenwei's 120,000 albums were sold out in one day. Leave a message on the website that other record companies are welcome to discuss cooperation. In this way, it would be best if we can attract a group of record companies to cooperate with us. If the record company signed by Zhou Jielun comes to us, you should give priority to cooperating with them. In the next stage, Taobao's self-run audio and video channel will promote Zhou Jielun."

Liu Yidong said, "OK, I will arrange it now. In addition, our Mango-ME Instant Kill will start at 8 o 'clock tonight. Do you want to come and pay attention?"

Li Mu said, "Well, I will go over in the afternoon. By the way, when will the pre-sale of the summer brand day officially start?"

"At 8: 30 tonight."

Liu Yidong said, "All the pages have been prepared, and the advertising has been done in advance. The event page will be officially launched at 8: 30 tonight. After the launch, our backstage will also begin to accept users' orders and deposits."

…

It was a big surprise for the users of Taobao to be able to buy music albums authorized by record companies on Taobao. Although most Taobao users would not buy it, it also made them have a deeper trust in Taobao. So many well-known companies had opened official flagship stores on Taobao, which itself had raised the recognition of Taobao to a higher level. This time, they could get the authorization from the record company and sell the original album on Taobao, which once again increased the value of Taobao in the minds of users.

In addition to users, record companies and even the entire entertainment industry also re-recognized Taobao and the power of Taobao overnight. The news that Mo Wenwei's album sold well on Taobao didn't need any publicity from Liu Yidong, and it soon spread throughout the entertainment industry.

120,000 albums were sold in one day. This result really shocked the entire music industry. The key was not only how amazing the number 120,000 was, but more importantly, the Rolling Stone promised to store only 120,000 albums on Taobao. If the inventory was sufficient, and they were given three or five days, no one knew how high the sales volume would be.

The National People's Congress of Rolling Stone Records was overjoyed. On the one hand, the 120,000 albums were sold out, and on the other hand, the albums of other stars also had good sales. More importantly, they found a new distribution and sales channel on Taobao, which would not only increase album sales, but also reduce the channel cost of album sales. For Rolling Stone, it was a two-way benefit, which could be said to be a life-saving straw for them at present.

Other record companies paid close attention to the sales of Rolling Stone Records on Taobao. When they witnessed the rapid sale of Mo Wenwei's album, they immediately realized that Taobao had become a channel they had to fight for.

More importantly, through Mo Wenwei's rapid popularity in the Mainland, they realized that there was a huge vein behind Taobao. Taobao was not just an online trading platform. Behind it, there was Makino Technology, a newly rising Internet overlord company in the Mainland. Makino Technology had YY, a powerful promotional tool. This was simply a super channel that major record companies dreamed of. In addition, Tieba was also a very important part. It could help stars gather fans accurately with their own names. In this way, the influence of Makino Technology in the entertainment industry was very clear: Through YY, they concentrated on pushing star information to users, and then through Tieba to gather the fans of stars, let them constantly communicate and share in Tieba, enhance their loyalty to their idols, and finally use Taobao to convert these loyal fans into cash, forming a complete chain.

From fan conversion, to fan loyalty enhancement, and then to fan monetization, this was once a very clear development route for entertainment companies. However, for them, the two links of fan conversion and loyalty enhancement required a lot of time and energy to operate slowly, and the cost was high and the effect was slow. But now, Makino Technology could achieve this overnight. Therefore, Makino Technology and Taobao suddenly became the focus of the whole entertainment industry, and the strong promotion ability of Taobao also made all record companies itch. After Liu Xiaodong released the way of record cooperation, as of four o 'clock in the afternoon, all record companies with certain strength in the Mainland and Hong Kong and Taiwan took the initiative to contact Taobao, making it clear that they hoped to carry out comprehensive cooperation with Taobao.

Li Mu was deeply aware of the strength of the platform and channel. He just used the existing resources to help Mo Wenwei, but he didn't expect to accidentally open a new world. At present, it was certain that Taobao would become the largest audio-visual product sales channel in the country.