Chapter 1777

The reason why Li Mu first asked Elon Musk to create a small lithium battery pack and a small brushless motor was to solve the problem once and for all.

Although there were not many cities in the country that banned motorcycles, as the pace of urbanization increased, more and more cities would join in the ban.

By that time, it would be more and more difficult to rely on motorcycles to deliver food.

The normal route was to use motorcycles first, and when the motorcycles could no longer be ridden, then the ordinary lead-acid battery electric car. When the lead-acid battery electric car's performance became better, then the lithium battery electric car.

Li Mu directly used the lithium battery electric car. This way, not only could he solve the problem once and for all, the key was that he could also abide by the city's regulations, save energy, and protect the environment.

Lu Yunhao was not a professional, and it was already good enough that he could understand the logic behind the front end. It was almost impossible to expect him to think so thoroughly.

Therefore, when he thought that the rider team could recruit him easily, he realized that it was easy to recruit people, but it was not easy to get the cars.

If the delivery side could not be solved, then the development of the platform would be nonsense.

After all, this was the O2O project that Li Mu mentioned. Time was the most important. Otherwise, if the user ordered a meal online, the merchant would send him a mail, and by the time the goods arrived, he would be starving to death.

Lu Yunhao suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. If it was really like what Zheng Chao said, and each car had five to six batteries, then there would be too many problems.

First was the cost problem. The electric car cost 3,000 yuan per car, and the batteries cost 400 yuan per car. One car would cost more than 5,000 yuan, and one thousand cars would cost 5 million yuan.

The key was that Shanghai was so big, how could one thousand cars be enough?

One thousand cars might not even be enough for one district.

If it was two thousand cars, 10 million yuan would be gone.

Also, how would he manage so many batteries?

Give them to the rider and let him manage them himself?

Not realistic.

Food delivery was mainly done in busy areas. 80% of the riders could not afford to live in such a busy area. They might live in the suburbs or in the rural-urban fringe. If the batteries were ten kilometers away from the workplace, then wouldn't the car have to run ten kilometers back to get the batteries?

A battery could only run thirty kilometers at most. First, ten kilometers to the workplace, then ten kilometers back to change the batteries. How many orders could the remaining ten kilometers be completed?

Therefore, Battery had to learn from Li Mu and manage his own team.

At the very least, the batteries had to be charged at the same time at night. Then, during the day, they would set up points in the city and place the fully charged batteries there for the riders to change.

Two thousand cars were backed by ten thousand batteries. Every day, they had to manage the recycling, distribution, charging, management, and storage of ten thousand batteries. The workload itself was big enough. At the very least, they would need a large factory to solve this problem, right?

What was worse was that there were several trucks and a large number of employees who drove the batteries to a fixed location early in the morning …

When Lu Yunhao thought of this, he kept slapping his forehead. "This Li Mu is so annoying. Why did he provide his own electric scooter?

Why didn't they let the riders solve it themselves? At most, they could just pay the riders a little more, make them feel that it was profitable, and give them the motivation to find their own transportation.

Just thinking about how to deal with such a complete support system is so annoying … "

Zheng Chao said, "There's no other way, CEO Lu. Li Mu has already set a precedent. If we let the riders solve it themselves, it will naturally be less attractive."

Lu Yunhao said hatefully, "Li Mu is raising the bar for others to enter the industry and compete with him!

After all, he is the first one to set the rules in the industry … "

Zheng Chao nodded and said, "Currently, our best solution is to hurry up and purchase a batch of electric scooters. At the same time, we will set up a battery management team. We will rent a place to store the batteries and charge them in batches. Then, we will set up a few replacement locations in the more prosperous areas."

"En …" Lu Yunhao's face was livid. "I will leave this matter to you. Hurry up and choose the suppliers and purchase in batches."

Zheng Chao said, "Then I suggest that we hurry up and rent a warehouse in the suburbs. When the scooters arrive, we will store them there."

"Okay." Lu Yunhao said, "I will leave it to you as well!"

Zheng Chao asked again, "CEO Lu, about the budget …"

Lu Yunhao thought for a moment. "Let's set it at ten million!"

"Okay!"

…

After a few days, Zheng Chao chose an electric scooter manufacturer in Maoming City, Guangdong Province.

He chose an electric scooter model with a nominal range of thirty-five kilometers and ordered two thousand of them in one go. At the same time, he also ordered ten thousand of the same battery.

When he presented the product to Lu Yunhao, Lu Yunhao didn't study it much and signed it. Then, he asked, "How long will it take for them to deliver the goods?"

Zheng Chao said, "They will deliver a hundred units to us by the end of this week. Then, they will start producing our order. We will be able to deliver five hundred units by the end of next week, and the rest will be delivered within this month."

"Okay!"

Lu Yunhao nodded and said, "The technology development is more than half done. Now, we need to hurry up and get a batch of cars. Then, we need to hire a group of riders and start training them."

Zheng Chao hurriedly said, "CEO Lu, we also need to purchase a batch of mobile phones."

Lu Yunhao asked angrily, "If you want to buy electric scooters, then so be it. Why do we still need to buy mobile phones?"

Zheng Chao said helplessly, "Most of the migrant workers don't have mobile phones … After all, mobile phones are quite expensive nowadays, and mobile phone charges aren't cheap."

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao widened his eyes and said, "I have to prepare cars and mobile phones for them. Do I also have to prepare clothes, shoes, and hats for them?"

Zheng Chao nodded and said, "Hungry Man provides uniform … and I asked around. Their uniforms are all made by a big factory in the country. It's the same factory as Adidas and Nike. They use the same production line, materials, and production techniques."

"F * ck …" Lu Yunhao asked in exasperation, "Does Li Mu have nowhere to spend his money???"

Zheng Chao suddenly slapped his forehead and said, "Oh, CEO Lu, I forgot something!"

Lu Yunhao shouted angrily, "What is it?

Speak! "

Zheng Chao said awkwardly, "We also have to customize an insulated box for the riders. Otherwise, the food will easily get cold. Once it gets cold, the user experience will be greatly reduced …"

"F * ck …"

Lu Yunhao was about to go crazy.

A bunch of amateurs couldn't do things as comprehensively and meticulously as Li Mu.

In fact, even when Hungry Man was in his previous life, he was also a little more mature and meticulous. But even so, before Li Mu's rebirth, the overall level of Hungry Man's riders, including ability, quality, and equipment, couldn't compare to the current Li Mu's riders.

It could be said that Li Mu was at the peak from the beginning. If a competitor like Lu Yunhao wanted to surpass him, it would really take a lot of effort and a lot of money to achieve.

Zheng Chao said again, "I asked someone to find out. Hungry Man's insulated box itself is made of thermal insulation material. The key is that there are heating wires on all six sides, and it's directly powered by the battery of the electric scooter. It can maintain the temperature of the food for a long time. If the rider delivers it quickly, when the user gets it, it won't be much different from when it was just made in a restaurant."

"That's a lot of money, right?" Lu Yunhao asked as he rubbed his temples.

Zheng Chao said awkwardly, "The key isn't the money. The key is that we can't achieve the stability function of the heating wires."

"Why?" Lu Yunhao questioned, "How much more money would it cost to add heating wires?

An insulated box is only a few dozen yuan more, isn't it? "

Zheng Chao said awkwardly, "Boss Lu, it's not the problem of money!"

"Then what is it?!"

Zheng Chao saw that he couldn't get the point, so he could only say directly, "It's the problem of the battery. The battery we can buy has a limited amount of power. If we supply the heating wires in the insulated box, I'm afraid it won't even be able to run 20 kilometers with a full charge."

Lu Yunhao finally got around this point and sighed, "This is really making me feel bad …"

Battery …

How is Li Mu so awesome?

How can he achieve such a long battery life with a laptop battery?!

Thinking of this, Lu Yunhao said angrily, "If that's the case, why don't I just invest a few million into an electric scooter factory and let them develop Li Mu's battery technology!

Wouldn't this solve the problem once and for all? "

Zheng Chao said, "Actually, after the Hungry Man electric scooter came out, a few big scooter factories in the country wanted to copy it, but the technical requirements are very high."

"What technical requirements can there be for this thing?

Our country's technology is already very advanced. Missiles can already reach America, which is 10,000 kilometers away. Can't an electric scooter solve this problem? "

Zheng Chao said helplessly, "Mr. Lu, that's not how the technology is calculated. The battery that Li Mu used is 18650, which is a lightweight, small, and high-capacity battery. Most of them are used in small household appliances, such as laptops. Ordinary ones use four batteries, while better ones use six batteries. Some strong torchlights can stay bright for several hours with just one battery. Before Li Mu started this, no one used it on electric scooters. The domestic manufacturers don't have any exclusive technology to make electric scooters. They all make their own scooter frames, purchase batteries from lead-acid battery manufacturers, purchase motors from the motor factory, and then, together with the electric switches, brakes, tires, and lights from other manufacturers, install them on their own scooter frames in the factory, and then run away."

"The technology of the electric scooters produced in the country is not as good as the remote control electric scooters that kids play with. In addition to batteries, motors, and transmission, there is also a remote control system. The technology of this thing is about the same as the mini 4WDs that kids play with. Buy a scooter frame, install two AA batteries, install a small motor, and a few gears. Then, get a shift switch, and the electricity will run …"

Lu Yunhao stomped his feet angrily and said, "I know. I did not ask them to develop a remote control electric scooter!

I also did not expect them to improve the batteries, motors, and transmission capabilities. I just asked them to upgrade the batteries to lithium batteries.

What the f * * k is so hard about that?

My sister's son also plays mini 4WDs. In the beginning, he used a normal battery and said that it was not powerful enough. Then, he bought two rechargeable batteries and installed them. When the car runs, it starts to whine. Why don't you ask them to buy some lithium batteries too? "