Chapter 707

Huang Jinli didn't expect to see Li Mu here. When her eyes met Li Mu's, her eyes instantly turned red.

When she made the deal with Li Mu, she sacrificed her nephew and compensated Wanying Real Estate with a valuable piece of land to protect her brother, Huang Jinxiao. However, after the incident blew over, she found out from the police system that before she made the deal with Li Mu, Li Mu had already discussed the terms of the deal with Gu Jianghe. In order not to implicate the Western District Branch, Li Mu had already promised Gu Jianghe that he wouldn't expose the fact that his brother colluded with the Western District Branch to find someone to take the blame.

This also meant that Huang Jinxiao's only son, Huang Shuolun, had to be sacrificed. Due to Huang Jinli's misjudgment, she gave a piece of land near the Three Round Bridge to Wanying Real Estate. Although Wanying Real Estate promised to pay for the land after a year, it was no different from giving it away for free in the eyes of the real estate developers. Moreover, the Three Round Bridge's land price was like a rocket booster attached to it.

This incident was a huge blow to Huang Jinli, who prided herself on being resourceful. She thought that she had saved everyone in a time of crisis. The entire Huang family was also quite dissatisfied with her judgment in dealing with the crisis. However, Huang Jinli was also doing this for the Huang family. Although the Huang family had some complaints in their hearts, they didn't show it on their faces. Moreover, after Huang Jinxiao was beaten up by Li Mu, he was still recuperating at home. His body and mental state weren't as good as before. Right now, the company still had to rely on Huang Jinli to maintain its operations.

However, Huang Jinli had been blaming herself in her heart. Because of a misjudgment, she gave Li Mu a priceless gift. Every time she thought of Li Mu's face when she went to Li Mu for reconciliation, Huang Jinli would gnash her teeth in hatred.

Although Li Mu was also a shameless person, at this time when he looked into Huang Jinli's eyes, he felt a little embarrassed. Just when he was about to avoid her eyes, he found that there was a young and beautiful woman on the other side of her, who was staring at him as if she wanted to cut him into pieces.

Li Mu didn't know this young woman, but he felt that she should be a member of the Huang family. So, he automatically ignored the four red eyes and nodded to Wei Lan with a smile. Then, he looked away.

Huang Jinli hated Li Mu to the core, but Wei Lan didn't notice. After greeting Li Mu, she took out a business card from her bag and handed it to Huang Jinli. She smiled and said, "Hello, CEO Huang, I am Wei Lan from Shanghai Juncheng Real Estate."

Wei Lan had seen Huang Jinli before. She knew that Huang Jinli was the core figure of Hongzhu Group, but the two of them had never interacted. Before coming here, Wei Lan tried to fight for some well-known and old real estate companies in the country. Hongzhu Group's strength was also among the best in Yan Jing, so it was naturally one of Wei Lan's goals this time.

Huang Jinli looked at Wei Lan in surprise and asked her with a frown, "You are Wei Jun's daughter, right?"

Wei Lan hurriedly nodded and said respectfully, "I once attended a forum with my father in Hangzhou, and I had the chance to meet you."

Huang Jinli remembered that she had seen Wei Lan once, but at that time, Wei Lan's father, Wei Jun, was at the helm of Juncheng Real Estate. She had also heard about Juncheng Real Estate. With Huang Jinli's experience, she knew Wei Lan's motive for appearing here at a glance. At this time, Wei Lan had no ability to save herself. Like a ship that was about to sink to the bottom of the sea, she could only hope for others to save her. It seemed that she had become the potential savior in the eyes of the other party.

However, Huang Jinli didn't like Wei Lan, and even felt a little disgusted.

The reason why she didn't like Wei Lan was that she didn't have any friendship with the Wei Family, so the life and death of the Wei Family had nothing to do with her. Secondly, she was very clear that even if Wei Lan was willing to take out huge profits in exchange for external help, the Huang Family would never be interested, because they couldn't afford to provoke the Lanke Group. The Huang Family had been messed with by Li Mu once, and their strength had been greatly damaged. If they provoked the Lanke Group at this time, they would really have no way to live.

As for why she disliked Wei Lan, the only reason was because of Li Mu. Huang Jinli suffered a big loss in the hands of Li Mu, so she was full of anger and resentment towards Li Mu. Seeing Wei Lan take the initiative to greet Li Mu just now, she guessed that the two people must know each other. Not to mention Li Mu's friend, even if it was Li Mu's acquaintance, Huang Jinli felt disgusted from the bottom of her heart.

Wei Lan saw that Huang Jinli didn't pay attention to her, and her expression was slightly struggling. After a while, she still asked politely, "I don't know if President Huang has time in the next two days. I want to treat you to a meal and see if it's convenient for you."

Huang Jinli guessed that Wei Lan wanted to treat her to a meal because she wanted to ask her to get involved in the muddy water of Juncheng Real Estate. She was puzzled in her heart. Don't you know Li Mu?

Why don't you ask him for help but come to me instead?

Are you disgusting me?

Thus, Huang Jinli said coldly, "I don't have time. Find someone else."

Huang Jinli's direct rejection caught Wei Lan a little unprepared.

Under normal circumstances, no one in the business world would use such a direct and blunt method to reject someone else's kind invitation. However, not only did Huang Jinli reject it, she even added, "Find someone else." The meaning behind this sentence was very clear. She knew Wei Lan's true purpose. This sentence not only rejected the meal, but it also cut off Wei Lan's thoughts of asking her for help.

Wei Lan felt a bit sour in her heart, but she still revealed a slightly forced smile. She didn't lose any of her politeness as she said to Huang Jinli, "Sorry, President Huang. I was presumptuous."

After saying this, Wei Lan didn't say anything else. Huang Jinli didn't give any response either. She simply didn't even look at Wei Lan.

At this time, a middle-aged man in a suit and leather shoes walked up to Wei Lan and Huang Jinli's table. He stood between the two of them and said to Huang Jinli, "President Huang, we haven't seen each other in a while, right?"

Huang Jinli raised her head and saw the man's face. She immediately stood up and said with a smile, "Hello, President Wang. We haven't seen each other in a while."

Wei Lan, who was beside her, looked up and her face immediately became extremely ugly. She subconsciously turned her head away.

At this time, President Wang nodded and smiled at Huang Jinli. He looked at the beautiful woman next to Huang Jinli and asked curiously, "President Huang, this is?"

Huang Jinli hurriedly introduced, "President Wang, this is my niece. She is also the current director of the Hongzhu Group's marketing department, Huang Shuoxin."

After saying that, Huang Jinli introduced to Huang Shuoxin, "Shuoxin, this is President Wang of the Shanghai Lanke Group, Wang Runqing."

As soon as Huang Shuoxin heard the man's name, she hurriedly stood up from her seat. She very politely extended her hand and said to Wang Runqing generously, "President Wang, it's our first time meeting. Please take care of me."

Wang Runqing shook hands with her and said with a smile, "The Huang family is very powerful in Yanjing. As a foreign guest, I still need to take care of you."

Huang Jinli took over and greeted him, "President Wang, you're too modest."

Wang Runqing smiled and said politely, "President Huang, I've organized a dinner party tonight and invited a few friends in the industry. I wonder if you have time?"

Huang Jinli agreed without hesitation. Wang Runqing said, "Then I'll ask my assistant to tell you the time and place after I make the reservation. Oh, by the way, Miss Shuoxin can also come with us."

Huang Shuoxin nodded, "Okay, President Wang."

Wang Runqing then turned his head to look at Wei Lan, who was sitting next to him. He smiled in surprise and said, "I just found out that the legendary beautiful president, Miss Wei Lanwei, is also here. When did Miss Wei arrive?"

Wei Lan raised her head and looked at Wang Runqing. With a bit of pride and disdain, she said, "Sorry, I don't talk to scumbags."

Wei Lan's words shocked everyone in the room.

Most of the guests at the summit knew Wang Runqing. Not only was the Lanke Group extraordinary in Shanghai, but it was also one of the best in the industry in the country. Wang Runqing was the second-generation helmsman of the Lanke Group. Not only was he very famous in the industry, but he also had the title of "Wolf President". The reason was that in the three years since he took over the Lanke Group, he had used every means possible to lead the Lanke Group in the real estate market and successfully performed many mergers and acquisitions, directly sending the Lanke Group to the top of the industry.

Because of his despicable methods and lack of bottom line, Wang Runqing's reputation in the industry was very bad. However, no one in the industry dared to look down on him. Therefore, Wei Lan's public disdain for Wang Runqing surprised the people around her. Many people looked at Wang Runqing at the same time with a subtle smile on their faces, as if they were watching Wang Runqing make a fool of himself.

The smile on Wang Runqing's face froze in an instant. He looked around and discovered that many people were looking at him. He forcefully suppressed the anger in his heart and snorted with disdain. He said, "Does Miss Wei have some sort of misunderstanding about me?"

Wang Runqing was the main culprit behind the plan to encroach on the entire Juncheng Real Estate. Wei Lan naturally hated him to the bone. Seeing that Wang Runqing was still pretending to be innocent, she said with a face full of disdain, "I don't want to say the same thing twice."

The surrounding people all saw Wang Runqing's deflated appearance, which made him exceptionally angry. Wang Runqing straightened his collar and said to Wei Lan with a cold face, "Miss Wei, this is Yan Jing, not your doorstep, so I advise you to keep a low profile."

As he spoke, Wang Runqing paused and then said with a sneer, "I almost forgot, even if it's in front of your house, you still have to restrain yourself a bit. After all, that dad of yours ran off to America a long time ago. I think everyone in the real estate industry knows about this, right?"

She stared at Wang Runqing and warned, "Wang Runqing, I'm sure everyone here knows how despicable you usually are, so I won't say anything more. However, you're arguing with a woman like me, and you even want to use my father's words to attack me. Isn't that too shameful?" Wang Runqing snorted coldly and said, "Wang Runqing, I believe everyone here knows how despicable you are.