Chapter 1214

Two years of full scholarship …

The reason why Lawrence made such a big promise was that he wanted to curry favor with Li Mu and make up for the loss of his reputation in front of Li Mu.

Lawrence's promise made almost all the students of the National People's Congress very excited.

Everyone present knew very well what a graduate degree from Harvard meant. With such a degree, one could basically become an elite in the United States. With such a degree, one could enter society in the future, and under normal circumstances, the speed of advancement would be much faster than the average person.

It was by no means easy to be admitted as a Harvard graduate student. Even if one could be admitted, the tuition and miscellaneous fees of tens of thousands of US dollars a year and the high cost of living were astronomical figures that most Hua Xia families could not afford. As for a full scholarship, it was a pipe dream for most Harvard students.

But now, as soon as Lawrence opened his mouth, he gave all the students of the National People's Congress a Harvard graduate student promise. The weight of this promise was extremely significant for these young people who dreamed of studying abroad and dreaming of Harvard.

Although Li Mu still had a problem with Lawrence, objectively speaking, Lawrence's attitude of apologizing and making up for it was indeed sincere. Moreover, from this compensation plan, Li Mu saw not only a full scholarship for this group of exchange students, but also a new channel of educational resources.

Since Lawrence had the ability to promise direct admission and grant scholarships, then as long as he was still at Harvard, he could send overseas students through him. If he sent dozens of domestic university students and master's students to Harvard every year to do postgraduate or doctoral studies, he could use some of Harvard's educational resources to a certain extent.

In the future, if his cousin like Xiao Hao, other brothers and sisters, and even friends and employees wanted to study at Harvard, he could easily solve it through Lawrence.

For Li Mu, although a top educational resource like Harvard could also be bought with money, it would have a very bad influence if he directly bought it with money. People naturally had some hatred towards the rich. If the rich directly exchanged money for educational resources, they would inevitably encounter dissatisfaction and rejection from ordinary people.

After accepting Lawrence's goodwill, Li Mu's attitude towards him became slightly better. In front of everyone, he said to Lawrence, "On behalf of all the students of the National People's Congress, I thank President Lawrence for his kindness. I think the exchange and cooperation between Harvard and the National People's Congress can continue in the future, and even become bigger and bigger."

Li Mu's sudden softening of attitude made Lawrence's eyes light up. His mood immediately became better as he said, "I also think the exchange and cooperation between the two universities can continue. In the second half of the academic year, we will definitely conduct another student exchange with the National People's Congress to strive to let more students of the National People's Congress come to the United States to experience running Harvard University, and also let more Harvard students come to Hua Xia to experience the charm of the National People's Congress!"

Li Mu nodded slightly. This Lawrence was indeed quite tactful. He knew that he was wrong and could immediately correct it once he knew where it was. Such a person was worth giving him another chance.

Therefore, Li Mu deliberately said to Dong Ai in English, "Dong Ai, you must put more effort into the 3321 American station. Do this project wholeheartedly!"

Dong Ai immediately nodded and said, "Rest assured, Li Zong, I will."

Lawrence finally heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He knew that Li Mu had already forgiven him.

…

After the dinner with the alumni of the National People's Congress, Li Mu was arranged to stay in a hotel on the campus of Harvard. Although the hotel was very small, the standard was very high, and the management was very strict. The environment was very quiet.

In the evening, Li Ziwei went to Li Mu's room to discuss the next schedule with Li Mu. According to the plan, Li Mu would fly back to San Francisco at noon tomorrow. However, this time, Li Mu would not return to Silicon Valley. Instead, he would go directly to Wei Lan's parents' home as a guest and leave with Wei Lan the next day.

After leaving San Francisco, they would go to Los Angeles to meet Spielberg in Hollywood.

In the afternoon the day after tomorrow, Li Mu and Spielberg would attend the launch conference of the film project "Flying Tigers" to officially announce the official launch of the film.

Li Mu believed that with the participation of himself and Spielberg, Tom Hanks and Leonardo, two A-list actors, and the investment of more than 100 million US dollars, once the project of "Flying Tigers" was released, it would definitely cause a huge shock in Hollywood, the Hua Xia film industry, and even the film industry all over the world.

The fictitious "The Last Samurai" had just been criticized into a pile of smelly dog sh * t. "Flying Tigers", which was mostly based on real history and a small part of the film and television adaptation, would definitely be favored by the majority of the audience.

After Li Ziwei and Li Mu finished checking the itinerary, she chatted with Li Mu about "Flying Tigers" and couldn't help but ask Li Mu, "Li Zong, who will be responsible for the casting of Hua Xia in the film 'Flying Tigers' in the future?"

Li Mu smiled and said, "Why do you ask this question?"

Li Ziwei said, "I think that no matter who is in charge, the actors of Hua Xia will definitely try their best to get a role from him, because this film will definitely make history in the film industry for Hua Xia. As an actor, everyone wants to seize this opportunity."

Li Mu smiled and said, "Except for Du Wei, the other actors will be decided by Director Spielberg."

Li Ziwei said seriously, "I think the casting of Hua Xia should be decided by you yourself. Foreigners have a problem with our people's aesthetic standards."

Li Mu asked curiously, "Why do you say that?"

Li Ziwei smiled and said, "To be honest, when we Hua Xia people look at Westerners, most of us can see good or bad, beautiful or ugly. We think the Westerners are beautiful, and the Westerners also think they are beautiful. But when Westerners look at us Hua Xia people, I dare not compliment them. Because they think that Hua Xia people are beautiful, we Hua Xia people feel awkward when we look at them."

"That makes sense …" Li Mu carefully thought about Li Ziwei's words and found that it was indeed the case.

Whether it was Hollywood, the fashion circle, or the entire West, they seemed to have some problems with the aesthetic standards of Oriental women. Sometimes the super Oriental beauty in their eyes was so ugly in Li Mu's eyes that he could not bear to look at it. If the aesthetic standards were not on the same line, then it might have some influence when it came to casting.