Chapter 988

If any industry wanted to develop quickly, it needed a strong disruptor, like Li Mu, who broke into an industry with overwhelming strength, shattered the existing structure of the industry, and forced the industry to reintegrate.

Before this, the domestic security monitoring industry was in a state of disunity. Whether it was the front-end enterprises, the middle-end enterprises, or the back-end enterprises, everyone just wanted to do what they were supposed to do. Those who made cameras only wanted to make cameras; those who did decoding only wanted to decode; those who did transmission only wanted to transmit; and those who did storage only wanted to store. As a result, all the products of the manufacturers were part of the security monitoring system. As a result, the vast majority of users had to go through intermediary service providers to integrate their products. No matter how lousy the solutions provided by the middlemen were, the users had no choice but to accept them.

In the end retail market, it was precisely because there were very few manufacturers that could directly go down to the customers that there were service providers in the middle. These people were like black-hearted profiteers. Not only were there a lot of tricks in the solutions they came up with, but there was also a huge price difference and a lot of problems.

However, the consumers and the enterprises and institutions with corresponding needs could not find a solution in a short time. There was no enterprise in the market that could directly provide a set of mature, stable, reliable, and transparent solutions. Therefore, Li Mu felt that at this time, the one who solved the customers' needs first would seize the first opportunity.

In Li Mu's view, it was a good time to become a giant in the security monitoring industry. It was precisely because the industry was not large and the visible profits in the market were not enough to give birth to a giant that could break through all the links for the time being. Now, the giant had already taken shape. In the future, Makino Vision would become the first overall security monitoring solution provider of Hua Xia.

Li Mu hoped that Makino Vision would complete the registration as soon as possible, then sign a contract with Hikvision, and then take over Guang 'an Surveillance. Finally, he would integrate the team and put them in Shenzhen. Therefore, he asked Ding Zhenglin to set up a special task force to be fully responsible for the establishment and capital operation of Makino Vision.

Acquiring hardware manufacturers was relatively simple. Based on the size of the company, production, sales, revenue, and fixed assets, a certain premium could be offered, and most of them would not refuse. The so-called concept and bubble problems of Internet companies did not exist. In addition, the security monitoring market had not yet taken off, so the hardware manufacturers in this industry did not have an easy time.

…

As soon as Makino Vision's ideas were settled, Makino Technology and Taobao also entered a new critical stage.

A few days after returning from the National Day holiday, Lin Ching-ah sent a piece of good news to Li Mu. The US Embassy had already applied for business visas to the United States for all employees of Makino Technology, and the success rate had reached 100%. This meant that the expeditionary army of Makino Technology had already made all the preparations for the expedition to North America.

Hearing this news, Li Mu was overjoyed!

Without a visa, it would be impossible to send a large number of employees to the US to work, which would greatly affect the efficiency of overseas expansion. Once the visa was obtained, Makino Technology could put a large number of its own talents into the US market at any time.

YY was growing rapidly among the elites in the overseas market, but it still lacked a good breakthrough point that would allow YY to break through from the elite to the netizens.

As soon as Lin Ching-ah said that the visa issue was settled, Li Mu immediately gathered the core backbones for a meeting.

As soon as everyone arrived, Li Mu excitedly announced the good news of the visa issue to everyone, then said, "We've been waiting for this batch of visas for so long. Now that the visas are here, we'll have to follow up with our overseas operations immediately."

As soon as Li Mu said that they had to follow up with their overseas operations immediately, the others immediately became eager and eager.

Ever since YY unexpectedly became popular among the overseas elite group, all employees of Makino Technology were looking forward to YY's better performance overseas. Although YY had always been performing well in the overseas market, the Makino Technology team could not find any sense of achievement from it at all.

YY's overseas development had always been based on the "floating bottle" model. Where the floating bottle would end up and who would see it depended entirely on nature and luck. The company wanted to send more people to the United States, but the visa issue was an insurmountable chasm, so everyone could only watch the show from within the country.

Li Mu had always had a strong desire to control the development of the product, but this feeling of being completely powerless and only being able to sit back and watch the product develop on its own was extremely torturous for Li Mu. Therefore, he had been waiting for the visa. Once the visa was settled, he would quickly airdrop the team to the US and get them in the right state in the shortest time possible.

Out of this mentality, Li Mu said to the core members present, "We now have two urgent needs for the overseas market. One is to build Makino Technology's data center overseas to prepare for the overseas market's explosion in advance. The other is the overseas promotion of the overseas version of Happy Farm, which is also the overseas promotion of Paradise Town. I've asked everyone to prepare the team to work in the US before. All the people in charge can start preparing after today's meeting, so everyone can prepare to go to the US as soon as possible."

At present, no domestic Internet company had tried to build a data center in the United States. This was because for the current domestic Internet companies, it was very difficult to expand into the American market and users. However, for Muye Technology, this was an urgent need.

Although the population of the US was a few times smaller than that of China, the number of netizens in the US was very large. Currently, they were the largest netizen group in the world. Therefore, before conquering the US market, or even the entire US market, Makino Technology had to first build their own data center to handle the huge traffic demand in the future.

As for Paradise Town, Li Mu's trump card to conquer the overseas market, the development of the client-side version of Paradise Town had already been completed. All that was left was to show off in the US market. Now that the visa issue was settled, the promotion of Paradise Town in the US was imminent.

Paradise Town would be Makino Technology's first shot in the overseas market, and Li Mu had a lot of confidence in it. Apart from that, his own modified version of Plants vs Zombies was already in the middle stages of development. Since the game itself wasn't a big production, and could only be considered a small game, the development period wouldn't be too long.

Once Paradise Town was promoted in the overseas market, it wouldn't take long for Plants vs Zombies to catch up. With these two games in hand, Li Mu was very confident in YY's overseas promotion. As long as these two games became popular, it would definitely attract a lot of users for YY. YY itself was a very strong product, so once the users were attracted, there was no doubt that it would be a problem to retain them.

Kong Lingyu asked Li Mu, "Boss, when will our employees officially start working in the US?"

Li Mu replied with four words, "The sooner the better!"

Kong Lingyu then said, "Then starting from today, I'll give everyone a week to prepare, and we'll leave for the US in a week."

Li Mu nodded and said, "The first batch of employees to go to the US has already been decided a long time ago, so everyone should have already made the necessary preparations. Another week should be enough for everyone to prepare."

As he said this, Li Mu then said to Lin Ching-ah, "Qing Ya, apart from the team building the data center and the team promoting Paradise Town, you still have a team in charge of the Silicon Valley branch's construction and recruitment, right?"

Lin Ching-ah immediately said, "Li Zong, this time I'll personally be in charge of the construction and recruitment of the branch. The HR team will have eight people, two translators, and six assistants. They'll be responsible for the basic necessities of our employees going to the US, so I'll have to head over early this time. Our support team will be leaving in the next three days."

Li Mu nodded and said, "Then you guys should head over as soon as possible. Once you're in the US, arrange for basic necessities, food, and accommodation for everyone. Once everyone arrives, they'll be able to start working immediately.

"Also, we have close to a hundred employees going to the US this time. Apart from office equipment and daily necessities, it's best to buy some local food for everyone to bring along. In my opinion, why don't we talk to China Airlines and have them charter a plane for us to go to the US?"

Business Director Ding Jian immediately said happily, "Charter a plane is great!

Li Zong, chartering a plane to the US will not only increase the happiness of our employees going to the US, but it will also greatly increase their fighting spirit. We can even use it as publicity material!

There are almost no internet companies in our country that can really expand their business to the US, let alone send a hundred employees to the US in one go like we did. When the time comes, our Makino Technology will charter a plane to send a hundred employees to the US to work. This in itself will be a hot topic worth hyping! "

Ding Jian's words were agreed by everyone present. Even Fang Xudong, a technology expert from Silicon Valley, nodded repeatedly and said, "Chartering a plane to send a hundred employees to the US to carry out overseas business is definitely an unprecedented event in the domestic internet industry. When the time comes, we will hold a farewell party, just like how we send the Olympic athletes abroad to participate in competitions. This will definitely promote our company's reputation. Not only will it improve the company's reputation, but it will also give the entire Hua Xia Internet a shot in the arm."

Fang Xudong's words were shocking. Originally, everyone could not imagine how much of a boost it would bring to their morale and fighting spirit by chartering a plane to the United States. However, when they heard him use the Olympic athletes as an analogy, everyone instantly understood. That feeling was indeed like sending soldiers to battle. It was grand and soul-stirring.

At the same time, this grand sense of ceremony could also let every employee who represented Makino Technology in the US understand that they were shouldering not only the mission of strengthening Makino Technology, but also the mission of bringing glory to the Hua Xia Internet.

Winning glory for the country was a heavy responsibility and a long way to go.

…