Chapter 461

After finishing his work, Li Mu downloaded the information on MP3 OEM manufacturers in the attachment. This time, he sent out three groups of people, and they brought back more than 10 OEM manufacturers' information and quotations.

Li Mu looked through the information one by one. First, he looked at the OEM manufacturers in China. There are a total of four of them, and most of them are located in Shenzhen and Dongguan. Their quotations are relatively low. Most of the OEM manufacturers will charge around 300 RMB for a 64MB MP3 player. But the price of a 64MB MP3 player will be doubled. There are three OEM manufacturers in Taiwan, and two of them are famous. Their production lines are in China, but their quotations are 10% higher. There are two Korean OEM manufacturers, and their quotations are around 370 RMB.

Their quotations are the highest among all the OEM manufacturers. Li Mu focused on the introduction of the OEM manufacturers in China. He noticed a company called Fuguang in Shenzhen is the most powerful. They are manufacturing many brands of MP3 players in China, and one of them is a famous brand, Patriot.

As for the Taiwanese companies, MP3 OEM is not their main business, and the brands they work with are not popular. But Feng Yu can tell that the Taiwanese companies are better than the Taiwanese companies. This is normal. In 2002, China's electronics manufacturing industry is still catching up. There are many small companies, but there are not many large companies. Also, Taiwan is the world's OEM manufacturer, and their experience and capabilities in this area are better than the Chinese companies.

As for the Korean OEM manufacturers, Li Mu does not understand them. Their overall capabilities are not as good as the Taiwanese companies, but their prices are higher. That's why Li Mu decided to skip the Korean companies.

After a few rounds of screening, Li Mu finally decided on Fuguang and Taiwan's Zhonghui. Then, he sent a reply to Lin Qingya, asking her to arrange for someone to contact these two factories again to see if they could lower the price even further. At the same time, they would ensure the speed of shipment. Most importantly, the factory had to guarantee a guaranteed repair rate. If the repair rate was lower than the specified rate, the factory would have to bear the cost. If the repair rate was higher than the specified rate, the factory would have to bear the cost. On top of that, the factory would have to guarantee that the repair rate would not exceed 10% within a year.

Now, the MP3 market is a mess. Most of the well-known brands are OEM manufacturers, not to mention the small brands. Li Mu did some research on the internet. The highest repair rate for unknown brands is 40-50%, and the well-known brands' repair rate is 10-20%. The quality control companies can control the repair rate to around 15%. That's why Li Mu's request is not too much. To be a good brand, the hardware must have a certain quality assurance.

After replying to the email, Li Mu lay on the bed and thought about the brand. To make hardware, he needed a brand that was easy to remember, so the brand name was very important. There were so many mobile phone brands in the later generations, but some mobile phone brands had strange names that made people feel no desire to buy, and even embarrassed.

For example, there is a popular joke on the internet. "Hey, what mobile phone did you buy?"

"I bought a hammer."

"Damn, why are you scolding me …"

But he is not in a hurry, and he can think about it slowly.

He turned off his computer and lay on his bed. Just as he was about to fall asleep, his phone vibrated. Li Mu took the phone and saw a text from Su Yingxue. "Thank you so much for today's incident. Thank you …"

Li Mu: "You don't have to be so polite with me."

Su Yingxue: "This is very important to my aunt's family of three. I want to thank you on their behalf. Also, my aunt wants to invite you to dinner. She wants to know when you are free."

Li Mu replied, "Let's talk about it after the dust settles. The media will take action tomorrow, and the Film Academy should be able to deal with it quickly, as well as the public security and the people's court. Generally, once the media exposes the case, these departments will be surprisingly efficient, so I think it should be settled the day after tomorrow. Then we can talk about the meal. Otherwise, if something unexpected happens, I will feel guilty."

Su Yingxue said, "You've done enough. If it weren't for you, Xinran wouldn't have known about the secrets behind this. Even if she found out about it from Chen Yueyue's mouth in the future, she would definitely be hurt. Fortunately, she met Chen Yueyue today and had you protecting her."

Li Mu suddenly thought of the moment when he was in a trance on the bridge. He thought of "Memories of the Nine Edges". He thought of the moment when he suddenly woke up and thought of Su Yingxue. He was sure that no matter what, Su Yingxue is the most direct proof of his existence in this world. She is the only person that he could not reunite with in his previous life. She is the only person that he has been dreaming about for so many years in his previous life. Now, she is his girlfriend. This is the biggest reversal of Li Mu's life in both of his lives. She is the lighthouse that ensures that he will not be lost.

With this in mind, Li Mu: "As your boyfriend, I have to protect everything around you."

"It's so good to have you here …" Su Yingxue was lying next to her younger sister at the moment, holding her phone with a face full of sweetness and happiness. She couldn't help but recall the fate that brought her and Li Mu to where they were now. She never thought that the two of them would be admitted to the same university and become a couple, nor did she think that Li Mu would be able to burst out such amazing energy in university. So much so that many times, she felt that she didn't deserve him. Compared to him, she was too ordinary.

…

The next day, starting from six o 'clock in the morning, all the major TV stations began to broadcast the news that Li Mu had reported the two directors of the Film Academy. Except for the Central Television, which didn't respond, all the provincial and municipal TV stations all over the country broadcasted the news. Several newspapers sold in Yan Jing used very eye-catching pages to report the incident. In addition to reporting the incident itself, the media also made a conclusion about it. They all expressed in their reports that if this incident was verified to be true, it would probably be the cover for the Art Academy's entrance examination. For a long time, the public had a lot of doubts about the fairness of the entrance examination. At that time, this incident would probably become a benchmark in the history of the entrance examination.

The media worked together and pushed Li Mu and the Film Academy to the forefront of public opinion. However, Li Mu and the Film Academy were in completely different positions. Li Mu had an excellent reputation in front of the media and the public because of 3321. Moreover, from the nature of this incident, it was impossible for Li Mu to frame the two directors without any evidence, because he wouldn't benefit from it. As for the two directors who were reported, they weren't trusted by anyone at the moment. If they were to commit fraud in the Film Academy's entrance examination, the gray interests involved would probably be huge. After all, the Yan Jing Film Academy was the most famous film academy in the country.

A storm was brewing in the country's public opinion. Chen Guanghua, who was far away in Japan, was in high spirits.

His wife's call last night was just a small interlude for him. Although he was also very angry, he was in a surprisingly good mood today. His wife and children were not worth mentioning to him today, because today he would officially sign the contract with the representative of the Japanese company. This indicated that he would become the owner of 50% of the shares of the Sino-Japanese joint venture in the future. Once the contract was signed, all the resources promised by the Japanese would immediately be fulfilled. New processes, new technologies, new products, new buyers, this would be the beginning of a new world.

At 7: 30 am local time, Chen Guanghua got up early and put on the best suit he had brought this time. After his assistant rushed over to help him tidy up his appearance, he walked out of the hotel room in high spirits.

The contract signing team he had brought with him was also ready at this moment. Chen Guanghua took everyone to the hotel restaurant for a sumptuous breakfast and held a short meeting, or more like a short speech, for everyone at the dining table.

"We'll leave at 8: 30 am and arrive at the other company's company at 9 o 'clock on time. Damn it, these Japanese have wasted so much of our time and restricted us so much by the contract. As long as we can sign the contract as soon as possible, I'll put up with it. When we get there today, we'll cut the Gordian knot and confirm the details of the contract on the spot. We'll sign the contract on the spot. Even if it takes us until tomorrow, we have to sign the contract!

Otherwise, I won't be able to calm down. "

As he spoke, he looked at his brother-in-law, who was Zhang Lan's younger brother, Zhang Shan, and said, "Xiao Shan, you have to get in touch with that Japanese person and build a good relationship with him. Once the contract is signed, he will definitely be the Japanese person in charge of our joint venture project. You have to think of all ways to get the other party to speed up the construction of the factory. You can privately sound him out. If he wants to earn money, give him some. When he arrives in China, you have to use all your means to rope him in. Aren't you most familiar with the brothels in Yan Jing? When the time comes, bring him there every few days and make him confused!

“

Zhang Shan smiled and said, "Brother-in-law, as long as you reimburse me, I'll definitely treat him well and make him happy."

“

Chen Guanghua said with a serious face, "How can he be so happy that he doesn't even think about the days?

It'll take many days! "

The table of people burst into laughter.

Zhang Shan said happily, "Brother-in-law, after signing the contract with the Japanese this time, will we be able to get the supply contracts with Japanese manufacturers like Honda, Toyota, and Nissan in the future?"

Chen Guanghua said, "The Japanese side means that they have the resources to provide, but we also have to find a way to communicate with the domestic side of these joint ventures. If we can get through both sides, we'll have a 90% chance of success."